 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by
 and welcome to the SAG Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only build.
 Later, we will conduct a class student answer session,
 and instructions will follow at that time.
 If anyone should require assistance during the conference, please press star zero on your touchtone telephone.
 As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.
 Thank you.
 I would like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Brandon Frey.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Grace.
 Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today to review ZAG's third quarter 2020
 financial results.
 On the call today, we have Chris Ahern, Chief Executive Officer, and Taylor Smith, Chief
 financial officer.
 following Chris
 and Taylor's prepared comments, we will open the
 call for a question and answer session.
 Our third quarter earnings press release was issued today after the market closed at approximately
 4.05 p.m.
 Eastern Time.
 As a follow-on to the earnings release,
 we publish the supplemental financial information
 on our Investor Relations website.
 We also furnished this document to the SEC on Form 8.
 you can find all our earnings documents
 on our investor relations website at zag.com
 in the quarterly results section under the financials tab.
 We are recording this call, and a podcast of the conference call will be archived at
 the Zag Investor Relations webpage under the events tab for one year.
 Before we begin, we would like to remind everyone that the prepared remarks contain four
 looking statements
 and management may make additional forward-looking statements in response to your questions.
 These statements include, but are not limited to, our outlook for the company and statements
 that estimate or project future results of operations
 for the performance of the company.
 These statements do not guarantee future performance
 and speak as of the date hereof.
 for more detailed discussion
 on the factors that can cause actual results to differ materially
 than those projected in the forward-looking statements.
 We refer all of you to the risk factors
 contained in Zag's annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 follow the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 ZAG assumes no obligation to revise any forward-looking statements that may be made in today's release or call.
 Please note that on today's call, in addition to discussing the GAAP financial results,
 We will discuss adjusted EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure.
 An explanation of Zag's use of this non-GAAP financial measure in this call and reconciliation
 between gap and non-gap measures required
 by SEC Regulation G.
 is included in Doug's press release today,
 which, again, can be found on the Investor Relations website.
 The non-GAAP information is not a substitute for any performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP,
 And the use of such non-GAAP measures has limitations, which are detailed in the company's
 customers.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Christopher.
 Chris?
 Thanks Brendan and thank you to everyone on today's call.
 We hope you and your families continue to be safe and healthy.
 firstly let me
 start by thanking
 our entire Zag team across the globe.
 I'm extremely plowed to see how our teams reacted through the quarter
 and never lost sight of serving our consumers and partners
 with quality products that protect and enhance our devices.
 over the course of the third quarter
 it was pleasing to see our results improve significantly
 compared with the second quarter
 and exceed our expectations.
 we are encouraged by our recent performance
 given the challenges
 we continue to face
 from the ongoing health pandemic
 and its impact on the economy.
 economy.
 Our work over the past several months which has included reducing expenses, adapting our
 operations to the current retail environment
 and aggressively managing inventories
 has put the company
 in a much stronger financial position
 and provided the business
 with good momentum
 as we head into our busiest selling season.
 Looking at our third quarter in more detail, as we discussed on our Q2 call in August,
 We saw a significant sequential uptick in cells through in June for both our protection and
 power categories
 as several of our larger customers reopened their doors and resumed more
 normalised store operations
 with some sell through weeks
 even exceeding
 last year's levels.
 This trend continued into July and consistently improved throughout August and September.
 while our online sales growth
 did temper a bit from levels we experienced
 early in the pandemic
 when much of the brick and mortar was closed
 it was still up nicely
 from a year ago
 and expanding this channel
 continues to be a priority for us.
 with respect to our overall performance
 Q3 revenue
 came in at
 $150 million compared to
 147 million
 in the year-ago period.
 a decrease of 21%.
 This represents a nice improvement from the 28% year-over-year decrease in revenue we reported in the second quarter.
 Despite the roughly $32 million drop in revenue compared with the third quarter of last year,
 combined with some gross margin headwinds
 from higher
 freight expenses
 we delivered a justed EBITDA of $15 million.
 dollars. Thanks to cost-saving
 measures we enacted early in the pandemic.
 Taylor will go through in greater detail on the balance sheet but I wanted to share a
 a few highlights.
 Despite significant market pressure from COVID-19, our accounts receivable, DSO has improved
 compared to last year.
 inventory decline
 compared to
 where we
 ended Q2
 we generate a positive operating cash flow
 and we continue to reduce our quarter-in net debt balance on a year-over-year and sequential basis.
 by taking quick decisive action back in April
 and more recently
 working closely with our retail partners
 on their story
 reopening efforts, we have been able to
 successfully navigate through incredibly challenging
 market conditions, ensuring the financial viability of the company, and position ourselves to exit
 this difficult period
 as a stronger, more nimble organisation.
 I'll now provide some additional colour to all categories.
 with protection.
 we continue to build
 in our overall digital wellness strategy
 for a few years now
 our hero screen protector has been VisionGuard,
 a product that reduces exposure to high energy visible blue light
 that can have damaging effects
 without changing the screen colours
 or the peak resolution.
 we have now sold over 10 million units
 which is technology
 In addition, all Invisible Machine screen protectors
 produced this year and beyond
 now also include antimicrobial technology.
 This includes our entire line up for the new iPhone 12 which is now available in stores.
 Earlier this year, we introduced our newest product geared towards our digital wellness strategy,
 a UV phone sanitizer
 of which works with our mobile devices
 and kids
 up to
 99.9%
 of Staph and E. coli surface bacteria.
 Our emphasis on protecting devices and their owners
 is resonating with retailers and our consumers
 and has led to increasing sell-through and greater shelf space with many of our accounts.
 We've expanded this strategy beyond screen protection to protect cases with good success,
 starting with the Samsung Galaxy S20 launch earlier this year
 and right through to the recent iPhone 12 launch
 all Gear 4 protective cases
 and I will also feature antimicrobial technology.
 The combination of this enhancement benefit in Gear 4's differentiated D3O impact technology
 is driving excitement amongst consumers,
 especially as awareness of the brand
 and products grow from our efforts to expand
 distribution
 with a new
 iPhone 12, Gear 4 is now available and growing across all of our carrier partners.
 This expanded distribution accelerates the momentum of Gear 4 brand, and I'm excited
 to see it continue to grow through 2021.
 in our poll category
 Morphy launched
 many exciting new products
 during Q3, including the
 introduction of a new line of wireless charging
 solutions. These innovations are
 focused on providing the ability to conveniently
 charge multiple devices in one
 central location
 In addition, last month we launched the new Morphe Juice Pack Connect.
 this new product represents an evolution of our popular juice pack
 allowing users to easily charge their phone on demand
 using a detachable
 battery feature
 that is not device specific
 and is used
 with or without
 the consumer's
 normal phone case
 Our Halo brand continues to perform well on QVC, which has been a productive partnership
 and channel, particularly given the number
 a consumer spending more time at home.
 Q4 is a busy time for our brands with QVC and HSN
 with a number of earrings planned during the holiday period.
 looking ahead
 with the
 majority of
 Our U.S. partner door is now open.
 and weekly sales
 to continue to improve, combined with solid direct-to-consumer trends, we feel optimistic
 think about our prospects for the remainder of the year.
 while there is still a good deal of uncertainty
 about how the virus will impact shopping behaviour
 this holiday season
 including the effect
 on several countries in Europe
 that have recently implemented lockdowns.
 We believe we are well positioned to capitalise on demand
 regardless of which channel our consumer chooses to engage with the brands.
 We are currently planning
 fourth quarter revenue to increase from third quarter
 levels and continue improving
 on the year-over-year declines we've experienced
 the past two quarters
 even as we're facing
 tough comparison
 to last year's
 record Q4 sales
 I am confident in the long-term course we have set for the company.
 our efforts around antimicrobial
 UV sanitization and blue light protection
 are driven by our belief
 that consumers
 would increasingly
 look for solutions
 that will
 hang still
 digital wellness.
 we also believe
 another consumer priority
 will be increased productivity and comfort from home.
 We will continue our focus on enhancing technology in our lives to accomplish these growing needs.
 while it remains difficult to know
 when conditions will fully normalize
 and what impact
 COVID-19
 will have
 the global economy and our industry, I am confident that we have taken the right steps
 to emerge from the pandemic as a stronger company.
 This includes our decision to discontinue certain lower margin product and categories and simplify our core lines of business.
 as a more nimble company
 Zag can better serve
 its retail partners
 and co-consumers
 capitalised on the tailwinds
 from the multi-year rollout of 5G
 with the margin benefits from our brand and category consolidation
 and generate
 increased value for our shareholders.
 I will now hand the call over to Thaler
 Thanks Chris
 since many details of our quarterly financial performance
 were included in the supplemental financial information
 issued earlier today.
 I would just like to take a few minutes to add some additional comments
 in our third quarter financial performance.
 Q3 net sales decreased year-over-year
 by approximately 21% to
 $115 million.
 dollars. After exiting a very difficult second quarter, we saw good momentum throughout the
 third quarter as retail outlets continue to reopen and allow a more normal
 in-store shopping experience.
 that being said
 the residual effects of COVID-19 combined with the delay of the launch of the new Apple
 devices, which puts
 which pushed some orders into Q4,
 made it a difficult year-over-year compare.
 Overall, we're pleased with the momentum and sell-through improvements we saw at retail,
 which enabled us to increase sales by almost 50% on a consecutive quarter basis
 from $77 million
 to $115 million.
 Q3 gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased year-over-year to 33%.
 there were a number of puts and takes
 and impacted gross profit during the quarter,
 including a benefit
 from net lower duty rates
 and expected duty refunds,
 which I'll discuss in more detail in a second.
 This benefit was offset by higher expedited air freight
 and increased air freight rates
 along with the sale of excess inventory of margins
 that were lower than our historical averages.
 On the subject of duty refunds, in early August, we received an exclusion notice that duties
 paid on certain products imported from China
 starting in late 2018
 may be subject to refund.
 We work closely with our customs broker to begin submitting refund documentation to U.S. Customs.
 This work is ongoing, and given the volume of imports from China since late 2018,
 will continue
 throughout the 4th quarter.
 Based on the work completed to date,
 we recorded a refund receivable
 at quarter end of approximately $5.4 million
 for duties paid that we
 expect to be refunded.
 The income statement impacted this receivable
 offset by the balance sheet reduction from duties previously capitalized in inventory
 and then sold in Q3 2020
 was a net income statement benefit of $1.7 million
 or approximately 140 basis points to gross profit margin during the quarter.
 As I mentioned, there is still quite a bit of work left to do during the fourth quarter
 to complete our remaining refund submissions
 and we'll provide an update on any additional refund upside on our next call.
 Q3 operating expenses decreased 29%,
 were approximately $12 million compared to last year.
 The decrease was due primarily to the various cost-cutting measures we implemented
 as a result of the expected COVID-19 impacts on demand.
 Over the last several months, we've made the conscious decision
 to bring some individuals back from furlough
 to support fourth quarter product launches and customer care.
 but we continue to be focused on all spend
 to ensure we navigate our way through this difficult time.
 Q3 adjusted EBITDA was $15 million versus $21 million in the prior year period.
 The decline versus last year is linked to decreased sales
 and a reduction in overall gross profit margin for the reasons I mentioned.
 These items were offset by the decreases in operating expenses that I just discussed.
 Turning to the balance sheet, compared to a year ago, accounts receivable decreased 33% to $91 million
 due to the reduction in sales compared to the prior year period.
 However, our DSOs improved significantly from 87 days to 73 days.
 the quality
 of our receivables remains very good.
 Inventory was $80 million compared to $94 million at the end of the first quarter,
 a reduction of approximately $14 million.
 During the third quarter, we took a conservative approach to inventory
 as we closely monitor retail sell-through, customer forecasts, and customer inventory levels
 to ensure we didn't overextend on inventory purchasing.
 As a result, we did incur some incremental expedited air freight charges
 due to increased demand
 at the end of the third quarter
 as retail sell-through improved.
 At this point, we will continue to closely monitor the factors that influence our purchasing
 forecasts, but will continue to
 playing conservatively
 due to the continued uncertainties related to the COVID-19 pandemic.
 Despite the continued headwinds from COVID-19 during the quarter, we generated a third quarter
 for operating cash flow of approximately $9 million
 compared to negative 11 million in cash
 from operations during the prior year period.
 Net debt, which is consolidated debt less cash, decreased to $81 million compared to $97 million in Q3 last year
 and $85 million at the end of the first quarter of 2020.
 As we discussed on the last call,
 During April, we amended our credit facility
 to increase the total amount available
 under the line of credit
 from $125,000,000 to $145,000,000.
 This expansion, combined with the loan received under the CARES Act,
 the Q2 restructuring and cost-cutting initiatives we've undertaken
 and gives us confidence that we'll successfully navigate the headwinds
 that COVID-19 has put on the business.
 The capital allocation focus throughout the remainder of 2020
 will remain on funding working capital needs
 and continuing to service our line of credit.
 As we look to the fourth quarter of 2020, we definitely have better visibility now than we did when we last spoke in August.
 However, COVID-19 continues to create uncertainty around worldwide retail demand.
 Given this mark of uncertainty, we will not be providing annual guidance at this time.
 However, given our current view of customer orders and positive retail sell-through trends,
 We expect strong sequential net sales and adjusted
 growth over the third quarter.
 We expect 2020 year-to-date gross margins to improve during the fourth quarter, though
 So as I mentioned, we'll see some pressure
 over the next few quarters compared to historical averages
 of mid-30s as we sell through our excess inventory.
 We expect total operating expenses
 to be in the same range
 of high 20s to low $30 million
 for the fourth quarter.
 No different than for many other companies, COVID-19 has been extremely disruptive to our business.
 However, with the steps we've taken to restructure the business, reduce fixed costs, and ensure adequate liquidity,
 I'm confident the likes of this period impacted by COVID-19 is a much stronger company than when we entered.
 With that, we will now open up the call for questions.
 thank you ladies and gentlemen
 And if you have a question at this time, please press start in the number one key on your
 Watched on Telephone.
 Again, that is stored in the number one key on your touchstone telephone.
 Your first question comes from the line of Elliot Alper from D.A. Davidson.
 and your line is open.
 Great, thank you.
 so thanks for the
 info on just the sequential sales
 in the fourth quarter I guess
 Could you talk about any trends quarter to date specifically and specifically geographic sales mix?
 Are you seeing any material changes with sales and geographies
 that have lost restrictions compared to those that have more?
 Yeah, just a couple of notes.
 You know, with the Apple launch happening a little bit later than we had experienced previously,
 there was maybe $5 million
 of sales have shifted from Q3
 into Q4, which will obviously benefit
 kind of the sequential
 um
 the sequential look at revenue.
 Overall, though, we're seeing really good sell-through of the phones.
 that seem to be doing very successful in market
 and obviously we're benefiting from that.
 So Q4 is starting off really, really well.
 in terms of
 geos, you know, no material change
 in geo-expansion.
 you know Chris mentioned
 or Geomix
 You know, Chris mentioned in his prepared remarks that we are definitely seeing some headwinds,
 at least in terms of shutdowns in some of our international locations.
 However,
 you know, the wireless dealers
 in those locations
 you know have been deemed as essential and so those have remained open and so
 So it kind of remains to be seen as to how that's going to impact demand,
 But I think overall, we're definitely seeing some strong signs that we're kind of getting back to a more normal Q4 experience,
 though obviously COVID remains a bit of a cloud over everything.
 Okay, great.
 And then, aside from the Apple launch shifting into the fourth quarter,
 can you talk about the holiday season
 and kind of what may be different this year versus historically
 and kind of any implications
 as that may have on the December quarter?
 Yeah, the one thing that we
 we are starting
 to see as
 obviously the Black Friday
 seems to be more
 some retailers are taking
 strategy
 which are
 spreading it
 out over
 a number of
 days over
 the
 over the month
 so that's something
 that's going to be different
 I think we're still going to see a pretty
 strong
 online
 attachment
 from both side.com
 and obviously through Amazon.
 we're very
 I would say
 optimistic about the early sell-through
 on our screen protection cases
 are quite strong
 And that's given that we still have a number of other devices to hit the market actually this week.
 so overall I think we have
 some good runway for the
 holiday season
 Elliot
 okay great
 thank you
 Thank you.
 Yeah, thanks, Elliot.
 And once again, in order to ask a class term, please press star then the number one on your
 clutched on telephone.
 Your next question comes from the line of Matt Dane from Titan Capital Management.
 answer line is open.
 Great. Thank you.
 I was hoping you could put a number on the expediting shipping costs that you incurred
 in the third quarter just to give us some better idea
 how the housing
 of Kindos were?
 Yeah, it was, you know, between $2 million and $3 million.
 and as I mentioned
 And in my prepared remarks, you know, we really – it was a bit of a balancing act with inventory
 where we're trying to run it down and, you know,
 It was sell-through, picked up at the end.
 we did have to move quickly and unfortunately
 resulted in some
 some expedited air freight charges.
 And for the fourth quarter, are you expecting that to reoccur, or have you caught up in
 and you feel like you're in a better place now.
 Yeah, it's a great question.
 And, you know, I think we're still probably chasing a little bit of demand.
 And, you know, the one thing that's also kind of impacted us, no different than every other company that's importing from overseas,
 is just generally freight rates have increased kind of globally.
 And so that's also impacted it.
 but I think there's probably
 going to be a little bit of that, you know,
 As I mentioned, it's a bit of a balancing act.
 We definitely wanted to be careful, you know, given the pandemic and how much inventory we were planning.
 and you know
 Fortunately or unfortunately, we've seen some upsides,
 which is great, but we've had to chase those.
 And so I think we're probably still chasing a little bit, which will impact some of our Q4 sales.
 and then also, obviously, the spend on freight.
 Great.
 I also wanted to ask, if I could, really quickly, about the tariff situation.
 and now with a Biden presidency, I know you've been moving some production out of China.
 does that
 change your
 your view on moving production
 out of China, or how are you thinking
 about this new
 regime
 Yeah, I think, Matt, it doesn't change our strategy.
 ultimately we were looking to diversify
 across our CM base
 and make sure that we're setting the company up
 for continued business
 so we're still
 following the strategy
 and you know
 And we've had a very good quarter where we've now successfully have piloted both screen protection and wireless power outside of China.
 So it gives us that ability to be able to shift our supply chain when needed.
 obviously China is still a big part of our
 strategy, but what I like is
 we're not just looking at it
 from a tariff perspective
 now we're really looking at
 from a business continuity perspective.
 great thank you both
 Thanks, Matt.
 Thank you.
 So once again, in order to ask a question,
 press start in the number one on your touchtone telephone
 Gentlemen, I'm showing you for the question at this time.
 I would now like to turn the conference back to Mr. Chris
 and hearing from any closing remarks.
 Thank you. And thank everybody for joining our Q3 earnings report.
 We look forward to updating you again on Q4.
 So have a great evening, everyone, and stay safe.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you all for joining. We're now all disconnect.
 neck.