 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the SAG 3rd Quarter to
 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only build.
 Later, we will conduct a question and answer session, and instructions will follow at the
 time.
 If anyone should require assistance during the conference, please press star-zero on your touch-tone telephone.
 As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.
 Thank you.
 If you would like to turn the conference over to your hosts, Mr. Brandon Frey, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Grace.
 Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today to review Zag's third quarter 2020 financial results.
 On the call today, we have Krista Hearn, Chief Executive Officer, and Taylor Smith, Chief
 financial officer.
 Following Chris and Taylor's prepared comments, we will open the call for a question-and-answer session.
 Our third quarter earnings press release was issued today after the market closed at approximately
 at 8.45 p.m. Eastern Time.
 As a follow-up on the earnings release,
 We publish this supplemental financial information on our Investor Relations website.
 And we also furnished this document to the SEC on Formation.
 We can find all our earnings documents on our Investor Relations website at Zag.com in
 the quarterly results section under the financial tab.
 We are recording this call, and a podcast with a conference call will be our conference
 at the Zag Investor Relations webpage under the Events tab for one year.
 Before we begin, we would like to remind everyone
 that the prepared remarks contain forward-looking statements.
 and management may make additional forwarding statements
 in response to your questions.
 These statements include, but are not limited to,
 or outlook for the company and statements that estimate
 or project future results of operations
 for the performance of the company.
 These statements do not guarantee future performance and speak as of the date hereof.
 or more detailed discussion on the factors
 that can cause actual results to differ materially.
 For those projected in the forward-looking statements,
 We refer all of you to the risk factors contained
 in Zach's annual report on Form 10K.
 and quarterly reports on Form 10Q.
 by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 Zag assumes no obligation to revise any forelooking statements.
 that may be made in today's release or call.
 Please note that on today's call, in addition to discussing the GAAP financial results,
 We will discuss adjusted EBITDA a non-gap financial measure.
 Exploration of Zag's use of this non-GAP financial measure in this call.
 and reconciliation between GAAP and non-GAAP measures
 required by SEC Regulation G. It is included in DAG's press release today, which again
 to be found on the Investor Relations website.
 The non-gap information is not a substitute for any performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP.
 And the use of such non-gap measures has limitations which are detailed in the company's prospects.
 And now, I'm going to call over to Krista Hart.
 Thank you so much.
 Thanks Brendan and thank you to everyone on today's call. We hope you and your families continue to be safe and healthy
 Fortunately, let me start by tanking our entire Zag team across the globe.
 I'm extremely ploughed to see how our teams reacted through the quarter, and nevertheless
 The best side is serving our consumers and partners with quality products that protect
 and enhance our devices.
 Over the course of the third quarter, it was pleasing to see our results improve significantly,
 compared with the second quarter, and exceed our expectations.
 We are encouraged by our recent performance given the challenges we continue to face from
 the ongoing health pandemic and its impact on the economy.
 our work over the past several months which has included reducing expenses,
 adapting our operations to the current retail environment and aggressively
 managing inventories has put the company in a much stronger financial position and provided
 business with good momentum as we head into our busiest selling season.
 Looking at our third quarter in more detail, as we discussed on our Q2 car in August,
 We saw a significant sequential uptake in Celsu in June for border protection and power
 categories as several of our larger customers reopened their doors and resumed more normalised
 store operations.
 with some central weeks even exceeding last year's levels.
 This trend continued into July and consistently improved throughout August and September while
 While our online sales growth did temper a bit from levels we experienced earlier in
 pandemic. When much of the brick and mortar was closed, it was still up nicely from a year ago
 and expanding this channel continues to be a priority for us.
 us.
 With respect to our overall performance, Q3 revenue came in at $150 million compared
 to $137 million in the year ago period, a decrease of 21%.
 This represents a nice improvement from the 28% year-over-year decrease in revenue re-reported
 in the second quarter, despite the roughly 32 million drop in revenue compared to with
 the third quarter of last year, combined with some gross margin headwinds from higher freight
 expenses.
 We delivered a
 adjusted A with that up $15 million.
 Thanks to class-saving measures we enacted early in the pandemic.
 Taylor will go through in greater detail on the balance sheet, but I wanted to get share a few highlights
 Despite significant market pressure from COVID-19, our account receivable, DSO has improved
 compared to last year.
 and eventually decline compared to where we ended Q2.
 We generate a positive operating cash flow and we continue to reduce our quarter in net
 debt balance on a year-over-year and sequential basis.
 by taking quick decisive action back in April,
 and more recently working closely with our retail partners under
 story-opening efforts, we have been able to successfully navigate through and
 incredibly challenging market conditions, ensuring the financial viability of the company
 and position ourselves to exit these difficult periods as a stronger, more
 member organization.
 and now provide some additional color to our categories.
 starting with protection.
 We continue to build on our overall digital wellness strategy for a few years now our
 Our hero screen protector has been VisionGuard, a product that reduced exposure to high-energy
 visible blue lights that can have damaging effects without changing the screen colors
 or the peak resolution.
 We have now sold over 10 million units with this technology.
 In addition, all invisible sheen screen protectors produced this year and beyond now also include
 antimicrobial technology. This includes our entire lineup for the new iPhone 12 which
 which is now available in stores.
 Earlier this year we introduced our newest product geared towards our digital wellness
 strategy, a UV-formed sanitizer which works with all mobile devices and kills up to 99.9%
 of staph and E. coli surface bacteria.
 Our emphasis on protecting devices and their owners is resonating with retailers and our
 consumers and has led to increasing self-serve and greater shelf space with many of our accounts.
 We've expanded this strategy beyond screen protection to protect cases with good success,
 starting with the Samsung Galaxy S20 launch earlier this year and right through to the
 recent iPhone 12 launch. All Gear 4 protective cases now also feature antimicrobial technology.
 The combination of disenhancement, benefit, and gear force differential D3O impact technology
 is driving excitement amongst consumers,
 especially as awareness of the brand and products grow from our efforts to expand distribution.
 With the new iPhone 12, Gear 4 is now available and growing across all of our carrier partners.
 This expanded distribution accelerates to momentum in pure forebrand and I'm excited
 see it continue to grow through 2021.
 In our PAL category, Morphe launched many exciting new products during Q3, including
 introduction of a new line of wireless charging solutions.
 These innovations are focused on providing the ability to conveniently charge multiple
 devices in one central location.
 In addition, last month we launched a new Morphe Juice Pack Connect.
 This new product represents an evolution of our popular juice pack allowing users to
 easily charge your phone on demand using a detachable backstreet feature that is not
 device specific and is used with or without the consumer's normal phone case.
 Our Halo brand continues to be the most popular mobile phone in the world.
 to perform well on QBC which has been a productive partnership and channel particularly given the
 a number of consumers spending more time at home. Q4 is a busy time for our brands with
 QVC and HSN with a number of earrings planned during the holiday period.
 Looking ahead with the majority of our U.S. partner doors now open and WikiCelts will
 will continue to improve. Combined with solid direct to consumer trends, we feel optimistic
 about our prospects for the remainder of the year, while there is still a good deal of
 uncertainty about how the virus will impact shopping behavior this holiday season, including
 the effect on several countries in Europe that have recently implemented lockdowns, we
 We believe we are well positioned to capitalise on the mind, regardless of which channel
 our consumer choose to engage with the brands.
 Currently planning four quarter revenue to increase from third quarter levels and continue
 improving under year-over-year declines we've experienced the past two quarters
 even as we're facing tough comparisons to last year's record Q4 saves.
 I am confident in the long-term course we have set for the company.
 Our efforts around antimicrobial, UV sanitization, and blue light protection are driven by our
 belief that consumers will increasingly look for solutions that will hinder digital when
 We also believe another consumer priority will be increased proud to
 and comfort from home. We will continue our focus on enhancing technology in our
 lives to accomplish these growing needs.
 But it remains difficult to know when conditions will fully normalise and why the impact COVID-19
 will have in the global economy in our industry, I am confident that we have taken the right
 steps to emerge from the pandemic as a stronger company.
 This includes a decision to discontinue certain lower margin product and categories and simplify
 by our core lines of business.
 As a more nimble company, Zag can better serve its retail partners and co-consumers, capitalising
 the tailwinds from the multi-year rollout of 5G with the margin benefits from our branding
 and calculate consolidation and generate increased value for our shareholders.
 I'll hand the call over to Thaler.
 Thanks, Chris.
 Since many details of our quarterly financial performance were included in the supplemental
 financial information issued earlier today.
 I would just like to take a few minutes to add some additional comments
 in our third quarter financial performance.
 two, three net sales decrease year over year.
 by approximately 21% to $115 million.
 After exiting a very difficult second quarter,
 we saw good momentum throughout the third quarter
 as retail outlets continue to reopen
 and allow a more normal in-store shopping experience.
 That being said, the residual effects of COVID-19
 combined with the delay of the launch of the new Apple devices, which pushed up, which
 push some orders into Q4 made it a difficult year-over-year compare.
 Overall, we're pleased with the momentum
 and sell-through improvements we saw at retail,
 which enabled us to increase sales by almost 50%
 on a consecutive quarter basis from $77 million to $115 million.
 Q3 gross profit as a percentage of net sales
 decreased year over year to 33%.
 There were a number of puts and takes
 that impacted gross profit during the quarter,
 including a benefit from net lower duty rates
 and expected duty refunds which I'll discuss in more detail in a second.
 This benefit was offset by higher expedited air freight and increased air freight rates
 along with the cell of excess inventory of margins that were lower than our historic
 averages.
 On the Subjects of Duty refunds, in early August we received an exclusion notice that
 duties paid on certain products imported from China, starting in late 2018, may be subject
 refund.
 We work closely with our customs broker to begin submitting refund documentation to
 to us customs.
 This work is ongoing, and given the volume of imports from China since late 2018, we'll
 We'll continue throughout the fourth quarter.
 Based on the work completed to date, we recorded a refund receivable a quarter end of approximately
 $5.4 million for duties paid that we expect to be refunded.
 The income statement impacted this receivable,
 by the balance sheet reduction from duties
 previously capitalized in inventory and then sold in Q3 2020 was a net income statement
 benefit of $1.7 million or approximately 140 basis points to gross profit margin during
 the quarter.
 As I mentioned, there's still quite a bit of work left to do during the fourth quarter
 to complete our remaining refund submissions
 and we'll provide an update on any additional refund upside
 on our next call.
 Q3 operating expenses decreased 29% or approximately $12 million compared to last year.
 The decrease was due primarily to the various cost-cutting measures we implemented as a
 as a result of the expected COVID-19 impacts on demand.
 Over the last several months, we've made the conscious decision to bring some individuals
 back from furlough to support fourth-quarter product launches and customer care, but we
 We continue to be focused on all spend to ensure we navigate our way through this difficult
 time. Q3 adjusted EBITDAB's $15 million versus $21 million in the prior year period. The decline
 versus last year's, linked to decrease sales and a reduction in overall gross profit margin
 for the reasons I mentioned.
 These items were offset by the decreases in operating expenses that I just discussed.
 Turning to the balance sheet, compared to a year ago accounts receivable decreased 33% to $91 million
 dollars due to the reduction in sales compared to the prior year period.
 However, our DSOs improve significantly from 87 days to 73 days.
 The quality of our receivables remains very good.
 Inventory was $80 million compared to $94 million at the end of the first quarter, a reduction
 of approximately $14 million.
 During the third quarter, we took the conservative approach
 inventory as we closely monitor the retail sell-through, customer forecasts, and customer
 or inventory levels to ensure we didn't overextend
 inventory purchasing.
 As a result, we did incur some incremental expedited air freight charges due to increased
 demand at the end of the third quarter as retail sell-through improved.
 At this point, we will continue to closely monitor the factors
 and influence our purchasing forecasts.
 but will continue to plan conservatively due to the continued uncertainties related to
 of the COVID-19 pandemic.
 despite the continued headwinds from COVID-19
 during the quarter.
 We generated a third-quarter operating cashflow of approximately $9 million, compared to negative
 11 million in cash from operations during the prior year period.
 net debt, which has consolidated that less cash, decreased to $81 million compared to
 $97 million in Q3 last year and $85 million at the end of the first quarter of 2020.
 As we discussed on the last call, during April, we amended our credit facility to increase
 the total amount available under the line of credit from $125 million to $145 million.
 This expansion combined with the loan received under the CARES Act, the Q2 restructuring,
 cost-cutting initiatives we've undertaken gives us confidence that we'll
 successfully navigate the headwinds that COVID-19 has put on the business.
 The capital allocation focus throughout the remainder of 2020 will remain on funding
 working capital needs and continuing to service our line of credit.
 As we look to the fourth quarter of 2020,
 We definitely have better visibility now
 than we did when we last spoke in August.
 However, COVID-19 continues to create uncertainty
 around worldwide retail demand.
 Given this market uncertainty,
 we will not be providing annual guidance at this time.
 However, given our current view of customer orders,
 and positive retail sell-through trends,
 We expect strong sequential net sales
 and adjust to EBITDA growth over the third quarter.
 We expect 2020 year to take gross margins to improve
 during the fourth quarter.
 Though as I mentioned, we'll see some pressure over the next few quarters compared to historical
 averages of mid-thirties as we sell through our excess inventory.
 We expect total operating expenses to be in the same range of high-20s to low-30 million
 dollars for the fourth quarter.
 No different than from any other companies.
 COVID-19 has been extremely disruptive to our business.
 However, with the steps we've taken to restructure the business,
 reduce fixed costs, and ensure adequate liquidity.
 I'm confident the likes of this period impacted by COVID-19
 is a much stronger company than when we entered.
 With that, we will now open up the call for questions.
 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
 If you have a question at this time,
 please press start in the number one key
 on your touch down telephone.
 Again, that is starting the number one key
 on your budget, don't tell the phone.
 Your first question comes from the line of Elliot Alper,
 from DA Davidson.
 your line is open.
 Great, thank you.
 So, thanks for the info on just the sequential sales in the fourth quarter, I guess.
 Could you talk about any trends, quarter dates,
 specifically and specifically geographic sales mix
 Are you seeing any material changes with sales and geographies that have lost restrictions
 Let's compare it to those and have more.
 Yeah, just a couple of notes.
 You know what?
 With the
 the Apple launch happening a little bit later than we had experienced previously, there
 There was maybe $5 million of sales that's shipped from Q3 into Q4, which obviously benefit
 kind of the sequential look at revenue.
 Overall, though, we're seeing really good sell-through of the phones.
 It seemed to be doing very successful in market, and obviously we're benefiting from that.
 So Q4 is starting off really, really well.
 In terms of geos, no material change in geoexpansion.
 Chris mentioned, or GeoMix, Chris mentioned on his
 and his prepared remarks that we are definitely seeing
 some headwinds, at least in terms of shutdowns in some of our international
 locations.
 However, the wireless dealers in those locations have been deemed as essential and so those
 have remained open and so kind of remains to be seen as to how that's going to impact
 demand, but I think overall we're definitely seeing some strong signs that we're kind of
 getting back to a more normal Q4 experience though,
 obviously COVID remains, you know, a bit of a bit of a cloud over everything.
 Okay, great.
 And then, aside from the Apple launch shifting
 There's a fourth quarter.
 Can you talk about the holiday season and kind of what may be different this year versus
 historically, and kind of any implications that may have on the December quarter?
 Yeah, the one thing that we are excited to see is obviously the Black Friday seems to be more some retailers are taking strategy
 We're just spreading it out over a number of days, over the month, so that's something
 that's going to be different. I think we're still going to see a pretty strong online
 uh...
 attachment from both day dot com and obviously to amazon
 But we're very, I would say, optimistic about the early sales through on our screen protection
 cases are quite strong and that's given that we still have a number of other devices to
 to take the market, actually, this week.
 So overall, I think we have some good runway
 for the holiday season, I guess.
 Okay, great, thank you.
 Thank you.
 And once again, in order to ask the class term, please
 brass star, then the number one on your touchstone telephone.
 Your next question comes from the line of Matt Dain from Titan Capital Management.
 your line is open.
 Great, thank you.
 I was hoping you could put a number on the expediting shipping cost that you incurred
 in the third quarter just to give us
 some better idea of how the Housignum Kindos work.
 Yeah, it was between two and three million dollars,
 And as I mentioned, in my prepared remarks,
 We really, it was a bit of a balancing act with inventory where we were trying to run
 it down and you know as self-through picked up at the end you know we did
 have to move quickly and unfortunately resulted in some expedited air freight charges.
 And for the fourth quarter are you expecting
 the
 that to reoccur or have you caught up and you feel like you're in a better place now?
 Yeah, it's a great question.
 I think we're still probably chasing a little bit of demand.
 The one thing that's also kind of impacted us no different than every other company that's
 importing from overseas is just generally freight rates have increased kind of globally.
 And so that's also impacted it, but I think there's probably going to be a little bit
 of that.
 As I mentioned, it's a bit of a balancing act.
 We definitely wanted to be careful,
 given the pandemic and how much inventory we were planning and, you know,
 Unfortunately, or unfortunately, we've seen some upsides,
 which is great, but we've had to chase those.
 So I think we're probably still chasing a little bit,
 which will impact some of our Q4 sales
 And then also, obviously, the spend on freight.
 great.
 to ask if I could really quickly about the tariff situation.
 and now with a Biden presidency.
 I know you've been moving some production out of China.
 Does that change your view on moving production out of China, or how are you thinking about
 this new regime.
 Yeah, I think Matthew doesn't change our strategy.
 Ultimately, we were looking to diversify across our CM base and make sure that we're setting
 the company up for continued business. So we're still following the strategy and we've had
 at a very good quarter where we've now successfully
 They have piloted both screen protection and wireless power outside of China, so it gives
 us that ability to be able to shift our supply chain when needed.
 Obviously China is still a big part of our strategy, but what I like is we're not just
 looking at it from a tired perspective now we're really looking at it from a
 business continuity perspective.
 Great. Thank you both.
 Thanks Matt.
 Thank you once again in order class across turn please press start in the number one on attached on telephone
 Thank you for watching.
 Have a great day.
 Thank you.
 Bye.
 Gentlemen, I'm showing you for the question at this time, I would like to turn the conference back to Mr. Chris in hearing from any closing remarks.
 Thank you. And thank everybody for joining our Q3 earnings report. We look forward to
 update you again on Q4. Have a great evening everyone and stay safe.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you all for joining me.
 for now, I'll disconnect.