Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Bancolombia's third quarter 2021 earnings conference call. My name is Claudia, and I will be your operator for today's call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the prepared remarks, there will be a question and answer session. During the question and answer session, if you have a question, please press star then 1 on your touchtone phone. Please note that this conference is being recorded. Please note that this conference call will include forward-looking statements, including statements related to our future performance, capital position, credit-related expenses, and credit losses. All forward-looking statements, whether made in this conference call, in future filings, in press releases, or verbally, address matters that involve risk and uncertainty. Consequently, there are factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in such statements, including changes in general economic and business conditions, changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates, introduction of competing products by other companies, lack of acceptance of new products or services by our targeted clients, changes in business strategy, and various other factors that we describe in our reports filed with the SEC. With us today is Mr. Juan Carlos Mora, Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Mauricio Rosillo, Chief Corporate Officer, Mr. Jose Humberto Acosta, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Rodrigo Prieto, Chief Risk Officer, Mr. Carlos Radd, Investor Relations Director, and Mr. Juan Pablo Espinoza, Chief Economist. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Juan Carlos Mora, Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Juan Carlos, you may begin. Good morning and welcome to our conference call for the first quarter 2021. I hope all of you and your families are safe and healthy. The Colombian economy continues recovering at a pace better than expected. According to our latest estimates, GDP could grow close to 10% in 2021. And for 2022, we expect a soft landing to a moderate expansion of around 3.6%. The main drivers behind this forecast are the resilient performance of the internal demand, particularly private consumption, which will remain dynamic as more households, especially those in the highest incomes, return to pre-pandemic spending levels. We also expect private investment to recover, exports to accelerate, and the sectors that were severely hit by the pandemic to go back to 2019 levels. All this will partly be compensated by the moderation in global growth and a gradual withdrawal of the fiscal and monetary schemes. The main risks to our view are the uncertainties surrounding the electoral cycle and eventual new waves of COVID-19 cases. This positive trend of the economy is reflected in the balance results, which we consider positive for the first quarter. Given that the trend of a better-than-expected economic recovery not only applies for Colombia, but in all the geographies where we have presence. Before getting to the details, I want to highlight some key topics. The loan book grew 3.3% compared to the previous quarter. Deposits grew 9% during the quarter. Corrected in Tier 1 under full Basel III was 11.8%, and net income for the quarter was 943 billion pesos. Provision charges for the quarter were 514 billion pesos, down 18% when compared with the second quarter of 2021, mainly driven by better economic forecasts and the end of the relief program in Colombia and Panama. Our digital platforms, Neki and Bank Colombia La Mano, continue to grow at a certain pace, adding both 14 million clients and 1.4 trillion pesos in deposits. Digital transactions represent 85% of the total transactions and digital trades 44% of total sales, continuing to grow in our ecosystem strategy after the first year of successful operations. It is already positioned as one of the most relevant in the country with more than 8 million visits. At this point, I want to turn the presentation to Juan Pablo Espinoza, who will further elaborate on the performance of the Colombian economy. Juan Pablo? Thank you, Juan Carlos. Now I will ask you to go to slide number 3 in the presentation. Let me start by saying that traditional analysis has failed to predict and measure accurately the effects that the pandemic has had on the economy. Instead, the development of new ways of understanding economic reality has gained momentum. Most of these advances are based on the use of data. At Bank Colombia, we have been pioneers of this emerging trend in the local financial industry. Our proprietary analytical tools and our large sample of banking transactions allows us to have a comprehensive real-time picture of the state of the Colombian economy. In the first place, our now-casting tracker of overall activity, which follows closely data and official figures, points to a year-end growth in the third quarter of 14.1%, higher than the latest consensus estimate of 9.2%. A significant contributor to this growth is domestic demand, which, according to Bank Colombia's cardholder purchases, has been accelerating in the past few months. For instance, in the first 20 days of October, these transactions grew 20% compared to 2020 and 8% relative to 2019. Moreover, the graph at the bottom left shows that the volume of deposits to corporate banking accounts by sector and firm size relative to pre-pandemic levels. These figures are good at anticipating sectoral performance, and they are signaling that important contributors to GDP, such as retail, manufacturing, and agriculture sectors, expanded at a strong pace in the third quarter. Furthermore, SMEs' revenues are recovering faster than those of large firms. Finally, the number of payrolls payments processed through Bank Colombia's accounts, which is a proxy for formal labor demand, accelerated during the last quarter. This suggests that the labor market is already reacting to the rebounding economic activity. In turn, this would allow an employment rate to decline further towards the end of the year. All in all, our indicators point to a widespread and consistent improvement of the Colombian economy after the disruptions caused by the national strike and the reduction of COVID cases. This bodes well for full-year 2021 growth expectations, which currently stand at 10%. Now, let me turn the presentation back to Juan Carlos. Thank you, Juan Pablo. Moving to slide 4, I want to continue this presentation by explaining the loans and deposits performance. The recovery of the economy has resulted in significant progress in our business. We have experienced an important growth in the number of clients, improved our offer of products and services, and structured our digital strategy. All this is clearly reflected in the performance of loans and deposits. The loan book continued showing a steady growth across the three main sectors, in a dynamic partially supported by the economic recovery that continues to be evident in the disbursements. This trend confirms that the bank overcame the economic shock of the pandemic without relevant implications on its financial stability. Since the beginning of the year, the retail and mortgage segments have shown positive trends, whereas the commercial segment started to improve since the second quarter. Because of the expansionary monetary policy with historically low interest rates, the balance of time deposits decreased over the last 12 months. And this has been compensated with an increase in savings and checking accounts. This has allowed us to reduce the funding cost. However, as the central bank started last month

a rate hiking cycle and the loan book is growing at a better pace, we expect the balance in time deposits to raise again in the same direction of the funding costs. Moving to slide 5, I'm going to elaborate in the evolution of digital sales and distribution channels. During the first nine months of the year, digital sales have represented 0.4% of all sold products. Digital sales have maintained a steady evolution despite the reactivation of traditional channels and the reopening of the economy. This indicates that the customer experience evolution has accelerated during 2021 towards a permanent adoption of digital channels by many of our clients. I would like to point out one of our strengths, the share of processed transactions. On the lower right side chart of the slide, you can notice that Bancolombia processes 47% of all monetary transactions completed via web and 62% of those processed via mobile phones out of all financial institutions in Colombia. Moving to slide 6, I'm going to elaborate about Mecky. As you know, Mecky is our neobank targeting primarily young people and focusing on the way they relate with banks. During this quarter, we added 1.5 million new clients, reaching 8.6 million with a very low acquisition cost. Deposits are nearly 1 trillion pesos and net promoter score continue increasing with high levels of engagement. Remember that we consider an active client, the one interacted at least once a month throughout a monetary transaction. And this is how we leverage the development of our profitability model. Having clients with a low acquisition cost and with a high active user ratio. Mecky cards are growing fast. We have more than doubled the number reported 12 months ago. Notice that we are not only issuing more plastics, the number of transactions and the volume of payments are increasing at a very solid pace, reaching almost three times the figures observed one year ago. Moving to slide seven, you can see some relevant figures of Bancolombia a mano. Unlike other countries in the region, the population in Colombia lives throughout the country in several large, medium and small cities. Bancolombia a mano targets low income individuals. We are acting responsibly towards financial inclusion and education. Through our financial inclusion initiatives, we provide mostly free financial services for people to access savings and credit tools to become financially empowered and improve their quality of lives. Bancolombia a mano have reached almost 6 million clients. The income per client continues increasing. Transactions, especially in payrolls and subsidies, remain high and loans disbursed have tripled over the last year. In slide eight, we present our ESG framework. Our purpose is to promote sustainable economic development to achieve everyone's well-being. Therefore, we provide financial and non-financial solutions to strengthen the productive network of our countries, create sustainable cities and communities and promote financial inclusion. This commitment is aligned in the global agenda, which is to comply with the UN Sustainable Development Goals designed to achieve more prosperous societies and protect the planet. On the three fronts of action in which we believe we can promote our purpose, we have already disbursed during this year 26 trillion pesos, which represents more than 20% of total disbursements. Now, I want to turn the presentation to Jose Humberto Acosta. Jose? Thank you, Juan Carlos. Now, turning to slide nine, I want to walk you through the evolution of the relief program. Pre-reliefs continue decreasing. We are gradually returning to normal. This quarter, relief programs in Colombia and Panama finished. During the upcoming quarters, it will be key to follow the evolution of deterioration, restructured loans, and charge-offs. Considering the geographies where the bank operates, our focus is Panama. The percentage of reliefs is decreasing gradually, but it is still 20% of the loan book coming from 26% in the previous quarter. Unlike the other countries in where we operate, Panama maintained the relief program until September 30. This situation required Banismo to allocate considerable resources to reach definitive agreements with clients that were under some relief scheme during this quarter. As a result of this, at the end of September, only 5% of the loans under relief did not have a definitive arrangement. The other 15% of the loans under relief already has a structured solution, and if they meet the requirements, they will be transferred to the normal loan portfolio. On this slide, you can notice not only the percentage of the loan book that is under relief, but also its composition by segment and stages. On a consolidated basis, 6% of the loan book continues under relief. They are, in turn, divided into 50% for commercial, 21% for retail, and 29% for mortgages. Its composition by stages is as follows. 45% in stage 1, 42% in stage 2, and 12% in stage 3. In slide 10, we present the breakdown of provisions during the quarter. Provision charges for the third quarter were 514 billion pesos. As we did in previous quarters, we want to explain the breakdown. This quarter has the lowest provision charges since the pandemic began, confirming the trend we observed in the first half of the year. As you can notice, in the lower part of the slide, we made a sum of COVID-19 and parameters obtained, which are the main drivers behind these results. With the end of the relief programs in Colombia and Panama, and the expiration of the 94% of the reliefs we granted to our clients, we have been able to gather more and better information that allowed us to improve the methodologies under which we build provisions. During this quarter, we have managed to reach final agreements with clients. Therefore, as they comply with what has been agreed, we will release provisions. This together with a better forecast of economic parameters have generated a release of the balance of previous periods. Specific provisions grew during the quarter due to the default of corporate clients of the construction sector in Colombia. Moving to slide 11, we give you a snapshot of provisions in mass quality. Cost of risk for the quarter was 1%, and for the last 12 months was 2.2%, reflecting the good pace of recovery of our clients. If this trend continues for the last quarter, it is possible that cost of risk for this year may be better than the guidance we gave in the second quarter of 2.3%. During this year, charge-offs have increased, exceeding the levels of 2020. This has two important impacts. First, it reduces the balance of the loan portfolio, and second, it helps reduce the level of bad loans. We maintain solid coverage for 30 and 90 days that allow us to handle the following periods of possible deterioration. On slide 12, we present the consolidated and standalone capital adequacy. Consolidated total solidification ratio stands at a level of 15.3%, while CET1 at 11.8% under full Basel III for the third quarter. These ratios are well above the minimum regulatory requirements, not only in a consolidated basis, but in the standalone operation. The growth of the shareholders' equity takes place because of the good results of this year. We consider that the leverage of the bank is in optimal levels, given the current balance sheet risk and asset growth expectations. We have enough capital to support the loan book growth in the upcoming years. On slide 13, we present the liquidity position of the bank. In a consolidated basis, we continue operating with a sufficient level of liquidity. As of this quarter, savings and checking accounts represent 56% of funding structure. This increase has been compensated with a decrease in time deposits and credits with correspondent banks. As we have mentioned during the call, the economic activity and the loan book are showing better trends quarter by quarter. So we expect to gradually increase the balance in time deposits to support this growth.

As a result, and with the expected hikes from the central bank, the cost of deposits may increase. On slide 14, we present a snapshot of our standalone operations. In general terms, the trend throughout the different geographies operated by Bancolombia was similar. Stable margins, steady growth of the loan book, increase of expenses, and decreasing provision charges. Over the last years, the trend in the main metrics of the standalone operations is positive. The Central American operations represent 28% of assets, but 32% of net income. Now, I want to give you a quick overview of each of the Central American countries where we operate. Let's start with Bancolombia in Guatemala. This quarter, the growth of the portfolio was driven by the consumer portfolio, which reflects the bank's strategy to increase the share in the retail segment within the total portfolio mix. Commercial and mortgages also had a good performance during the quarter. Provision charges show a recovery thanks to the improvements in the rating commercial clients and in specific provisions. Banco Agrícola in El Salvador continue to consolidate the portfolio growth that is boosting Merck's recovery. At an accumulated basis, the portfolio grows both in retail and in commercial segments, responding to the dynamics of economic recovery that the country is experiencing, and which is also reflected in a solid recovery of fee income. Finally, Banismo. The positive dynamics of loan disbursement evidenced during the second quarter contained and consolidated in the third quarter, driven by retail loans and the reactivation of the demand from corporate clients. Banismo has leveraged its deposit growth strategy in its renewed digital assets, making possible not only relevant increase, but also a change in the funding mix, where saving and checking accounts are playing a share, improving the funding cost. The bank continues overperforming its local peers regarding loans and deposits growth. On slide 15, we see the evolution of margins and net interest income. Net interest margin remains stable in the 5% area as we were expecting. The rate hiking cycle started in September, and we expect the reference rate to close 2022 in 4.25%. This is going to be positive for margins, but will be reflecting the first couple of quarters of next year. Net interest income continued with the steady pace of growth, gradually overcoming 2019 figures. This was mainly driven by the reduction in the funding cost. We continue using the liquidity in a more efficient way, as the dynamic of this development improves. Slide 16 shows the evolution of expenses and efficiency. Personal expenses, excluding variable compensation, increased 1% in accumulated figures year to date, whereas administrative expenses grew 5%. As a result, operating expenses as of September are 9% up when compared with the same period of 2020. The driver for expansion in expenses for 2021 is the pace of investment related to digital transformation. Slide 17 shows the evolution of fees. Net fees continue to be one of the most resilient lines of the P&L, growing over 10% year to date. Payments and collections, as well as banking services, have added to their strong performance, although fees from debit, credit cards, and commercial establishments is the line with the largest contributions, thanks to the increase in the volume of transactions and the use of digital channels. Slide 18 shows the profitability metrics. During the pre-first quarter of this year, we have delivered material year-on-year earnings growth, maintaining the pace of investment in digital transformation. Net income for the quarter was $943 billion, and return on equity stood at a level of 12.7%. Even though provision charges were the main driver of this result, I want to highlight the good performance of the other lines of the P&L in the middle of such a challenging situation. Stable margins, steady growth of NII, and the fast recovery of fee income. Finally, it is worth mentioning the impact of the tax reform in Colombia, which implied the calculation of deferred tax, by generating an additional provision of $149 billion. Now, I want to turn the presentation to Juan Carlos for the closing remarks. Juan? Thank you, Jose. We are getting back to normal faster than expected. This quarter, we were positively surprised with the bank's results. The country and its economy are doing better. Our clients too. And Bancolombia is ready to support them with a strong balance sheet, liquidity, products, and services. We are looking forward to seeing you all in our virtual Investor Day next week, where we will elaborate in a detailed way about our digital strategy. After elaborating on these key topics, we want to open the line for questions. Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session. If you have a question, please press star then 1 on your touchstone phone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, please press star then 2. If you are using a speakerphone, you may need to pick up the handset before pressing any keys. Once again, if you have a question, please press star then 1 on your telephone. Our first question is from Yuri Fernandez with JP Morgan. Please go ahead. Hello, good morning. Congrats on the results and thank you for the opportunity of asking questions. I have the first one regarding the asset quality outlook for 2022. You already provided some color in the call, but I guess the indicators were good for the quarter, right? And we were concerned with Panama. Panama data was okay. So my question is what should we expect for asset quality? Is the worst behind? Like what should be, you know, like the normalized level of losses for the next year? And I have a second question regarding your digital initiatives. I guess Naki is a very good platform, like when we look to the KPIs, number of users, ratings, Google Trends, you know, you name it. But we are starting to see some peers entering the Colombian market, like some fintechs, some big ones. So just like a high-level view from you, how do you see this competition evolving in Colombia with so many players coming? What are the challenges in the market? What are you doing to prepare the company for those new guys? Thank you. Thank you, Yuri, for your questions. Your first one regarding asset quality and what to expect for 2022. Let me start by saying that we are in the process of normalizing the provision charges. So the fourth quarter was not normal, was very low. We expect the fourth quarter to have some non-recurring charges. So we will end the cost of risk for 2021 around 2 to 1.2. As of 2022, we expect to go towards a long-term cost of risk of Bancolombia, which should be around 1.8, 1.9. You mentioned Panama and Banismo. But even though that we expect the cycle of normalization in Panama to be a little bit longer, the other operations should perform more in line with what we expect is going to be the cost of risk, the long-term cost of risk, which, as I said, should be around 1.8, 1.9 percent. Your second question, digital strategy and new competitors entering to the Colombian market. We've been preparing for this for a long time. You mentioned Neki. We started Neki in 2015. And now I think we have a platform that is prepared to compete face-to-face with all the new fintech entrants to the market. But it's not just Neki. What we have been doing in Bancolombia is preparing for this competition in terms of what are our products offerings and how we can develop and evolve our products to compete in the market. Remember that Colombia has regulated interest rates. We have a cap on interest rates, which is not the case in other countries. So competing in the Colombian market through interest rates is difficult due to the cap. And to reach individuals is not that easy because the interest rate

cuts not allow that. On the other hand, we are also prepared to compete on the evolution of fees regarding particularly the process of credit cards. As I mentioned, we have been preparing for this for a long time, diversifying our source of income. Competition is going to be hard, we have no doubts about it, but I think we have been prepared for this for a long time. Thank you. Our next question is from Andres Soto with Santander. Please go ahead. Good morning, thank you for the presentation. My first question is a follow-up regarding cost of risk. I understand the guidance for the year is 2% and 2.1%, and that looks still pretty conservative considering that during the first nine months of the year, you are at around 1.6%. So that implies 2.5% cost of risk for the fourth quarter. And when I look at your numbers for this year, the quarter, sorry, and I normalize the cost of risk by the provision releases that you had, apparently what you should have had is at around 1.5%. So I would like to understand why are you still conservative about the cost of risk expectation for the rest of this year. Thank you, Andres. Let me elaborate a little bit more on the cost of risk and what we expect. If we analyze the cost of risk for the last 12 months, it's 2.2%. And I know we have the fourth quarter of 2020 in that calculation, which was pretty high. But what we are expecting for the fourth quarter of 2021, there are some issues that are going to release some provision. For example, we need to assess if we need to recalculate the growth of the economy in order to introduce that number to the models. But also in a more normalized way, the fact one is going to reflect the real situation of the economy in the sense of how clients are really up. We have also Panama. Remember that the moratorium ended September 30th in Panama. So fourth quarter is going to be probably high in provisions from Panama, which we need to incorporate on that balance sheet. So the fourth quarter is going to be a mix of provision releases and also we need to add provisions. So that's why we have been conservative in the sense that provision charges or the cost of risk, I'm sorry, for the whole year should be around 2%. It could be less. It depends at the end on the performance of the clients during the fourth quarter, in which, as I said, it is more normalized and we start to see all those customers that we restructured, how are going to pay. So maybe we are a little bit conservative, but that's because there's still uncertainty on how the fourth quarter is going to be in terms of payments of our clients. Okay, Juan Carlos. My second question is regarding your loan growth expectations for 2022. You say that you are expecting a GDP growth for Colombia of 3.6%. So I would like to see what are your thoughts in terms of how this translates in terms of loan growth next year. And based on this and your current capitalization ratios, how do you feel about your current dividend distribution? Sure, Andres. As you mentioned, we are expecting the GDP to grow around 3.6%, 3.7% next year. So that will allow us to have a loan growth around 10% for the year. And regarding distribution, we saw the second half of this year with the growth of retail loans and also in the third quarter, commercial loans started to pick up again, out to grow. So regarding distribution, we are very focused on SMEs and we expect that segment to grow faster. And those are commercial loans, even though they perform more like retail loans in terms of risk, but also in terms of the income that they generate. So we don't expect a dramatic change in distribution of the loan book in terms of commercial and retail loans. Retail loans could grow a little bit higher, but as I said, it's not going to affect dramatically the distribution of the loan book. Just to clarify, what I meant by distribution was dividends distribution. If you expect, given your current capitalization ratios, you expect, yeah, thank you. I am so sorry. I'm sorry. I thought you were talking about the distribution of the, I'm sorry, I'm going to talk about dividends. Sorry. Dividends, let me say this. We have a clear policy of dividend distribution. Dividend distribution has been around 30% to 50% during many years. And we are expecting that policy to continue. We will make a present proposal to the board of directors and then to the shareholders meeting. But we will present a proposal that is going to be probably in line with our long-term policy, which as I said is 50% of the net income of Colombia, usually, because that's the one that distributes dividends. Great. Thank you for your answers, Juan Carlos, and congratulations on the results. Thank you, Andres. Our next question is from Jorge Cury with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for the call. I hope everyone's doing great. I wanted to ask two questions. One is on expenses for the quarter. They were up a lot quarter on quarter and year on year. And wanted to hear from you if there were some extraordinary items there or you brought forward some of expenses in the fourth quarter and what the expectation is for the full year and for next year. And then on net interest margins, you sort of alluded to rising rates and that having a positive impact on margins. I wanted to see if you could maybe quantify what do you think your margins will be next year given the normalized level of benchmark interest rates. Thank you. Thank you, Jorge. First one, expenses. To analyze expenses, we need to take into account several items. First, labor costs. Labor costs or expenses are growing around 1%. So they are pretty much under control. We have the bonuses, the variable compensation, which is growing a lot. Since we didn't have variable compensation or we didn't register variable compensation during 2020. So the comparison is showing a very high number on that. On general expenses, we have some extraordinary issues related to digital transformation, but also those depreciations related to our printing bills. So for the year, we will see numbers close to the figure that we have now, 9.7% growth. But let me tell you something else. We have in Colombia inflation that is close to 5%. Also we have a peso depreciation, which has been close to 11%. So the pressure on costs from that part is there and it's one-off in terms of that is affecting this for. So we are not going to see a performance in terms of expenses that is going to be very good during this year due to those extraordinary issues. We will keep our

program in cost control and the measures are what we are doing. And we expect to see the effects during 2022. So, don't have our explanation. If we compare, for example, the 19 expenses until September and the 21 expenses, the growth is less than 7% still, because we have some issues regarding, as I mentioned before, the performance, but a more normalized way, the 2020, it's a year that affects the changes in expenses. It was a very, very strange year. Hello? Regarding me, I will pass this question to Elia Rete to elaborate on minutes and rates as we have been discussing on rates at the end. Thank you, Juan. Regarding NIM, Jorge, as you can see, we were able this year to sustain the NIM at a level of 5%. And this is basically and mostly because of the reducing of expenses of the interest rate because of our deposit base. Next year, our sensitivity is for every 100 basis points that change the central bank, our sensitivity will be at around 8 bits. That means that we are going to see an expansion of the NIM beginning the second quarter of next year. And maybe we are going to, if the interest rate at the end of the year closes at a level of 4.5% to 5%, maybe you are going to see an expansion of NIM in between 40 to 50 basis points or even more in our NIM portfolio. Remember that our NIM is composed by lending NIM for the portfolio, which is 5.6, and securities NIM, that is 0.8, and the proportion is 80-20%. Thanks. Thanks, everyone. Bye-bye. We won't start seeing the effect of the tax on the rates in the next year, I think, second quarter, third quarter of next year. Thanks again. Our next question is from Ernesto Gabilondo with Bank of America. Please go ahead. Hi. Good morning, Juan Carlos, with Humberto, Carlos, and good morning to all your team. Thanks for the presentation and for the opportunity. I have three questions from my side. The first one is on the political landscape. We continue to see Pedro leading in the presidential polls, so I would appreciate if you can share with us what have you been hearing from his proposals. I don't know what have you been hearing if he's planning to implement higher taxes or banking fees. Anything from what you have shared I think will be very helpful. And then my second question is on NEKI. We have seen the rest of the region developing digital banks and willing to do spin-offs at some point. So considering that you already have a good number of clients and that you're starting to become profitable, what else do you need to consider for a potential spin-off and a listing of NEKI? And then my last question is on your effective tax rate. We think it was high during the quarter considering the new tax reform. So how should we think about effective tax rate for the last quarter and next year? Thank you. Thank you, Ernesto. I'm going to take the first two questions and I'm going to pass the third one regarding effective tax rate to Mr. Humberto. Political landscape. It's still early. We will have our first round on May, the presidential election. And we have a lot of candidates. So the political landscape is not clear at this point. Regarding the candidates that is leading polls, he has been around for a long time. He was the mayor of Bogota. So he has been known for a long time, as I mentioned. Regarding concrete proposals, we haven't seen yet something concrete. There are some comments, some tricks around some issues. But as I mentioned, it's still early to see what are the concrete proposals and what is going to be the platform that he or any other candidate are going to use to present his name to the voters. So I'm going to say, Ernesto, that we need to wait and see. As you know, we have two rounds in Colombia. So there is going to be the first one in which there is going to be probably some candidates, probably, I don't know the number, but it will be a high number. And then we will have the final round between two candidates. I think we need to wait until next year to see a clear view of the proposals they are going to present. Regarding Neki, we are, as you mentioned, we have a platform that is now growing at a very good pace. We have close to nine million users with a very effective or clients that use the platform. So what we are doing, we are considering when is the right time to start a spin-off. We need to review the regulatory issues and cover what type of license I'm going to apply for. So there are many issues. We are still in the early stages to analyze if that is a good move for us. And the third question, I will pass it to Oswaldo. Thank you, Juan. Ernesto, as you mentioned, this is a one-off. And this is because of your recalculation of the deferred taxes. And we are expecting at the end of the year the taxation for Bank of Colombia for the entire group will be 32% at the end of the year. We are expecting next year, because of the tax reform, we are going to get the level of 34%, 35%. And the 32% of this year at the end of December is explained mainly because the main source of net income comes from the Bank of Colombia, in which we have the higher statutory tax. Our next question is from Tito Labarta with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Just two quick follow-ups, actually. First, following up on the expenses, in terms of the efficiency ratio, given the growth in expenses, but how do we think about that efficiency going forward and given the investments you're doing? Could it be some cost savings with the digital initiatives, or is that the expense is going to be sort of higher initially? So I think about the evolution of that efficiency ratio. And then just follow up quickly on the tax rate. Did the tax rate just go up roughly 5% for next year, given the new tax rate? So it should be like around 35% or so, I guess, in Colombia, offset by the lower tax rates in the other countries, just to confirm for next year how that tax rate should be. Thank you. Thank you, Tito. Expenses and efficiency ratio. Efficiency ratio this year is going to be a little bit above 50%, which is our target. So we expect the efficiency ratio to go below 50% next year. And you mentioned our digital strategy and digital investments that should add efficiency to our operations. So as I mentioned earlier, this is not a good year to analyze expenses, since we have some extraordinary issues around the expenses. So we expect next year to be more normal, and we will return to our path of having efficiency ratios below 50% and looking more to mid-40s in the midterm, which is our goal. Regarding

tax rates. The effective tax rates for 2021 for the group should be around 32%. And this is mainly by Colombia, in which, as you know, we have a tax reform. So we need to calculate the deferred taxes on this year. And we have a special effect on 2021. After 2021, we will have the full effect of the tax reform, the Colombian tax reform, that will increase our effective tax rate close to 34%, mainly driven again by Colombia. I don't know if José Alberto would like to add something to this answer. No, Juan, that is very clear. Next year, 30 to 38%, including the special tax that you mentioned. That is clear. Okay, so just to clarify, so for next year, around 34% in Colombia, and then I guess we have lower tax rates in the other countries, right? So the consolidated tax rate would be more or less? In Colombia, next year will be 35%, plus the 3% additional that will be maintained until 2025. In Guatemala and Panama, the taxation will be 25%. So people to clarify, the effective tax rate for the whole group for 2022 should be around 34%. Okay, I understand. Thank you very much. Our next question is from Olavo Artudo with UBS. Please go ahead. Thank you, Jose. Thank you, Carlos. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to understand more about the digital initiatives of the bank in Latin America. So in a few words, I would like to know what is the profile of these clients? I mean, how much of them are low or high income? I know the focus of La Mala is targeted to low-income individuals. How many have already a current account at Bank Colombia? What are the products or services these clients usually demand? So it's basically it. Thank you. Thank you, Olavo. I have some difficulties here, but I will try to answer your questions. Regarding the profile of Mecky and Bank Colombia La Mano clients, let me say this. The clients of Mecky are mainly young adults between 18 and 35, which are usually not clients of banks. So they are having their first banking relation with us. And they are using Mecky as a savings account and also as a platform to do some payments, some transfers. And now we are introducing loans on the Mecky platform. And let me say that we have, in the case of Mecky, 40% of the clients of Mecky are also clients of Bank Colombia, 60%, 6-0, are just clients of Mecky. And that allows us to have a very good mix and to know and to understand very well those clients. In the case of Bank Colombia La Mano, in which we have close to 6 million clients, those are more clients in rural areas where they have access to banking services through our platform and also use the banking agents that we have throughout the country, more than 21,000, to do the cash-in and cash-out. So it's a way of covering with these two platforms a big part of the population. And those numbers are. So we have close to 9 million customers in Mecky and close to 6 million customers on Bank Colombia La Mano. So it's sort of 15 million customers in both platforms. And it cannot be in the two platforms. Either you are in Mecky or you are in Bank Colombia La Mano. In the case of Bank Colombia La Mano, now we have more than 300,000 clients that already have credit. So Bank Colombia La Mano, it's now a platform in which clients could access to credit. And both numbers will increase. So that's the power of the clients of both platforms. Okay, nothing very clear. But just to follow up on this topic, I just wanted to hear from you, given the digital initiatives of other banks, I just wanted to hear from you what is the main competitors of Bank Colombia just in terms of these digital initiatives. Let me see if I got the question right. The digital competition, now we have a very different participants. We have some traditional banks that as ourselves move quickly to have a digital platform. And we are competing and we are really active or giving options to clients and to the market. And we are gaining market share. Those are the traditional banks, which are basically two. We are basically two banks in this industry. And then we have FinTechs and other participants. We have some other platforms that are entering through credit cards. And they are some offerings around credit cards on digital platforms. And that market will increase competition during the next year for sure. And there are other participants offering credit, but they are not very big now. So what we think is that since we started six years ago now, and we now have a base of clients that we speak enough, we've gained advantage of that and keep offering new products to those clients. So competition will increase for sure, but we think we are very prepared to take advantage of what we have in this market. Okay, this was very clear. Thank you, Jose. Thank you, Carlos, again. Thank you. Our next question is from Jorge Friedman with Citibank. Please go ahead. Thank you very much. Can you hear me well because I'm with your phones? Yes, I can hear you well. Thank you, Jose Alberto. Thank you. So, hello, everyone. Congratulations on the results. And I have just a couple of follow-ups as well. Initially, if you could just clarify and give us a bit more granularity about the reasons for the deferred tax readjustments causing a negative impact in this quarter. And I explain why my question. The point is that when the taxation increased in Brazil, at least, we revaluated the tax credit stock, appreciating that stock. And this caused actually a positive effect, a positive effect in the quarter when the banks revaluated upwards their stocks of tax credits. Not sure if, in your case, you had tax liabilities and that was why you ended up having higher deferred tax, not lower. So this is the first question, just a clarification on what really caused the impact that you had tax liability.

or tax credits, tax assets. And the second question, just to follow up here on the digital initiatives. When I look into NEKI and La Mano, it's interesting because you are evolving well in both, but some of the KPIs differ quite substantially. For instance, you are at 65% of active users in NEKI versus 55% one year ago. When you look into La Mano, it's much lower, just 41%. And this has not really increased versus last year, which was at 40%. The same happens to NPS. NEKI has approximately 81 in the case of La Mano, you have 64. So just wondering what you are seeing in terms of challenges for La Mano for you not to achieve the same KPIs versus what you are achieving already at NEKI. Thank you. Thank you, Jock. Let me take your second question and we will ask Consumer Market your first one related to deferred taxes and why was the negative impact. NEKI and Banco Colombia La Mano are two different platforms. NEKI is a new bank and even though it's under the umbrella of Banco Colombia, it's separate in terms of how it relates with customers. Pardon me, just hold the line one moment while we reconnect. I think Juan is having some issues regarding the call. Let me answer your second question meanwhile Juan is reconnected again. You are right and in terms of deferred tax, when we recalculate deferred tax based on the new tax reform, we have three elements. The loan portfolio, the bonds, both as you mentioned cause a positive effect on the deferred, but there is another element which is the goodwill. In the case of goodwill because we have 8 billion pesos in goodwill, it is the other way around and that's the reason why it affects our taxation and you can see the 38% taxation this quarter. But this is because of the combination of these three factors. The first two, loans and bonds are positive as you mentioned, but the third element which is bigger than the other two, it is affecting in a negative way. That explains why the tax increased. Perfect, very clear. Thank you very much. No, no, no, my pleasure. Juan, you can continue with the question regarding that. I don't believe we have him back just for a moment. Okay, I think Juan is having again some issues. Complementing the answer of Juan as in the previous question, we have two different profiles in NEKI and now La Mano and there are big differences. First, NEKI is more oriented to people who live in the cities and now La Mano is more oriented to people who live in small towns. So we complement the offer. The challenge is how we are able to maintain the activity for the first 30 days. And we feel proud saying that we have very positive numbers in both. And the reason is because we are using not only to receive, for example, in the case of low-income population, different subsidies, but also because they are actively using for transactional way. Juan, you can continue with the answer. Now you are connected. Thank you, Jose. I am sorry I disconnected from the call. I was answering York and those are different platforms, as I mentioned. So NEKI is more neobank, it's not related to banks, it's different products. And Banco Colombia La Mano is an offering from a bank and targeting lower income individuals with less education. So we have more challenges there. The 55 active users that you mentioned in Banco Colombia La Mano is not a bad number. I think it's actually pretty good compared with other platforms. And we are measuring this as one month activity. An activity is a monetary transaction. It's not just entering the platform to consult the balance of the product. It's more transactional. So 55 in NEKI is better because we have better results in NEKI. And the NPS that you mentioned, 64 compared to 81, 64 is not bad. The point is that 81 is extraordinarily good in case of NEKI. So we have challenges to keep evolving the Banco Colombia La Mano platform, but we are very comfortable with those two strategies. And as I mentioned in an answer before, those clients are at the end. So it's total of close to 15 million clients in these two platforms that are accessing financial products in a very simple way and accessing also the physical channels of Banco Colombia, which is a big advantage. So the customers of both platforms have access to the ATM network, Banco Colombia's ATM network, also the banking agent network, which I mentioned is more than 21,000 bank agents around the country. That's perfect, Juan. Thank you very much for the answers. Thank you, George. Our next question is from Carlos Gomez, which is from HSBC New York. Please go ahead. Thank you for taking the question and for extending the call. I'm going to come back to the tax issue. I know we are debating it today, but just to clarify the last thing that you mentioned. You have the positive impact for loans and for bonds. You had a negative for goodwill. But coming back to what York asked, if in the future we have a reduction in the effective tax rate, should we expect a negative impact in your results in the short term because of the reversal of what you did today? And the second is when we go to next year or the year after, once we normalize your credit provisions, and given how your business is set up today and the tax rates that we have, what, again, is the sustainable ROE that you think the bank can produce? Thank you. Thank you, Carlos. I will take the second question regarding the sustainable ROE. We think that the midterm ROE of Bank Colombia should be around 14% and 15%. That's our target. And we think we could achieve that in 2023. Still, 2022 will be a year in which we need to do some additional adjustments. It's going to be lower double digits, ROE, and 2023 should be the year in which we reach that midterm ROE, closer to 13% and 15%. Jose, could you take Carlos' first question regarding the clarification around taxes? Yes, Juan. Yes, Carlos. As you mentioned, this is a one-off. It is affecting the third quarter tax. And again, at the end of the year, we will expect the 32%. And yes, next year we will expect the 34%, 35% tax. And also, obviously, it will affect the profitability because we were not expecting that increase in taxation. But again, this is a one-off, and you are not going to see a recalculation of that next year, assuming that the third tax will maintain the same 35%. I don't know if that answers the question, Carlos. No, the question is if in the future there is yet another tax reform. You usually have one every two years. And this time the tax rate goes down. If the tax rate goes down, we should expect a one-off negative impact, right? Correct. That's correct. If the taxation comes down, the recalculation of goodwill will affect in a different way, as you mentioned.

That's correct. Okay, thank you. And if I can follow up on the ROE question. For this year, you had a very specific outlook when we were talking at the end of 2020. And you were quite downbeat. You were expecting 6% to 8%. In the end, you are going to report a much better number. Is it mostly the asset quality or other factors now looking back at most of the year is gone? Are there other factors that have made this year better than you feared initially? Carlos, it's mainly driven by asset quality. It was better than we expected. But I would like to highlight that all lines, effect expenses of the bank are doing very well. Net interest income with the pressure that we had on margins and on interest rates. We can handle that through the cost of funds. Then the fees are performing well. So it's driven mainly by asset quality, which is going through or it's towards a normalized number. But we had a very challenging period during the 2020 and even 2021. The bank and fees and net interest margins, net interest income performed well. That's clear. Thank you so much. Thank you. Our next question is from Jason Malin with Scotiabank. Please go ahead. Hi, thank you very much for the opportunity to ask questions from Carlos, Samberto. I have a follow-up on the digital efforts on Neki and Banco Colombia La Mano. I mean, we're seeing this very rapid growth, for instance, in Neki, the number of users in the quarter alone from 7.1 million to 8.6 million. And then on Banco Colombia La Mano from 5.4 million to 5.7. And you're showing, which is very interesting, the customer acquisition costs of 33 cents at Neki and 36 cents at Banco Colombia La Mano. If you can talk a little bit about how you're driving this growth in clients and what is incorporated in that acquisition cost. And is that something that, in many ways, I think you could say it looks very low, but just how you view that. Could it be lower? Could it be higher? How should we think of that going forward? Thank you. Thank you, Jason. As you mentioned, figures or numbers are very good on our digital platforms. And the growth that we are seeing is very positive. And I'd like to highlight that that growth is because what we are offering is really useful for the people that it's applying to this platform. It's very easy to be a client of one of these platforms. And once you are a client, you can just sign in five minutes. And what you need is your identity number and two or three more data. And so that explains why. And what is happening is that we are creating a network that means that we already have the numbers and the connection with Banco Colombia. So people are really seeing that it's useful for them to have access to cash through our Banco Colombia network. So at the end, it's a combination of a very good platform with easy to use products with the power of the Banco Colombia networks, ATMs and also banking agents, which allow cash in and cash out in a very easy way, a very convenient way, and all around the country. So that's also a way to transfer money, to do payments. We are also integrating in our QR strategy, QR payments strategy with Banco Colombia. So you can use both platforms, Neki and Banco Colombia La Mano, to do payments with QR in a way that allows to use your money in a very convenient way. Regarding acquisition costs, we already invest in the technology and marketing around acquiring customers. And this number of clients is also very efficient. So we are including the direct costs of marketing in that acquisition cost. We don't expect that number to go lower or higher. We think we are in a figure that is very good, and we will continue seeing that figure in the future. Can you remind us again for Neki and Banco Colombia La Mano, what percentage of the clients are new to the banking sector or already clients of Banco Colombia? Just to get a sense of if that acquisition cost converting a client at Banco Colombia into Neki, or how should we think about that? Yes, Jason. 60% of the clients are new clients for Banco Colombia in the case of Neki. 40%, four zero, are clients that are also clients of Banco Colombia. So 60% are new clients. And this also we are leveraging this because that 40% that are common clients with Banco Colombia, we have a lot of information about them. Meaning that we can use analytics to really access those clients with loans offers. So it's a combination, and that 60% are new. So that's the combination that we have. In the case of Banco Colombia La Mano, the overlap is a little bit higher. But many, many of around 45% of the clients are new for the banking systems. And they are using Banco Colombia La Mano as their main financial services platform. Thank you. Very helpful. Thank you, Jason. This concludes the time allocated for questions on today's call. I would now like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks. Thank you, everybody, for your participation on Banco Colombia's third quarter conference call. It has been a quarter in which we have good results. We will see how the year ends with the fourth quarter. We are positive that even though we will have some specific issues related to provisions, it will be at the end a good 2021. So thank you, everybody, and I hope to see you on our next conference call in which we will present the 2021 results. Have a good day, everybody. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines. Thank you for participating and have a pleasant day.

