 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to BanColombia's third quarter 2021 earnings conference call.
 My name is Claudia, and I will be your operator for today's call.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 following the prepared remarks
 there will be a question and answer session.
 During the question and answer session, if you have a question, please press star then 1 on your touchtone phone.
 Please note that this conference is being recorded.
 Please note that this conference call will include four
 looking statements.
 including statements related to our future performance, capital position, credit related expenses and credit losses.
 all photo-looking statements, whether made in this conference call,
 in future filings, in press releases, or verbally, address matters that involve risk and uncertainty.
 Consequently, there are factors that could cause
 action.
 results to differ materially from those indicated in such statements, including
 changes in general economic and business conditions, changes in currency exchange rates and interest
 rates.
 And that is the reason why this is a very important question.
 production of competing products by other companies
 Lack of acceptance of new products or services by our targeted clients.
 changes in business strategy, and various other factors that we describe in our reports
 filed with this SEC.
 With us today is Mr. Juan Carlos Mora, Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Mauricio Rosillo, Chief
 Corporate Officer, Mr. Jose Humberto Acosta, Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Rodrigo Prieto,
 Chief Risk Officer
 Mr.
 Carlos Rudd, Investor Relations Director, and Mr. Juan Pablos Espinosa, Chief Economist.
 I will now turn the call over to Mr. Juan Carlos Mora, Chief Executive Officer.
 Mr. Juan Carlos, you may begin.
 Good morning and welcome to our conference call for the
 and for the
 2021.
 Thank you.
 I HOPE ALL OF YOU AND YOUR FAMILIES ARE SAFE AND HEALTHY.
 The Colombian economy continues recovering at a phase
 per al respecto.
 According to our latest estimates, GDP could grow close to 10% in 2021.
 And for 2022, we expect a soft landing to a moderate expansion of around 3.6%.
 The main drivers behind this forecast are the resilient performance of the
 and demand, particularly private
 consumption.
 which will remain as more household, especially those with the highest incomes
 in terms of pre-COVID spending levels.
 We also expect private investment to recover.
 Exports to accelerate and the sectors that were severely hit by the pandemic to go back
 to 2019 levels.
 All this is partly compensated by the moderation in global growth and a gradual withdrawal of the fiscal and monetary skills.
 The main risks, to our view, are the uncertainties surrounding the electoral cycle, and eventually
 There are new waves of COVID-19 cases.
 This positive trend of the economy is reflected in the bank's results, which we consider
 positive for the first work.
 We think that the trend of a better than expected economic recovery not only applies for Colombia,
 but in all the geographies where we have presence.
 Before getting into the details, I want to highlight some key topics.
 The long book yields 3.3% compared in the blue score.
 Let's see.
 We moved 90% during the quarter.
 collectivity tier 1
 on the four button three
 was 11.8%.
 and the net income for the caller was $943 billion.
 So we can charge us for the quarter with 514 billion pesos.
 down 18% when we compare with the second quarter of 2021.
 mainly driven by better economic forecasts and the end of this program in Colombia and Panama.
 Our digital platforms.
 Neki and Bancadón de la Mano continue to grow at a solid pace.
 adding both 14 million clients and 1.4 trillion pesos in deposits.
 Digital transactions represent 85% of the total transactions, and digital sales, 44% of total sales.
 We continue to grow in our ecosystem strategies after the first year of successful operations.
 We call grading position as one of the most
 relevant in the country, with more than 8 million issues.
 AT THIS POINT, I WANT TO TURN THE PRESENTATIONS TO
 who will further elaborate on the performance of the Colombian economy.
 Thank you, Juan Carlos.
 Now, I will ask you to go to slide number three in the presentation.
 Let me start by saying that traditional analysis has failed to predict and measure accurately
 the effects that the pandemic has had on the economy.
 Instead, the development of new ways of understanding the economic reality has gained momentum.
 Most of these advances are based on the use of data at BanColombia.
 We have been pioneers of this emerging trend in the local financial industry.
 Our proprietary analytical tools and our large sample of banking transactions allows us to
 have a comprehensive real-time picture of the state of the Colombian economy.
 In the first place, our now casting tracker of overall activity, which follows closely
 feedback.
 official figures points to a year-end growth in the third quarter of 14.1%, higher than
 The latest consensus estimate of 9.2%.
 A significant contributor to this growth is domestic demand, which, according to Ban
 Colombia's cardholder purchases has been accelerating in the past few months.
 For instance, in the first 20 days of October,
 these transactions grew 20% compared to 2020 and 8% relative to 2019. Moreover, the graph at the
 bottom left shows that the volume of deposits to corporate banking accounts by
 sector and firm size relative to pre-pandemic levels.
 These figures are good at anticipating sector of performance.
 And they are signaling that important contributors to GDP, such as retail, manufacturing, and agriculture sectors,
 expanded
 at a strong pace in the third quarter.
 Furthermore, SME's revenues are recovering faster than those of large firms.
 Finally, the number of payrolls payments processed through BanColombia's accounts,
 which is a proxy for formal labor demand accelerated during the last quarter.
 This suggests that the labor market is already reacting to the rebounding economic activity.
 in turn
 this
 would allow unemployment rate to decline further towards the end of the year.
 All in all, our indicators point to a widespread and consistent improvement of the Colombian
 economy after the disruptions caused by the national strike and the reduction of COVID cases.
 This bought well for full year 2021 growth expectations, which currently stand at 10%.
 Now, let me turn the presentation back to Juan Carlos.
 Thank you, Juan Pablo. Moving to slide four, I want to continue this presentation by explaining the
 the loans and deposits performance.
 The recovery of the economy has resulted in significant progress in our business.
 We have experienced an important role in the number of clients, improve our offer of products
 and services.
 and strengthen our digital strategy.
 All this is clearly reflected in the performance of loans and deposits. The loan book continued
 showing a steady growth across the three main sectors, in a dynamic partially supported
 by the economic recovery that continues to be evident in disbursements.
 This trend confirms that the bank overcame
 economic shock of the pandemic without relevant implications on its financial stability.
 Since the beginning of the year, the retail and mortgage segments have shown positive
 planes, whereas the commercial
 segment started
 market to improve since the second quarter.
 Because of the expansionary monetary policy, with historically low interest rates, breaks
 the balance of time deposits decreased over the last 12 months.
 this have been
 compensated with an increase in savings and checking accounts.
 This has allowed us to reduce the funding cost.
 However, as the central bank has started last month,
 a rate hiking cycle
 and the loan book is growing at a better pace, we expect the balance in time
 deposits to raise again in the same direction of the funding costs moving to
 slide five. I'm going to elaborate in the evolution of digital sales and distribution
 We'll see you next time.
 Bye-bye.
 During the first nine months of the year, digital sales have
 represented 0.4% of all sold products.
 Digital sales have maintained
 a steady evolution despite
 the reactivation of traditional
 channels and the re-opening of the economy.
 This indicates that the customer experience evolution has accelerated during 2021 towards
 the end of the year.
 adoption of digital channels by many of our clients.
 I would like to point out one of our strengths, the share of processed transactions.
 On the lower right side chart of the slide, you can notice that Ban-Columbia
 possess 47% of all
 monetary transactions
 completed via web
 and 62% of those processed via mobile phones out of all financial institutions in Colombia.
 Moving to slide 6, I'm going to elaborate about MECI.
 As you know, NECI is our new bank targeting primarily young people and focusing on the way
 they relate with banks.
 During this quarter, we added 1.5 million new clients, reaching 8.6 million with a very
 low acquisition cost.
 are nearly one trillion pesos and net promoter score continue increasing with high levels
 of engagement.
 Remember that we consider an active client the one interacting at least once a month
 throughout a monetary transaction.
 And this is how we leverage the development of our profitability model.
 having clients with a low acquisition cost
 and with a fight
 active user
 ratio.
 Naked cards are growing fast.
 who have more than doubled the number reported 12 months ago.
 Notice that we are not only issuing more plastics.
 The number of transactions and the volume of payments are increasing at a very solid
 base.
 reaching almost three times the figures observed one year ago.
 Moving to slide 7, you can see some relevant figures of Pan-Colombia al-Amano.
 Unlike other countries in the region, the population in Colombia
 lives throughout the country in several
 large
 medium, and small cities.
 San Colombia a la mano targets low income individuals.
 We are acting responsibly towards financial inclusion and education.
 to our financial inclusion initiatives.
 We provide mostly free financial services for people to access savings and create tools
 to become financially empowered and improve their quality of lives.
 And Colombia and Amano have reached almost six million times.
 The income per client continue increasing.
 Transactions, especially in payrolls and subsidies, remain high, and loans disbursed
 half, triple over the last year.
 It's night 8.
 we present our ESG framework.
 Our purpose is to promote sustainable economic development to achieve
 everyone's well-being.
 Therefore, we provide financial and non-financial solutions to strengthen the productive network
 of our countries
 create sustainable cities and communities, and promote financial inclusion.
 This commitment is aligned with a global agenda, which is to comply with the UN Sustainable
 Development Goals designed to achieve more prosperous societies and protect the planet.
 Under these three fronts of action in which we believe we can promote our focus, we have
 already dispersed during this year, 26 trillion pesos, which represents more than 20% of total
 of this portion.
 Now, I want to turn the presentation to Jose Humberto Acosta.
 Awesome.
 Thank you, Juan Carlos.
 Now, turning to slide 9, I want to walk you through the evolution of the relief program.
 Pre-reliefs continue decreasing.
 we are
 by gradually returning to normal.
 This quarter, relief programs in Colombia and Panama finished.
 During the upcoming quarters, it will be key to follow the evolution of deterioration,
 restructured loans
 and charge talks.
 Considering the geographies where the tank operates, our caucus is enema.
 The percentage of reliefs is decreasing gradually, but it is still 20% of the loan book coming from 26% in the previous quarter.
 unlike
 the other countries in where we operate, Panama maintained the relief program until September
 Tell me.
 .
 issue.
 urbanismo to allocate
 considerable
 is first to reach
 the 50th agreements with clients that were under some
 we need a scheme during this quarter.
 As a result of this,
 At the end of September, only 5% of the loans on the relief did not have a definitive
 plan.
 arrangement.
 The other 15% of the loans under relief
 already has a structural solution
 and if they need
 Good week.
 conditions, they will be transferred to the
 normal loan portfolio.
 In the slide, you can notice not only the percentage of the loan book that it is under
 relief, but also its composition by segment and stages. On a considerate or
 On a conciliated basis, 6% of the loan bill continues under relief.
 They are, in turn,
 divided into 50% for commercial, 21% for retail, and 29% for mortgages.
 Discomposition by stitches is as for loose.
 45% in stage 1, 42% in stage 2, and 12% in stage 3.
 In slide 10, we present the breakdown of provisions during the quarter.
 charges for the third quarter were 514 billion pesos. As we did in previous quarters, we want
 to explain the breakdown.
 down.
 This quarter
 has the lowest provision charges since the pandemic began.
 confirming the trend we observed in the first half of the year.
 As you can notice, in the lower part of the slide, we made a zoom of COVID-19 and parameters
 which are the main drivers behind these results.
 With the end of the relief programs in Colombia and Panama and the expiration of the 94% of
 the reliefs we granted to our clients.
 We have been able to gather more and better information that allowed us to improve the
 methodologies under which we build provisions.
 During this quarter, we have managed to reach
 final agreements with clients.
 Therefore, as they comply with what has been agreed, we will release provisions.
 These together, with a better forecast of economic parameters, have generated a release
 of the balance of previous periods.
 specific provisions clear during the quarter due to the default of corporate
 nines of the construction sector in Colombia.
 Moving to the slide, we give you a snapshot of provisions and massive quality.
 Cost of risk for the quarter was 1%.
 and for the last 12 months was 2.2%.
 reflecting the good pace of recovery of our clients.
 If this train continues for the last quarter,
 it is possible that cost of risk for this year
 might be better than the guidance we take in the second quarter of 2.3%.
 During this year, charge-offs have increased, exceeding the levels of 2020, which has two
 important impacts.
 First, it reduces the balance of the loan portfolio, and second, it helps reduce the
 level of the loan portfolio.
 five-year loans.
 We maintain solid coverage for 30 and 90 days that allow us to handle the
 control.
 and periods of positive
 Thank you.
 On slide 12, we present the Consolidated and Standalone Capital Adequacy, Consolidated
 I still can't solve it.
 ratio stands at a level
 of 15.3%,
 while CET1 at 11.8% under full basal tree for the third quarter.
 these ratios are
 well above the minimum
 regulatory requirements, not only in a consolidated basis, but in the stand-alone operation.
 The growth of the shareholder's equity takes place because of the good results of this year.
 We consider that the leverage of the demand is in optimal levels, given the current balance
 risk, and asset growth expectations.
 We have enough capital to support the loan book growth in the upcoming years.
 On slide 13, we present the liquidity position of the bank.
 and a console Verity Pages.
 We continue operating with a sufficient level of liquidity.
 As of this course, saving and checking accounts represents 56% of funding structure.
 This increase has been compensated with a decrease in time deposits and credits with
 corresponding banks.
 As we have mentioned during the ...
 ...
 the call.
 economic activity and the loan book are showing better trends, quarter by quarter, so we expect
 to gradually increase the balance
 in time deposits to support this growth.
 As a result, and with the expected hikes from the central bank, the cost of deposits may
 increase
 on
 news
 late
 we present a snapshot of our stand-alone operations.
 In general terms, the trend throughout the different geographies operated by Pan-Colombia
 was similar. Stable margins, steady growth of the loan book, increase of
 expenses
 and decreasing provision charges.
 Over the last years, the training, the main metrics of the stand-alone operations is positive.
 Central American operations represent 28% of assets, but 32% of net income.
 Now, I want to give you a quick overview of each of the Central American countries where we operate.
 Next, we start with Banco Afro Mercantile in Guatemala.
 This quarter, the growth of the portfolio was driven by the consumer portfolio, which
 reflects the bank's strategy to increase the share in the retail segment within the total portfolio mix.
 Commercial and mortgages also had a good performance during the quarter.
 Provisional charges show the recovery thanks to the
 improvements in the rating, commercial clients, and in specific provisions.
 Banco Agrícola en El Salvador continued consolidating the portfolio growth that is boosting
 American's recovery.
 As an accumulated basis, the portfolio grows both in retail and in commercial segments.
 to the dynamics of economic recovery that the country is experiencing
 and we took this
 also reflect
 in a
 solid recovery of fee income.
 Finally, panismo.
 The positive dynamics of loan enforcement evidenced during the second quarter maintained
 and consolidated in the third quarter.
 driven by retail loans and the reactivation
 of the demand from corporate clients.
 Barismo has leveraged its deposit growth strategy in its renewed digital assets, making possible
 not only relevant increase, but also a change in the funding mix.
 where saving and checking accounts are being shared, improving the funding cost.
 The bank continues overperforming with local peers regarding loans and deposits growth.
 On slide 15, we see the evolution of margins and net interest income.
 Net interest margin remains stable in the 5% area as we were expecting.
 The rate hiking cycle started in September, and we expect the reference rate to close
 2022.
 in 4.25%.
 This is going to be positive for months, but we'll be reflecting in the first couple
 accordance of next year.
 Net interest income continues with the steady pace of growth, gradually overcoming 2019
 figures.
 This was mainly driven by the reduction in the funding cost.
 We continue using the liquidity in a more efficient way.
 as the dynamic of dismalishment improves.
 Slide 16 shows the evolution of expenses and efficiency.
 Personal expenses, excluding variable compensation, increase 1% in accumulative
 ...
 year-to-date, whereas administrative expenses due
 5%
 As a result, operating expenses as of September at 9% up when compared with the same period
 of 2020.
 Another driver for expansion in expenses for 2021 is the pace of investment related to
 tele-transformation.
 A Flight 17 shows the evolution of these.
 NetEase continues to be one of the most resilient lines of the TNL, growing over 10% year-to-date.
 The interview with colleagues
 and colleagues
 as well as banking services have added to the strong performance as though fees from
 baby
 credit cards and commercial establishments is the line with the largest contribution
 thanks to the increase in the volume of transactions and the use of digital channels.
 Slide 18 shows the profitability metrics.
 During the pre-first quarter of this year, we have delivered material year-to-year earnings
 road.
 maintaining the pace of investments in digital transformation.
 The income for the quarter was $943 billion, and return on equity stood at a level of 12.7%.
 Even though provision charges were the main driver of this result, I want to highlight
 the good performance of the other lines of the PML in the middle of such challenging
 situation, stable margins, steady growth of NII, and the fast recovery of the income.
 Finally, it is worth mentioning the impact of the tax reform in Colombia, which implies
 a good calculation of the tax reform of the tax reform of the tax reform of the tax reform
 of deferred tax by generating an additional provision of 149 billion pesos.
 Now, I want to turn the presentation to Juan Carlos for the closing remarks.
 One.
 Thank you.
 we are getting back to normal faster than expected.
 It's correct.
 we were positively surprised with the bank's results.
 The country and its economy are doing better.
 Our friends, too.
 And when Colombia is ready to support them with a strong balance sheet, liquidity,
 products and services.
 We are looking forward to seeing you all in our virtual Investor Day next week, where
 we will elaborate in a detailed way about our digital strategy. After elaborating on these
 two topics, we want to open the line for questions.
 Thank you.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 If you have a question, please press star then 1 on your touchtone phone.
 If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, please press start then too.
 If you're using a speakerphone, you may need to pick up the handset before pressing any keys.
 Once again, if you have a question, please press star then 1 on your telephone.
 Our first question is from Yuri Fernandez with JP Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Hello, good morning. Congrats on the results and thank you for the pursuit of asking questions.
 I have the first one regarding the asset quality outlook for 2022.
 I'm sure you already provide some color in the call,
 but I guess the indicators,
 they were good for the quarter, right?
 and we were concerned with Panama.
 Panama data was okay.
 So my question is what should we expect for asset quality?
 isn't it worse
 behind, like what should be
 you know, like the normalized level of losses
 for the next year.
 And I have a second question regarding your digital initiatives.
 I guess NACI is a very good platform
 like when we look to the to the the kpis number of users ratings google trains and all you name it
 But we are starting to see some peers entering the columbia mark like something tax some big ones
 so just like a high-level view from you
 how do you see this competition
 evolving in Colombia
 with some new players coming.
 what are the challenges in the market
 what you are doing to prepare the company for those new guys.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Julie, for your questions.
 in your first one
 regarding asset quality and what to expect for 2022.
 Let me start by saying that we are in the process of normalizing the provisional charges.
 So third quarter was not normal, was very low.
 We expect the fourth quarter to have some non-recurring charges.
 So, we will shoot in the cost of risk for 2021 around 2 to 1, 2.1.
 As of 2022, we expect to go towards a long-term cost of risk of Bancolombia, which should be around 1.8, 1.9.
 you mentioned panamabalismo
 but even though that we expect the cycle of normalization in Panama to be a little bit longer,
 the other operations to perform more in line of what we expect is going to be the cost
 of risk, the long-term cost of risk, which, as I said, should be around 1.8, 1.9 percent.
 your second question digital strategy and a new uh comparing those enter into the
 We call them the market.
 We've been preparing for this for a long time.
 You mentioned Mackie,
 we started NECI 2015 and now I think we are we have a platform that it's prepared to compete
 face-to-face with all new fintech entrance to the market.
 But it is not just Neki.
 WHAT WE HAVE BEEN DOING IN BANK COLUMBIA IS
 DEPICTATION.
 preparing for this competition in terms of what are our products offerings and how we
 can develop and evolve our products to compete in the market.
 that Colombia has regulated interest rates, we have a cap on interest rates, which is
 not the case in other countries.
 So competing in the Colombian market through interest rates is going – it's difficult
 due to caps and to reach high risk individuals is not that easy because they integrate caps
 not allowed that.
 On the other hand, we are also prepared to compete on the evolution of fees regarding
 particularly the purpose of great cars.
 As I mentioned, we have been preparing for this for a long time, diversifying our social
 I think competition is going to be hard.
 We don't have to.
 we have no doubts about it
 But I think we have been preparing for this for a long time.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is...
 Our next question is from Andres Soto with Santander.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for the presentation.
 My first question is a follow-up regarding
 And cost of risk, I understand the guidance for the year is 2 and 2.1%, and that looks
 to steal
 pretty conservative considering that
 during the first nine months of the year,
 you are at around 1.6%.
 So this implies 2.5 cost of risk for the fourth quarter.
 and when I
 When I look at
 your numbers for this year.
 the quarter, sorry, and I normalize the cost of raise by the provision releases that you
 had apparently what
 you should have had this
 at around 1.5%.
 So I would like to understand why are you still conservative about the Casa of Prince expectation for the rest of this year?
 Thank you very much.
 Let me elaborate a little bit more on the cost of risk and what we are expecting.
 If we analyze the cost of risk for the last 12 months, it's 2.2%.
 And I know we have the fourth quarter of 2020 in that calculation, which was pretty high.
 Thank you.
 expecting for 20, I'm sorry, for the fourth quarter of 2021, there are some issues that
 that are going to release some provision.
 For example, we need to assess if we need to recalculate the growth of the economy in
 order to introduce
 that number to the models, but also in a more normalized way, the track model is going to
 reflect the real situation of the of the economy in the sense of how the clients are
 are really out we have also panama remember that the moratorium ended september 30th in panama so
 So fourth quarter is going to be probably high on provisions on Vanissimo, which we need
 to incorporate on that balance sheet.
 So the fourth quarter is going to be a mix of
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 releases, and also
 will need to add an issue.
 So that's why we have been conservative in the sense that provision charges for all the
 The cost of risk, I'm sorry, for the whole year
 should be around two percent.
 could be less.
 IT DEPENDS AT THE END OF THE PERFORMANCE OF THE CLIENTS.
 during the fourth quarter, in which, as I said, it's more
 normalize, and we start to see all those customers that need to normalize, and we start to see
 restructure how we are going to pay.
 So maybe we are a little bit conservative,
 But that's because there is still uncertainty on how the fourth quarter is going to be in
 in terms of payments of our banks.
 Thank you, Juan Carlos. My second question is regarding your long growth expectations
 for 2022.
 too. You say that
 you're expecting a GDP growth for Colombia of 3.6%.
 So I would like to see what are your thoughts in terms of how this translates in terms of
 a long road next year.
 And based on these and your current capitalization ratios,
 How do you feel about your current dividend distribution?
 Yeah.
 Sure, Andrés.
 As you might...
 Okay.
 Sure.
 and we're expecting the GDP to grow to grow around 2.6.7 percent next next year
 And so that will allow us to have a long growth around 10% for the year.
 And regarding distribution, we saw the second half of this year
 a pickup in the growth of retail loans, and also in the third quarter, commercial loans
 start to pick up data, again, how to grow.
 So, regarding distribution, we are very focused on SMEs and we expect that segment to grow
 faster, and that's
 Those are commercial loans, even though they perform more in terms of risk, but also in
 in terms of the income that they generate.
 So we don't expect a dramatic change in distribution of the notebook in terms of commercial
 time.
 and retail.
 Retail loans could go a little bit higher, but as I said, it's not going to affect dramatically
 the distribution of the notebook.
 Just to clarify, what I meant by distribution was
 dividend distribution if you if you expect given your current resolution ratios you expect yeah
 Thank you.
 I have some time.
 So you were talking about the distribution of how the—oh, I'm sorry, I'm going to talk about the
 of the events.
 It depends.
 Let me, let me try this.
 we have a clear policy of distribution given the distribution has been around 30 to 50 percent
 during many years, and we are expecting that policy to continue.
 We will need to present a proposal to the press, to the board of directors and then to the shareholders meeting.
 But we will present a proposal that is going to be probably in line with our policy, long-term
 policy, which as I said
 I think it's very interesting.
 and 50% of the net income of Colombia usually because that's the one that
 That operation is the one that distributes .
 Great.
 Thank you for your answers, Juan Carlos, and congratulations on the results.
 Thank you, Andres.
 Our next question is from Jorge Kuri with Morgan Stanley.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for the call. I hope everyone's doing great.
 I wanted to ask two questions.
 one is on
 expenses for the quarter. They were up
 a lot quarter on quarter and year on year and wanted
 to hear from you
 if there were some extraordinary items there
 or you brought forward some of expenses in the fourth quarter
 and what the expectation is for the full year and for next year.
 and then on net interest
 margins
 You sort of alluded to rising rates and that having a positive impact on margins.
 I wanted to see if you could maybe quantify what do you think your margins will be next year given the normalized level of benchmark interest rates.
 Thank you.
 Yes, thank you, Jorge.
 First one.
 expenses.
 the to analyze the spaces we need to take into account several several items first
 Ehm.
 Label costs.
 Ehm.
 Labor costs or expenses have grown around 1%.
 So they are pretty much on the control.
 we have the bonuses the variable compensation which is growing
 a lot since we didn't have a viral compensation or we didn't register
 of the value of the % of 2020.
 in the subject comparison,
 and it's
 It's showing a very high number of that.
 On general expenses, we have some extraordinary issues related to digital transformation,
 but also those depreciations related to our renting business.
 So, for the year, we will see numbers close to the figure that we have now, 9 or 10% low.
 but let me tell you something else
 we have in colombia and inflation that is close to five percent uh also we have a
 the personal depreciation
 which is, has been close to 11 percent.
 so the pressure on the cost for from that part it's there and it's it's one off in terms of that
 is affecting them.
 affecting this work.
 So we are not going to see a performance in terms of expenses that is going to be a very
 Good day to see you.
 due to those
 extraordinary issues.
 We will keep our
 program and cost control and the measures of what we are doing, and we set up to the
 during 20 years from school.
 So, don't try our explanation.
 And if you compare, for example, the 19 expenses on to September, I would like to say, if you
 And the 21 expenses, the growth is less than 7% still, sorry, because we have so many
 This is regarding, as I mentioned, the use of information, but a more normalized way
 The 2020, it's a year that affects the changes in expenses due.
 But it was a very, very strange, strange year.
 fun.
 Hello.
 Nope.
 Oh, actually, regarding me, I will ask this question to Dr. Roberto to elaborate on means
 on rates
 as countries
 they fall
 on rates
 types on the name.
 Okay.
 Thank you, Juan.
 Regarding NIMH, Jorge, as you can see, we were able this year to sustain the NIMH at
 And this is basically and mostly because of the reducing of expenses of the interest rates
 because of our deposit base.
 Next year, our sensitivity is for every 100 basis points I've changed the Center Bank.
 our sensitivity will be at around 8 beats.
 That means that we are going to see an expansion of the NIMH beginning the second quarter of next year.
 And maybe we are going to, if the interest rates at the end of the year closes at a level
 of 4.5 to 5%,
 Maybe you are going to see an expansion of NIM in between 40 to 50 basis points or even
 more in our new portfolio.
 Remember that our NIME is composed by lending NIME for the portfolio, which is 5.6, and securities NIME, that is 0.8, and the proportion is 80-20%.
 Thanks.
 Thanks, everyone.
 And we will start seeing the effect on the rate increases during the next year, I think
 second
 quarter, next quarter, and next year.
 Thanks again.
 Our next question is from Ernesto Gabilondo with Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning, Juan Carlos, Humberto, Carlos, and good morning to all your team.
 thanks for the presentation
 now for the opportunity.
 I have three questions for my side.
 The first one is on the political landscape.
 we continue to see
 Petro leading in the presidential
 So, um, I would appreciate if you can share with us, uh, what have you been hearing from
 his proposal
 I don't know
 what have you been hearing
 if he wanted to implement higher taxes or banking fees,
 Anything from what you have shared, I think, will be very helpful.
 And then my second question is on Neki.
 We have seen the rest of the region developing digital banks
 and willing to do spin-offs at some point.
 So considering that you already have a good number of clients and that you're starting
 to become profitable, what else do you need to consider for a potential
 a spin-off and a listing of Neki.
 and then my last question is
 on your effective tax rate
 we think it was
 high during the quarter, considering the new tax reform.
 So how should we think about the effective tax rate for the last quarter next year?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Ernesto.
 So I'm going to take the first two questions, and I'm going to pass the video regarding
 tax rates to possible benefit.
 Political landscape, it's still early.
 And we will have our first round on May presidential elections, and we have a lot of candidates.
 So I think that the political landscape is not clear at this point.
 the candidate that is leading policy, we – he has been around for a long time, he
 blessing the earth.
 all of that.
 So, he has been, has been known for a long time, as I mentioned.
 regarding concrete proposals we haven't seen yet something concrete there are some comments some
 around some issues, but as I mentioned, still early to see what are the concrete
 properties.
 and what is going to be the platform that he or any other country are going to use to
 present his name to the voters. So I will say Ernesto, I will wait and see. As you
 know we have two rounds in Colombia so there is going to be a the first one in which is going to be
 probably some candidates
 I don't know the number
 that they would be very high number.
 and then we will have the final grades between two and each.
 I think we will need to wait until next year to see a clear...
 a clear view of the proposals that are going to present.
 We've got to be Nike.
 We are, as you mentioned, we have a platform that is now growing at a very good pace.
 Thank you.
 close to 9 million users with a very effective
 or
 clients that use telephone. So what we are doing, we are considering when is the right
 time to start
 feel
 I'm just
 you know
 in the community, the school, that
 all
 the
 the regulatory issues,
 I'll cover
 or, you know, who has cycles from 1970,
 going to apply for.
 there are many issues. We are still in early stages to analyze if that is a good move for us.
 from a better question I will pass it to thank you Juan Ernesto as you mentioned
 This is a one-off, and this is because of the calculation of the deferred taxes, and
 are expecting at the end of the year the the taxation for bank colombia for the entire group
 will be 32% at the end of the year, and we are expecting next year because of the tax
 year.
 form.
 to get the level of 34-35%.
 AND THE 32% OF THIS YEAR AT THE END OF DECEMBER, IT IS EXPLAINED
 because the main source of net income comes from the Bank of Colombia, in which we have
 the higher statutory tax.
 Our next question is from Tito Labarta with Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Just two quick follow-ups, actually. First, following up on the expenses, in terms of the efficiency ratio, you know, given the growth in expenses, right, picked up.
 But how do we think about that?
 bed efficiency
 going forward and giving the investments
 you're doing
 You know, could it be some cost savings with the digital initiatives or is that the expense
 is going to be sort of higher
 initially, just have to think about
 the evolution of that efficiency ratio
 and then just following up
 quickly on the tax rate should the tax rate just go up you know roughly five percent for next year
 given the new tax rate, so it should be, like, around 35% or so,
 I guess in Colombia, offset by the lower tax rates in the other countries,
 just to confirm for next year how that actually should be.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Tito.
 Expenses on efficiency ratio.
 This is the ratio this year, it's going to be a little bit above 50%, which is our target.
 So we expect the efficiency ratio to go below 50 next year, and you mention our digital
 strategy and investments that should add efficiency to our operations so as I
 mentioned earlier this is not a good year to analyze expenses since we have
 some extraordinary issues around the expenses.
 So we expect next year to be more normal.
 And we will return to our path of having efficiency ratios below 50 and looking more to mid-40s
 in the mid-term, which is our goal.
 Thank you.
 be a touch rates.
 The effective of tax rates for 2021 for the small group should be around 31, 32% as for
 as the doctor mentioned.
 And it's very...
 She's kidding me.
 made by Columbia in which as you know we had a tax report so we need to calculate the federal taxes
 some good news, and we'll have a special effect on 2021.
 After 2021, we will have the full effect of the tax reform, the Columbia tax reform, that
 It will increase our tax tax rate to close to 34 percent, mainly to then again by Colombia.
 I don't know if it was better if you'd like to add something to this, to this answer.
 No, Juan, that is very clear.
 Next year, 30 to 38 percent, including the special tax that you mentioned.
 That is clear.
 Okay, so just to clarify, so for next year, around 34% in Colombia, and then I guess you have lower tax rates in the other countries, right?
 So the consolidate tax rates?
 No.
 be more or less
 All right.
 In Colombia, next year will be 35% plus the 3% additional that may only be maintained until 2025.
 5.
 In Guatemala…
 Thank you.
 The primary taxation would be 25%.
 So people to clarify the effective tax rates for the fall group on the council basis for
 Yeah, 20, 20, 20 to 2, it should be around 31st.
 Okay, understood.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question is from Olavo Artuzzo with UBS.
 please go ahead.
 Thank you, Josef.
 Thank you, Carlos, and good morning, everybody.
 to perfect my question.
 I just wanted to understand more about the digital initiatives of the bank, I mean, back in La Mano.
 So, in a few words, I would like to know what is the profile of these clients?
 I mean, how much of them are low or high income?
 I know that the focus of Laman is targeted to low-income individuals, but how many have
 already up in a cow at Boe Cologne we are one of the new
 products or services this client usually demands. So it's basically it. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 I have some difficulties hearing you, but I'm trying to answer your questions.
 Regarding profile of NECI and BanColombian amount of clients, let me say this.
 with Nekki.
 I
 the
 The science of nature are mainly
 young adults between 18 and 35
 which are usually not clients of banks.
 So they are having their first banking relation with us.
 And they are using Neki as a savings account and also as a platform to do some payments,
 transfers and now we are introducing loans from the making the platform so
 So it's, and let me say that we have, in the case of NECI,
 40%
 4-0 of the clients of NACI are also clients of Bancolombia, 60%, 6-0 are just clients of
 to make it.
 And that allows us to have a very good mix
 and to know and to understand very well
 those
 In the case of the Bank of Colombia and Amano, in which we have those 6 million clients,
 more clients in rural areas where they have access to banking services through our platform
 and also use the
 banking agents that we've had
 throughout the country
 more than
 and 21,000 to do the cashing and cashing.
 So it's a way of covering the, with these two platforms, a big part of the population.
 And those numbers add.
 So, we have close to 9 million customers in India and close to 6 million customers on
 but I'm going to go to the man,
 So it's a total of 15 million customers in both Latiforpa.
 And again, it has not been in the two platforms.
 So either you are in NECU or you are in Bancolombia a la mano.
 You know, in the case of Banco-Longa Ramani, now we have more than 300,000 clients that
 and ready and
 That's it.
 Okay.
 Ready?
 so
 it
 now a platform in which science could access access to a to create them both
 those numbers will increase.
 So,
 that's
 to be
 We call it the claims of what's got from .
 OK.
 very clear
 But just to follow up on this topic, I just wanted to hear from you using the digital
 so he needs to achieve these old voting banks.
 I just wanted to hear from you, what is the main competitors of Banco Colombia just in terms of these digital initiatives?
 Let me see if I got the question right.
 the digital
 competition.
 Now we have a question.
 Now we have a very different participants.
 We have some traditional banks that, as ourselves, move quickly to have a digital platform, and
 And we are competing and we are really accessing or giving options to the clients and the market
 and we are gaming multi-share.
 Those are the traditional banks, which are basically true.
 But we are basically two banks to do this strategy.
 And then we have other participants.
 We have some other platforms that are entering through a project, basically a break-up, sorry.
 And there are some offerings around credit cards on digital platforms, and that market
 to the new groups
 competition during the next year for sure.
 And there are other participants offering a credit, but they are not paid here now.
 So what we think is that since we started six years ago now, and we now have an open
 We have a base of clients that we've spoken of.
 We can take advantage of that and keep offering new products to those clients.
 So competition will increase for you.
 but we think we are very well prepared to take advantage of what we have here in this market
 Okay, this was very clear. Thank you, Josef. Thank you, Carlos, again.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question is from Horg Friedman with Citibank.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much.
 can you hear me well because i'm with your phones
 Yes.
 I think it is a good way to do it.
 Yeah, I got it.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Hassan Bertha.
 Thank you, Juan.
 So, hello, everyone.
 and congratulations on the results and
 And I have just a couple of follow-ups as well.
 Initially, if you could just clarify and give us a bit more granularity about the reasons
 for the, you know,
 deferred tax readjustments causing a negative impact in this quarter.
 and I explain why
 question.
 The point is that when the taxation increased, in Brazil at least, we re-evaluated the tax credit stock.
 you know
 appreciating
 that stock and this
 that caused actually a positive effect,
 extraordinary positive effect in the quarter when the banks
 revaluated upwards
 there's talks of tax credits.
 It's not sure if, in your case, you had tax liabilities,
 and that was why you ended up having a higher deferred tax not lower so this is
 the, you know, first question
 and just a clarification on what really caused the impact
 if you had tax liabilities or tax credits, tax assets.
 And the second question, just to follow up here on the digital initiatives, when I look into NACI and Alamano, it's interesting because you are evolving well in both, but some of the KPIs differ quite substantially.
 For instance, you are at 65% of active users in ACTI versus, you know, 55 one year ago.
 When you look into, you know, a la mano, it's much lower, you know, just 41%.
 And this has not really increased versus last year, which was at 40%.
 And the same happens to NPS.
 You know, NACI has approximately 81.
 In the case of La Mano, you have 64.
 So just wondering what you are seeing in terms of challenges for Alamano for you not to achieve the same KPIs versus what you are achieving already at NACI.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Jacques.
 Let me take your second question, and we will ask Councilor Marta to take your first one
 related to different factors and why was the negative
 I can't see it.
 I'm not a different
 and making it's it's a new bank and in fact as a new bank and even though it's
 under the umbrella of Banco-Lambia's votes, it's separate in terms of how it relates
 week.
 to noise.
 It's nice.
 So.
 You
 Pardon me.
 just hold the line one moment while we
 reconnect.
 I think Juan is having some issues regarding the call.
 Let me answer, Jörg, your second question.
 Meanwhile, Juan is reconnected again.
 you're right
 And in terms of deferred tax, when we recalculate deferred tax based on the new tax reform, we have three elements.
 The loan portfolio, the bonds, both, as you mentioned, cause a positive effect on the
 prefer but there is another element which is the goodwill in the case of
 goodwill because we have
 a 8 billion pesos
 in goodwill it is the other way around and that's the reason why it affected our taxation and you
 You can see the 38% taxation this quarter.
 But this is because of the combination of these three factors.
 The first two, lungs and bones, are positive, as you mentioned.
 But the third element, which is bigger than the other two, it is affecting in a negative way.
 that explains why
 the tax increase.
 Perfect. Very clear, José. Thank you very much.
 No, no, no, my pleasure.
 Juan, you can continue with the question.
 I don't believe we have him back.
 Just one moment.
 Okay, I think it's one having, again, some issues.
 Complementing the answer of one, as in the previous question, we have two different profiles
 INEQUI AND AHORRO A LA MANO, THERE ARE BIG DIFFERENCES.
 NIC is more oriented to people who live in the cities,
 Nick out on a man is more oriented to people rural who lives in the small
 SO WE COMPLEMENT THE OFFER.
 THE CHALLENGE IS HOW WE ARE ABLE TO
 to maintain the activity for the first 30 days, and we feel proud saying that we have
 a very positive numbers in both
 and the reason is because
 we are using
 not
 Not only to receive, for example, in the case of low income population, different subsidies,
 but also because they are actively using for transactional way.
 Juan, you can continue with the answer.
 Now you are connecting.
 Thank you, Jose.
 And I am sorry, I disconnected from the call.
 I was answering
 in York
 And those are different platforms, as I mentioned.
 So NECI is more neobank.
 It's not related to banks.
 it's different products and
 Bancolombia La Mano is an offering from a bank and targeting lower income individuals
 with less education.
 So we have more challenges there.
 The 55 active users that you mentioned in BancoDombia and Amano is not a bad number.
 I think it's actually pretty good to compare with other platforms, and we are measuring
 this as one
 month activity
 an activity is a monetary transaction.
 It's not just entering the platform to consult the balance of the product.
 It's more time to use it for instructions.
 So, 55 in NECI is better because we have better results on NECI, and the NPS that you mentioned,
 64 compared to 81, 64 is not bad.
 The point is that 81 is extraordinarily good in case of NECI.
 so we have challenges to keep evolving the BanColombia La Manos platform,
 But we are very comfortable with those two strategies.
 And as I mentioned in an answer before,
 those
 clients
 So it's a total of close to 15 million clients in these two platforms that are accessing
 financial products in a very simple way and accessing also the physical channels of
 of Juan Colombia, which is a big advantage.
 So those, the customers of both platforms have access to the ATM network,
 and Columbia's ATM network also
 and
 they
 banking agent network
 which I mentioned is more than 21,000 bank agents around the country.
 That's perfect, Orhan. Thank you very much for the answers.
 Thank you, Joseph.
 Our next question is from Carlos Gomez with ASSBC New York.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you for taking the question and for extending the call.
 I want to come back to the tax issue, and we are debating it to death.
 But just to clarify the last thing that you mentioned,
 you have the
 positive impact for loans and for bonds.
 We have a negative for Goodwill.
 But coming back to what you asked, if in the future we have a reduction in the effective tax rate,
 should we expect a negative impact in your results in the short term
 because of the reversal of what you did today.
 And the second one is when we go to next year or the year after once we normalize your credit provisions.
 and given how your business is set up today
 in the tax rates that we have, what again
 is the sustainable
 ROE that you think the bank can produce.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Carlos.
 I will take the second question regarding the sustainable ROE.
 things that
 the midterm
 ROE of
 from Colombia should be around 14%, 13% and 15%.
 That's our target, and we think we could achieve that in 2023.
 Still, 2022 will be a year in which we need to do some additional adjustments.
 It's going to be lower double digits.
 Digit ROE and the 2023 should be the year in which we reach that mid-term ROE doser
 or between 13% and 15%.
 Jose, could you take Carlos' first question regarding clarification around taxes?
 Yes, Juan.
 Yes, Carlos, as you mentioned, this is a one-off.
 It is affecting the third quarter tax, and again, at the end of the year, we will expect
 the 32%, and yes, next year we will expect the 32, 34%, 35% tax, and also, obviously,
 it will affect the profitability because we were not expecting that increase in taxation.
 but again
 This is a one-off, and you are not going to see a recalculation of that next year, assuming
 that deferred tax will maintain the same
 35%.
 I don't know if that answers the question, Carlos.
 No, the question is if in the future there is yet another tax reform.
 You usually have one every two years.
 and this time
 And it's actually close.
 down
 if the tax rate goes down
 we should expect
 and one of negative impact, right?
 Correct. That's correct.
 Eat the tax
 calxation comes down, the recalculation of goodwill will affect in a different way, as
 you mentioned. That's correct.
 Okay, thank you.
 And if I can follow up on the ROE question.
 And for this year, you have a very specific outlook when we were talking at the end of
 the day.
 in 2020, and you were quite
 down, but you were expecting 6% to 8%.
 In the end, you are going to report a much better number.
 Is it mostly the asset quality or are there other factors now looking back at most of the year is gone?
 Are there other factors that have made this year better than you feared initially?
 Carlos, it's mainly driven by asset quality.
 Thank you.
 that was better than we expected.
 But I would like to highlight that all lines, except expenses, of the bank are doing pretty well.
 net interest income with the pressure that we had on margins and on interest rates, we
 We can handle that through the cost of funds, then the fees are performing well.
 So it's driven mainly by a quality which is going through, or it's towards a normalized
 number.
 But we had a very challenging period during the 2020 and even 2021 to debunk and fees
 on net interest margins,
 that meditative interest income perform well.
 that's clear
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is from Jason Mullen with Scotiabank.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, thank you very much for the opportunity to ask questions from Carlos San Berto.
 So I have a follow-up on the digital efforts on Niki and Bancolombia La Mano.
 I mean, we're seeing this very rapid growth, for instance, in the key, the number of users in the quarter alone from 7.1 million to 8.6 million.
 and then on the Banco Colombia a la mano from $5.4 million to $5.7 million.
 And you're showing, which is very interesting, the customer acquisition costs of $0.33 at Nikkei and $0.36 at Bancolombia La Mano.
 if you can talk a little bit about how you're driving this growth in clients and what is
 incorporated in that acquisition cost?
 And, you know, is that something that, you know, in many ways, I think you could say it looks very low, but just how you view that.
 Could it be lower? Could it be higher? How should we think of that going forward? Thank you.
 Thank you. Thank you, Jason.
 As you mentioned, figures or numbers are very good
 on our digital platforms.
 And the growth that we are seeing, it's very positive.
 And I'd like to highlight that that growth is because what we are offering is really
 useful for the people that it's applying to this platform to
 It is very easy to be a client of one of these Plaraforms, and once you are a client, you
 that you can just sign in in five minutes.
 And what you need is your identity number and two or more, or three more data.
 And so that explains why.
 And what is happening is that we are creating a network, which means that we already have the numbers and the connection with Bancolombia.
 So people are really seeing that it's useful for them to have access to cash, to do the
 cash, to do the work.
 Thank you.
 Bank Colombia's network.
 So at the end, it's a combination of a very good platform with easy-to-use products.
 with the power of the BanColombia's networks, ATMs, and also banking agents, which allow
 cash in and cash out in a very easy way, a very convenient way, and all around the country.
 So that's also a way to transfer money, to do payments.
 We are also integrated in our QR strategy,
 QR payments strategy with
 Bancolombia, so you can use both Plaraforms, NICI and Bancolombia La Manu, to do payments
 with a QR in a way that allows you to use your money in a very convenient way.
 Regarding acquisition costs, we already invest in the technology.
 What we are in marketing around acquiring customers in this number of clients is also
 very efficient.
 So, we are including the direct cost of marketing
 and in that acquisition cost.
 We don't expect that number to go lower or higher.
 We think we are in a figure that is very good, and we will continue seeing that figure in
 the future.
 Can you remind us again for Niki and Bank Colombia La Mano,
 like what percentage of the clients are new to the banking sector
 or are already clients of Bancolombia, just to get a sense of is it converting?
 Is that acquisition cost converting a client at BanColombia into NECI or how should we think about that?
 Yes, Jason.
 60% of the clients are new clients for Bancolombia, in the case of Neki.
 40%, 4-0, are clients that are also clients of Bancolombia.
 So 60% are new clients.
 And this, also, we are leveraging this because that's 40% that are clients, common clients
 with with bank colombia we have a lot of information about them what meaning that
 we can use analytics to really access those clients with loans offers. So, it's a combination,
 And that 60% are new.
 So that's the combination that we have.
 the cases van colombia a la mano the overlaps salió
 a bit higher but many many of around 45 percent of the clients are new for for the banking system so
 if they are using Bancolombia La Manoa as their main financial services platform.
 Thank you. Very helpful.
 Thank you, Jason.
 This concludes the time allocated for questions on today's call.
 I would now like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
 Thank you, everybody, for your participation
 on the third quarter conference hall.
 it has been
 a quarter
 in which we have good results.
 We will see how the year ends, but with the fourth quarter, we are positive that even
 Even though we will have some specific issues related provisions, it will be at the end
 2021. So thank you
 everybody and I hope to see you on our next conference call in which we will
 present the 2021 results. Have a good day, everybody.
 This concludes today's conference call.
 you may disconnect your lines.
 Thank you for participating and have a pleasant day.
 We'll be right back.