 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Ban Colombia's Third Quarter 2021 Earnings
 conference call.
 My name is Claudia, and I will be your operator for today's call.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 following the prepared remarks.
 So we'll be a question and answer session.
 During the question and answer session,
 If you have a question, please press star then 1 on your touch-tone phone.
 Please note that this conference is being recorded.
 Please note that this conference call will include forward-looking statements, including
 statements related to our future performance, capital position, credit-related expenses,
 credit losses.
 All four are looking statements, whether made in this conference call, in future filings,
 in press releases or verbally.
 address matters that involve risk and uncertainty.
 Consequently, there are factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from
 those indicated in such statements, including changes in general, economic, and business
 conditions.
 Changes in currency exchange rates and interest rates.
 Introduction of competing products by other companies.
 Lack of acceptance of new products or services by our targeted clients.
 changes in business strategy, and various other factors that we describe in our reports
 filed with this SCC.
 With us today is Mr. Juan Carlos Mora, Chief Executive Officer.
 Mr. Mauricio Rozillo, Chief Corporate Officer.
 Mr. Jose Humberto Acosta, Chief Financial Officer.
 Mr. Rodrigo Prieto, Chief Risk Officer.
 Mr. Carlos Radd, Investor Relations Director, and Mr. Juan Pablos Espinoza, Chief Economist.
 I will now turn the call over to Mr. Juan Carlos Mora, Chief Executive Officer.
 Mr. Juan Carlos, you may begin.
 Good morning and welcome to our conference call for the third quarter 2021.
 I hope all of you and your families are safe and healthy.
 The Colombian economy continues recovering at a pace better than expected.
 According to our latest estimates, GDP could grow close to 10% in 2021.
 and for 2022 we expect a soft landing to a moderate expansion of around 3.6 percent.
 The main drivers behind this forecast are the resilience
 performance of the internment demand, particularly
 private consumption, which will remain by none as more
 household, especially those with the highest income, is going to be COVID spending levels.
 We also expect private investment to recover.
 to accelerate and detect those that were severely hit by the pandemic to go back to 2019 levels.
 All these were partly compensated by the moderation of global growth and the gradual withdrawal of the fiscal and monetized students.
 The main reasons to our view are the uncertainties surrounding the electrolyte cycle and eventual
 new waves of COVID-19 cases.
 specific trends of the economy.
 is reflected in the band's results, which we consider positive for the player's work.
 using that the strength of a better,
 expected economic recovery not only applies for Colombia, but in all the geographies where
 we have business.
 Before getting to the details, I want to highlight some key topics.
 The long book, view 3.3% compared with the previous score.
 That means you 90% in the court.
 Corectity tier 1 on the full battle 3 was 11.8%.
 and the net income for the quarter was 943 billion pesos.
 So, we can charge this for the quarter with 514 billion pesos.
 down 18% compared, when you compare with the second quarter, 2021.
 May you be given a better economy forecast.
 I am the end of this program in Colombia, I'm Panama.
 Our visitor platforms.
 Thank you.
 I'm from Colombia.
 continues to grow at the same pace.
 I need both 40 million clients and 1.4 billion fetuses in the process.
 Digital transactions represent 85% of the total transactions on the digital phase
 for the purposes of total change.
 Continue to grow in our ecosystem as well.
 after the first year of successful operations.
 It is a great position as one of the most relevant in the country with more than 8 million visits.
 At this point, I want to turn the presentation to Juan Pablo Espinosa, who is part of the
 on the performance of the Colombian economy.
 I'm Paulio.
 Thank you Juan Carlos.
 Now I will ask you to vote to slide number three in the presentation.
 Let me start by saying that traditional analysis has failed to predict and measure accurately
 the effects that the pandemic has had on the economy.
 Instead, the development of new ways of understanding economic reality has gained momentum.
 Most of these advances are based on the use of data.
 At Bank Colombia, we have been pioneers of this emerging trend in the local financial
 industry.
 Our proprietary analytical tools and our large sample of banking transactions allows us
 to have a comprehensive real-time picture
 of the state of the Colombian economy.
 In the first place, our now-casting tracker of overall activity
 which follows closely benefits of future figures,
 points to a year and be growth in the third quarter of 14.1%.
 higher than the latest consensus estimate of 9.2%.
 A significant contributor to this growth is domestic demand, which according to Ban
 Columbia's car holder purchases has been accelerating in the past few months.
 For instance, in the first 20 days of October, these transactions grew 20 percent compared
 to 2020 and 8% relative to 2019.
 Moreover, the graph at the bottom left
 shows that the volume of deposits to corporate banking accounts
 by sector and firm sites.
 relative to pre-pandemic levels.
 These figures are good at anticipating sectoral performance.
 and they're signaling that important contributors to GDP.
 such as retail manufacturing and agriculture sectors,
 expanded at a strong pace in the third quarter.
 for a term more.
 SMEs revenues are recovering faster than those of large firms.
 Finally, the number of payroll payments processed through Bank of Colombia's accounts
 which is a proxy for formal labor demand.
 accelerated during the last quarter.
 This suggests that the labor market is already reacting to the rebounding economic activity.
 In turn, this would allow an employment rate to decline further towards the end of the
 year.
 All in all, our indicators point to a wide spread
 and consistent improvement of the Colombian economy after the disruptions caused by the
 the nation.
 and the reduction of COVID cases.
 This bots well for full year 2021 growth expectations, which
 currently stand at 10%.
 Now, let me turn the presentation back to Juan Carlos.
 Thank you, Juan Pablo.
 Moving to slide four, I want to continue this presentation by explaining the loans and the
 of its performance.
 The recovery of the economy has resulted in significant progress in our business.
 We have experienced an important role in the number of clients.
 include our offer of products and services and strengthen our digital strategy.
 All these is clearly reflected in the performance of loans and deposits.
 The long book continues showing steady growth across the three main sectors in a dynamic
 partially supported by the economic recovery that continues to be evident in the disbursements.
 This trend confirms that the bank overcame the economic shock of the pandemic without
 relevant implications on its financial stability.
 Since the beginning of the year, the retail and mortgage segments have shown positive
 trends, whereas the commercial segment started to improve since the second quarter.
 Because of the expansionary monetary policy with historically low interest rates, the
 the balance of time deposits decrease over the last 12 months.
 And these have been compensated with an increase in savings and checking accounts.
 This has allowed us to reduce the funding cost.
 Oh, wait a minute.
 As the central bank has stopped it last month, a rate-hiking cycle and the loan book is growing
 at a better pace, we expect the balance in time deposits to raise again in the same direction
 of the funding costs.
 Moving to slide five, I'm going to elaborate in the evolution of digital sales and distribution
 channel.
 During the first nine months of the year, digital sales have represented 44% of all
 solved problems.
 Digital sales have maintained a steady evolution despite the reactivation of traditional channels
 and the reopening of the economy.
 This indicates that the customer experience evolution has accelerated during 2021 towards
 a...
 permanent adoption of digital channels by many of our clients.
 And we'd like to point out one of our strengths, the share of process transactions.
 In the lower right side chart of this slide, you can notice that pancolombia persists for
 37% of all monetary transactions completed via web and 62% of those processed via mobile
 of funds out of all financial institutions in Colombia.
 moving to slide six.
 I'm going to elaborate about making.
 As you know, I'm going to elaborate about making.
 So, Neki is our new bank.
 targeting primarily young people and focusing on the way they relate with banks.
 During this quarter, we added 1.5 million new clients reaching 8.6 million with a very
 low acquisition cost.
 The projects are nearly one trillion pesos, and net promoters' score continues increasing
 with high levels of engagement.
 Remember that we consider an active client the one interactive at least once a month throughout a monetary transaction.
 And this is how we leverage the development of our profitability model.
 having clients with a low acquisition cost,
 and with a site-active user ratio.
 Making cards are growing fast.
 who have more than doubled the number reported 12 months ago.
 None of these.
 We are not only issuing more plastics.
 the number of transactions on the volume of payments
 are increasing at a very solid pace,
 reaching almost three times the figure observed one year ago.
 Moving to slide 7, you can see some relevant figures of Pancolombia, Alamani, unlike other
 the countries in the region, the population in Colombia,
 leaks throughout the country in several large, medium, and small cities.
 in the United States.
 Colombia la mano targets low income individuals.
 We are acting responsible towards financial inclusion and education.
 to our financial inclusion initiatives.
 We provide mostly free financial services for people to access savings and create tools
 to become financially empowered and improve their quality of lives.
 In Colombia, la mano has reached almost 6 million clients.
 The income per client continues increasing.
 Transactions, especially in payrolls and subsidies, remain high, and loans disbursed
 of people over the last year.
 we present our ESG framework.
 Our purpose is to promote sustainable economic development to achieve everyone's well-being.
 Therefore, we provide financial and non-financial solutions
 with strengthening the productive network of our countries,
 create sustainable cities and communities and promote financial inclusion.
 This commitment is aligned with a global agenda, which is to comply with the UN Sustainable
 development goals, designed to achieve more prosperous societies and protect the planet.
 under these three terms of action in which we believe
 We can promote our portals.
 We have already disbursed during this year 26 trillion pesos, which represents more than 20 percent of total disbursed.
 Now, I want to turn the presentation to José Humberto Acosta.
 Thank you, Juan Carlos.
 Now turning to slide nine, I want to walk you through the evolution of the release program.
 Brave leaps continue decreasing.
 We are gradually returning to normal.
 Each quarter, relief programs in Colombia and Panama finished.
 During the upcoming quarters, it will be key to follow the evolution of deterioration,
 instructor loans and chart talks.
 Proceduring the geographies where the bank operates our caucuses animal, the percentage
 of the leaves is decreasing gradually,
 But if you see 20% of the long book coming from 26%,
 in the previous query.
 unlike the other countries in where we operate.
 Panama Maintain the Release Program until September 30th.
 In this situation, the requirement is not to allocate considerable resources to reach
 the...
 There are 50 agreements with clients that were under some relief scheme during this quarter.
 As a result of these, at the end of September, only 5% of the loans on the relief did not
 have a definitive arrangement.
 The other 15% of the loans and the relief already has a structural solution and if they meet
 that with conditions, they will be transferred to the normal loan portfolio.
 On this slide, you can notice not only the percentage of the loan book that it is under
 but also its composition by segment and stages.
 On a concierge, on a concierge basis,
 six dozen of the longboat continues on the way.
 they are in charge, subdivided into 50% for commercial, 21% for retail, and 29% for mortgages.
 Its composition by the stitches is at four loops.
 45% in stage one.
 42% in Stage 2 and 12% in Stage 3.
 In his right hand, we've seen the breakdown of prohibitions during the quarter.
 The ratio charges for the third quarter were 514 billion pesos.
 and we did in previous quarters,
 We want to explain the breakdown.
 This quarter has the lowest provision of charges
 in the pandemic we can.
 confirming the train we observed in the first half of the year.
 You can notice in the lower part of the slide,
 We made the sum of COVID-19 on parameters of 10.
 and are the main drivers behind these results.
 He's the only program in Colombia.
 and the expiration of the 94% of the reliefs we granted to our clients.
 You have been able to gather more and better information that
 allow it to improve the methodologies under which we build provisions.
 During this quarter, we have managed to reach final agreements with clients, therefore a
 as they comply with what has been agreed.
 We will release provisions.
 is together with a better forecast of economic parameters,
 have generated a release of dependence of previous periods.
 specific provisions included in the quarter due to the default of corporate
 science of the construction sector in Colombia.
 Moving to slide 7, we give you a snapshot of provisions in massive quality.
 Cost of risk for the quarter was 1%, and for the last 12 months, was 2.2%, reflecting
 the good pace of recovery of our clients.
 If this train continues, continues for the last quarter, it is possible that cost of
 for this year might be better that the guidance we take in the state concordant of 2.3 percent.
 During this year, charge-offs have increased, exceeding the levels of 2020, which has two
 two important impacts.
 First, it reduces the balance of the low portfolio.
 One second.
 reduce the level of parking loads.
 We maintain solid coverage units for 30 and 90 days that allow us to handle the following
 periods.
 opposite of the deterioration.
 On slide 12, we present the Consolidated and Stannolone Capital Adequacy.
 consolidated total solute integration,
 it stands at a level of 15.3% while CET1 at 11.8% on their full bus entry for the third
 These ratios are well above the minimum regulatory requirements, not only in a consolidated basis,
 but in the standalone operation.
 The growth of the shareholder's equity takes place because of the good results of this
 year.
 We consider that the leverage of the data is in optimal level, given the current balance
 sheet risk and asset growth expectations.
 We have enough capital to support the loan book loan in the upcoming years.
 On the side of key, we present the liquidity position of the bank.
 In a console, there is a issue.
 We continue operating with the sufficient level of liquidity.
 As of this course, saving and checking accounts represents 56% of funding structure.
 This increase has been compensated with a decrease in time deposit and credits with
 corresponding banks.
 As we have mentioned during the call, the economic activity and the law book are showing better
 strength, quarter by quarter.
 So we expect to gradually increase the balance in time
 if possible.
 to support these growths.
 As a result, with the expected hikes from the central bank, the cost of the proceeds may increase.
 On Euclide-13, we present a snapshot of our standalone operations.
 In general terms, the trend throughout the pipeline
 geographies operating by Pan-Colombia-Wasimilas,
 Staple margins, steady growth of the known book,
 increase of expenses and decreasing provision charges.
 Over the last years, the training,
 the main matrix of the standard operations is positive.
 since the American operations were percent 28% opposite,
 about 32% of the income.
 Now I want to give you a quick overview of each of the Central American countries where we operate.
 And let's start with Paco Aguilomir Cantil in Guatemala.
 This quarter, the growth of the portfolio was driven by the consumer portfolio, which reflects
 the banks is trying to increase the share in the recent segment within the total portfolio
 commersion and mortgages also had a good performance in the quarter.
 Provision Charges, show it that we've got it.
 thanks to the improvements in the waiting commercial clients.
 and in specific provisions.
 Banco Agrícola y Nel Salvador continue consolidated the portfolio growth that is boosting Americans'
 recovery. At an accumulated basis the portfolio grows both in retail and in
 commercial segment responding to the dynamics of economic recovery that the
 countries experiencing and which is also reflected in a solid recovery of the income.
 Finally, manismo.
 The positive dynamics of long distortion evidenced during the second quarter,
 maintain and consolidate it in the third quarter,
 driven by retail loans and the reactivation of the demand from corporate clients.
 Barismo has leveraged its deposit growth strategy in its renewed digital assets, making possible
 not only relevant increase, but also a change in the funding
 were saving and checking accounts have been shared, improving the funding cost.
 The bank continues overperforming in local peers regarding loans and deposit scrolls.
 On slide 15, we see the evolution of margins and net interest income.
 Net interest margin remains stable in the 5% area, as we were expecting.
 The rate-hiking cycle started in September.
 and we expect the reference rate to close 2020 to in 4.25%.
 This is going to be positive for months, but we'll be reflecting the first couple of
 quarters of next year.
 Net users' income continued with the steady pace of growth, gradually overcoming 2019
 figures.
 These ones may be driven by the reduction in the funding cost.
 And continue using the liquidity in a more efficient way as the dynamic of this large
 improves.
 slide 16 shows the evolution of expenses and efficiency.
 External expenses, excluding variable compensation,
 increase 1% in accumulative figures.
 year to date.
 whereas at least the peak expenses drill by 5%.
 as a result, operating expenses as of September at 9% up when compared with the same period
 of 22.
 The driver for expansion and expansion for 2021 is the pace of investment related to
 a digital transformation.
 The intellectual team shows the evolution of things.
 Netties continue to be one of the most resilient lines of the females growing over 10 percent
 year to date.
 and collections, as well as banking services have added to the strong performance, although
 some credit cards and commercial establishments is the line with the largest contribution
 thanks to increasing the volume of transactions and the use of the heater channels.
 as light 18 shows the profitability metrics.
 During the pre first quarter of this year,
 We have delivered material, gear, and gear every row.
 maintaining the pace of investment in digital transformation.
 Meninco for the quarter was 943 billion pesos.
 and return on equity stood at a level of 12.7 percent.
 Even though provisioned charges were the main driver of these results, I want to highlight
 and the good performance of the other lines of the PML in the middle of such a challenging
 situation, stable margins, steady growth of NII, and the fast recovery of the income.
 Finally, it is worth mentioning the impact of the tax reform in Colombia, which ties
 as it's calculation of deferred tax
 by generating an additional provision of 149 billion pesos.
 Now, I want to turn the presentation to Juan Carlos for the closing remarks.
 One.
 Thank you for this.
 We are getting back to normal faster than expected.
 This quarter, we were supposed to be surprised with the buying results.
 The country and its economy are doing better.
 Our time is two.
 Among Colombia, it's ready to support them with extreme balance sheet, liquidity, products, and services.
 We are looking forward to seeing you all in our virtual investment day next week,
 where we will elaborate in a detailed way
 about our digital writing.
 After elaborating on these two topics, we want to open the line for questions.
 Thank you.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 If you have a question, please press start then 1 on your touch-tone phone.
 If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, please press start then 2.
 If you're using a speakerphone, you may need to pick up the handset before pressing any
 keys. Once again, if you have a question, please press start then 1 on your telephone.
 have fun.
 All right.
 The next question is from Yuri Fernandez with JPMorgan, please go ahead.
 So good morning, comrades, and the results.
 Thank you for the portion of asking questions.
 I have a first one regarding the asset quality to look for 2022, you already provide some
 color in the call, but I guess the indicators were good for the character, right?
 We were concerned with Panama, Panama data was okay.
 So my question is, what should we expect for asset quality?
 is the worst behind, like what should be, you know,
 like the normalized level of losses for the next year.
 And I have a second question regarding your digital initiatives.
 I guess Necky is a very good platform.
 Like when we look to the KPIs, the number of users,
 ratings, Google trains, you know, you name it.
 But we are starting to see some peers entering the Colombian
 mark like something text, some big ones.
 So just like a high-level view for you,
 How do you see this competition involving in Colombia,
 or with some new players coming.
 What are the challenges in the market?
 what you are doing to prepare the company for those new guys.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Achie, for your questions.
 is in your first one regarding asset quality
 and what to expect for 2022.
 Let me start by saying that we are in the process of normalizing the probation charges.
 So the third quarter was not normal, was very low.
 We expect the fourth quarter to have some non-recurring charges.
 So we will shoot in the cost of risk for 2021 around 2 to 1, 2.1.
 So, 2022, we expect to go towards a long term cost of risk for one Columbia, which should be around 1.8, 1.9.
 You mentioned Panama, but it's more,
 But even though that we state the cycle of normalization
 in Panama to be a little bit longer.
 the other operations to perform more in line with the hotspot.
 We expect it's going to be the cost of risk, a long-term cost of risk, which, as I said,
 should be around 1.8, 0.9 percent.
 Your second question, digital strategy, and new components entering to the ground and market.
 We've been preparing for this for a long time.
 You mentioned Necki, we started Necki 2015 and now I think we have a platform that it's
 prepared to compete face to face with all new same-sex entrants to the market, but it's
 not just making what we have been doing in Bank of Colombia,
 is preparing for this competition.
 in terms of what are our products offering and how we can develop and evolve our products
 to compete in the market.
 I remember that Colombia has regulated P2S rates.
 have a cap on interest rates, which is not the case in other countries.
 So I'm thinking in the Colombian market,
 through interest rates is going, it's difficult to cut and to reach high rates individuals
 It's not that easy because they integrate caps.
 Not allowed that.
 On the other hand, we are also prepared to compete on the evolution of seas,
 in particular with the purpose of great cause, as I mentioned, have been prepared for this
 time, diversifying our social income.
 Competition is going to be hard, we will have no doubts about it, but I think we have been prepared for this for a long time.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is...
 Our next question is from Andres Soto with Santander.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning. Thank you. Thank you for the presentation. My first question is a follow-up regarding a cost of risk and I understand the guidance.
 For the year is 2 and 2.1% and that looks still pretty conservative considering that during the first nine months of the year.
 um, cost of risk for the 4 quarter. And when I, um, when I look at, um, your numbers for, uh, this year, um, the quarter, sorry, and I normalize the cost of risk, uh, by the provision releases that you had, uh, apparently what you, you, you, you should have had is at around 1.5%.
 So I would like to understand why are you still conservative about the cost of print expectation
 for the rest of this year.
 Thank you very much. Let me elaborate a little bit more on the cost of risk and what we expect.
 If we analyze the cost of this for the last 12 months, it's 2.2%.
 And I know we have the fourth quarter of 2020,
 and that's what we're going to do in the next video.
 Thank you.
 set was pretty high. But what we expected for 2020, I'm sorry, for the fourth quarter of 2021,
 There are some issues that are going to release some provision, for example, we need to assess
 It's very, very accurate.
 the growth of the economy in order to introduce that number to the models, but also in the
 in a more normalized way, if the top one is going to reflect
 with the real situation of the economy in the sense of how
 if clients are really out.
 We have also Panama.
 Remember that the moratorium ended September 30th in Panama,
 So, four-quarter is going to be probably higher positions
 which we incorporate on that balance sheet.
 So, the front corner is going to be a mix of the provision releases and also we need to add a vision.
 So that's why I would have been concerned about to do the same,
 that provision charges for – or the cost of risk, I'm sorry, for the whole year should
 be around two percent could be less. It depends at the end of the performance of the client
 during the four quarters in which, as I said, it's more normalized and we start to see all
 those customers that we structure how they are going to think. So maybe we are a little bit
 Consumers, please.
 but that's because there's still uncertainty
 on how the fourth quarter is going to be potential for payments of our time.
 Thank you Juan Carlos.
 Because my second question is regarding your long-growth expectations for 2022.
 say that you're expecting a GDP growth for Colombia of 3.6 percent so I would like to
 see what are your thoughts in terms of how this translates in terms of a long road next
 year and based on this and your current capitalization ratios, how do you feel about your current
 with them at this vision.
 Sure, and as you mentioned, we expect the GDP to grow around 2.6 to 7% next year,
 So that will allow us to have a long growth around 10% for the year.
 And the value distribution, we saw the second half of this year is the gap in the growth
 of retail loans, and also in the third quarter,
 commercial nodes start to pick up data again, how to grow.
 So, regarding distribution, we are very focused on SMEs, and I respect that segment to grow faster,
 And that's those are commercial loans, even though they perform more than reaching in terms of
 risk, but also the potential of the income that they generate.
 So we don't expect a dramatic change in distribution of the long book in terms of commercial and
 The payrolls could go a little bit higher, but as I said, it's not going to affect dramatically
 Thank you very much.
 of the long book.
 Just to clarify, what I meant by distribution was dividend distribution.
 If you expect, given your current facilities and ratios, you expect, yeah.
 Thank you.
 I am sorry, I am sorry.
 you were talking about the distribution of the, of how the, I'm sorry, I'm going to
 because I thought we'd do this.
 Sorry.
 Let me, let me say we have a clear policy of distribution.
 Even the distribution has been around 30-50% during many years and we are expecting that
 That's all you see to continue.
 We will present proposal to the press, to the board of directors, and then to the shareholders meeting.
 But we will present a proposal that is going to be brought in line with our policy,
 a long-term policy, which, as I said, is the predicated
 of the net income of Columbia, usually, because that's the one that is distributed, and that
 operation is one of these things.
 Great. Thank you for your answers, Juan Carlos, and congratulations on the results.
 Thank you, Congress.
 Our next question is from Jorge Curie with Morgan Stanley.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning everyone. Thanks for the call. I hope everyone's doing great.
 I wanted to ask two questions. One is on expenses for the quarter. They were up a large quarter on
 quarter and year and year, and wanted to hear from you if there were some extraordinary
 items there or you brought forward some of expenses in the fourth quarter and what the
 expectation is for the full year and for next year. And then on net interest margins, you
 sort of like alluded to rising rates and then having a positive impact on margins, I wanted
 to see if you could maybe quantify what do you think your margins will be next year given
 and normalize level of benchmark interest rates.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for the first one, expenses.
 Do you want to analyze the spaces?
 to be able to account several items.
 First, labor costs, labor costs, or spaces have grown around 1%.
 So they are pretty much under control.
 We have the bonuses, the variable compensation, which is probably a lot since we didn't have
 a viral compensation. We didn't produce a viral compensation in 2020, so it's showing a very high
 number of that. On general expenses, we have some extraordinary issues related to physical
 transformation, but also those depreciations related to our 20 days.
 So, for the year, we will see numbers close to the figure that we have now, nine percent
 But let me, let me tell you something else.
 Thank you very much.
 In Colombia, immigration, that is close to 5%.
 Also, we have a decrease in the case of depreciation, which has been close to 11%.
 So the pressure on the post, from that part, it's there and it's one-off in terms of that
 it's affecting the sport.
 So we are not going to see a performance
 in terms of the spaces that is going to be very good
 the industry are due to those extraordinary issues.
 We will keep our program in constant control and the measures of what we are doing, and
 We expect that to take effect during 2020 school.
 So don't turn our explanation.
 If you come first.
 For example, the 19 expenses onto September on the 21 expenses, the growth is 7% steamside
 because we have some issues regarding that.
 interviews and performances, but a more normalized way
 Thank you very much for your time.
 it's a year that affects the changes in this country's view.
 That it was a very, very strange, strange, deep, year-on.
 Hello
 Oh, actually, regarding me, I will pass this question to the question, but to elaborate on needs and grades as companies pay for on-grade types on the need for it.
 Thank you Juan.
 one.
 the name Jorge. As you can see we were able this year to sustain the name at a level of
 5% and this is basically mostly because of the reducing of expenses of the interest rate
 because of our deposit base.
 Next year, our sensitivity is for every 100 basic points
 have changed the center bank.
 our sensitivity will be at around eight beats.
 That means that we are going to see an expansion
 of the name beginning the second quarter of next year.
 and maybe we are going to, if the interest rates
 at the end of the year, closes at a level of 4.5% to 5%.
 Maybe you are going to see an expansion of NIM in between 40
 to 50 basis points or even more in our new portfolio.
 Remember that our NIM is composed of lending NIM for the portfolio, which is 5.6, and securities
 mean that is 0.8, as the proportion is 80-20 percent.
 Thanks everyone.
 Bye-bye.
 I'm not starting to see the effect on the impacts on the rates,
 This is during the next year, iPhone 19, the second quarter, the second quarter, next year.
 Thanks again.
 Our next question is from Ernesto Gabilondo with Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning, Juan Carlos, Luis Humberto, Carlos, and good morning to all your team.
 Thanks for the presentation and for the opportunity.
 I have three questions from my side.
 The first one is on the political landscape.
 We continue to see federal leading in the presidential polls.
 So I would appreciate if you can share with us what have you been hearing from his proposed cells.
 I don't know what have you been hearing if he's wanted to implement higher taxes or
 banking fees, anything from what you have shared, I think will be very helpful.
 And then my second question is on NECI.
 We have seen the rest of the region develop in digital banks and willing to do spin-offs
 at some point, considering that you already
 have a good number of fly-ins.
 And if you're starting to become profitable,
 What else do you need to consider for a potential spin-off,
 and a listing of NECI.
 And then my last question is on your effective tax rate.
 with high during the quarter, considering the new tax reform.
 So how should we think about effective tax rates for the last quarter next year? Thank you
 Thank you.
 Next, I am going to take the first question and I'm going to pass the appeal money, the value of the tax rate to the person there.
 political landscape.
 It's still early.
 We will have our first round on May, let's get from one presidential election.
 and find the
 We have a lot of candidates.
 So I think that the political landscape is not clear at this point.
 regarding the candidate that is meeting all of us.
 ...
 He has been around for a long time, he was mayor of all of that, so he has been known
 for a long time, as I mentioned.
 Regarding concrete proposals, we haven't seen yet something concrete.
 There are some comments, some peaks around some issues, but I think you can still hear
 to see what are the concrete proposals and what is going to be the platform that he or
 any other candy I'm going to use to present his name to the voters.
 So, I would say Ernesto will wait and see as you know, we have two bounce in Colombia,
 There is going to be the first one which is going to be probably some candidates, probably,
 I don't know if it's the number, but you can see it right here.
 because they are going to be safe.
 You got to be necky, we are a cementure,
 We have a platform that is now growing at a very good pace.
 We have close to 9 million users with effective clients that use telephone, so what we are
 I think we are considering when is the right time to start seeing, I'm just enough to be
 to ensure that all the regulatory issues are covered
 during the work cycle.
 license I'm going to apply for. So there are many issues. We are still in many stages to analyze
 if that is a good move for us on the third question, I will pass it to the question back to you.
 Thank you, Kwan.
 Ernesto, as you mentioned, this is one-off, and this is because of your calculation of
 the deferred taxes and we are expecting at the end of the year the taxation for
 of Colombia for the entire group will be 32% at the end of the year.
 we are expecting next year because of the tax reform, we are going to get the level
 of 34, 35 percent and the 32 percent of this year at the end of December it is
 It's explained mainly because the main source of net income comes from the Bank of Colombia
 and we...
 day, we have the higher acceptable tax.
 Our next question is from Tito Labarta with Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead.
 All right, good morning, everyone.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 Just two quick follow-ups, actually.
 first following up on the expenses in terms of the efficiency ratio you're giving the
 and growth and expenses are already picked up,
 But how do we think about that efficiency, you know, going forward and giving the investments
 you're doing.
 You know, could it be some cost savings with the digital initiatives, or is that the expense
 is going to be...
 be sort of higher initially, it's up to think about the evolution of that efficiency ratio
 And then just follow up quickly on the detachment,
 The tax rate just go up roughly 5% for next year given the new tax rate.
 So it should be like around 35% or so.
 I guess in Colombia, all fed by the lower tax rates in the other countries, it's just
 to confirm for next year how that actually should be.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, people.
 I'm teaching integration.
 to break.
 You take some break.
 This year, it's going to be a little bit above 50%,
 which is out of our budget.
 So, we expect the efficiency ratio to go below 50 next year, and we mentioned our digital
 strategy and physical investment that should add consistency to our operations.
 So as I mentioned earlier, this is not a good year
 to analyze expenses, since we have some extraordinary issues around the expenses.
 So we expect next year to be more normal.
 And we will return to our part of having a teaching degree
 I'm looking more to meet forest in the meantime, which is our goal.
 regarding tax rates, the effective of the tax rates for 2021 for the follow-up should
 be around 30% that's what's in the convention.
 And it's written mainly by Colombia, in which I essentially know it.
 and how it's actually formed.
 So we need to calculate the deferral taxes from good news
 and we have a special effect on 2021.
 Thank you.
 has the full effect of the touch reform, the conundrum touch reform, that will increase
 our tax rate is close to 0.4%, mainly within and again by Colombia.
 I don't know if that's what you'd like to add something to this, to this answer.
 No, Juan, that is very clear.
 next year, 30 to 38 percent, including the special tax that you mentioned.
 That is clear.
 Okay.
 So just...
 to clarify, so for next year around 34% in Columbia,
 and then I guess they have lower tax rates
 in the other countries, right?
 So the consolidates actually need to be more or less, or more.
 In Colombia, next year will be 35% plus the 3% additional that may will be maintained
 until 2025.
 In Guatemala, as far as taxation would be, 25%.
 so people can clarify the topic which reflects ways
 for the solve group and other kinds of databases.
 So Q&T Q&T Q&T should be around 24.
 Okay, understood. Thank you very much.
 Our next question is from Olavo Artudo with UBS. Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Jose. Thank you, Carlos, and good morning, everybody, for picking up my question.
 I just wanted to understand more about the digital initiatives of the data in Mac in
 Romano.
 So in a few words, I would like to know,
 what is the profile of these clients?
 I mean, how much of them are low or high income?
 I know that the focus of Lama is targeted to low-income individuals.
 The Hanlens have already been announced at both Columbia, one of the new products or services
 is described to usually demand.
 So it's big for you.
 Thank you.
 level. I have some difficulties here but I'm trying to answer your questions regarding
 profile of NECI and Bank of London, I'm a no-science.
 Let me, let me say this.
 are mainly young adults between 18 and 35, which are usually not clients or banks, so
 They are having their first banking relation with us, and they are using making as a savings
 account and also at the platform to do some payments, some transfers, and now we are introducing
 launch on the next platform.
 So it's, and let me say that we have, in the case of NETI, 40 percent, 40 percent of the clients
 that maybe are also clients of one Columbia, 60%, 60% are just clients of making.
 And I thought that was probably very good news.
 and to know and to understand very well, it's those who subscribe.
 All right.
 In the case of the Bank of Colombia, the manual in which we have dealt to 6 million clients,
 Those are more trying to do rural areas where they have access to banking services throughout
 and also use the banking agents that we have throughout the country, more than $71,000
 and to do the kashin and kashalozoids.
 It's a way of covering the input with these two platforms
 big part of the population and those numbers are. So we have close to 9 million customers
 We make here at least 6 million customers on Marcos Romero, so it's sort of a 15 million
 customers in both platforms and the client has not been in the two platforms. Either
 you are in Mexico, you are in Colombia,
 to the hand.
 In the case of Bank of London at a moment, now we have more than 300,000 clients that
 and ready as a gravy.
 So, Bankolambia Ramano, it's now a platform in which clients could access to Craig and
 those numbers will increase.
 So that's how the clients approach that from time to time.
 You know, it's very clear.
 Bye.
 follow-up on this topic. I just wanted to hear from you using the dish that needs to
 to resolve other things.
 I just wanted to hear from you.
 What's your view?
 What is the main competitors of Vancouver, just in terms of digital initiatives?
 Let me see if I can stay in the question right.
 the digital competition.
 Now we have a very, very important decision.
 participants. We have some traditional bands that as ourselves move quickly to have a digital
 platform and we are competing and we are really accessing or giving options to the clients
 to the market and we are dealing with market share.
 Those are the traditional bands, which are basically two.
 They are basically two banks to destroy you.
 And then we have the same text and other participants.
 We have some other platforms that are entering through a project, basically a framework.
 And there are some offerings around, I don't know, around credit cards, on the data platforms
 and that.
 market increase competition during the next year for sure.
 And there are other participants who are paying credit, but they are not paying it now.
 So, what he thinks is that, since we started six years ago now, and I mean, I'll have
 for not having a base of clients that we speak of,
 We can take advantage of that and keep offering new products to those who are flying.
 The petition will increase, and it's for two.
 And we think we are very prepared to take advantage of what we have here in this market.
 Okay, this is what's very clear. Thank you, Josef. Thank you, Carlos, again.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question is from Hork Friedman with Citibank. Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much. Can you hear me well because I'm with your phones?
 Yes?
 I think you're right.
 Yeah.
 I got it.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Hasan Beftar.
 Thank you.
 So hello everyone, congratulations on the results and I have just a couple of follow-ups as
 Well, initially, if you could just clarify and give us a bit more granularity about the reasons for the, you know,
 deferred tax readjustments, causing a negative impact in this quarter.
 And they explain why, you know, my question.
 The point is...
 is that when the taxation increased in Brazil at least,
 list, we, you know, evaluated the tax credit to stock, you know, appreciating that stock.
 And this caused, actually, a positive effect.
 I extraordinary positive effect in the quarter when the banks
 re-evaluated upwards, there are stocks of tax credits.
 not sure if, in your case, you had tax liabilities,
 And that was why you ended up having a higher deferred tax, not lower.
 So, this is the, you know, first question, just a clarification on what really caused
 the impact that if you had tax liabilities, tax credits, tax assets, and the second question,
 You know, just a follow-up here, you know, on the digital initiatives.
 kind of look into Naki and Alamono.
 It's interesting because you are evolving well in both,
 but some of the KPIs differ quite substantially.
 For instance, you are at 65% of active users in active versus 55% one year ago when you
 look into, you know, a la mano, it's much lower, you know, just 41%, and this has not
 really increased versus last year which was at 40 percent. The same happens to NPS, you know,
 So Necki has approximately 81, in the case of Lamano, you have 64.
 So just wondering what you are seeing in terms of challenges for Alamono for you not to
 to achieve the same KPIs versus what you are achieving
 already at NACI.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Jock.
 Let me take your second question and we will ask consumer to take your first one related
 to defer all patches and what was, or why wasn't it at the same time.
 Necky, I'm putting my hand on a different plan.
 And Nike, it's a new bank, and it acts as a new bank.
 And even though it's under the umbrella of Vancouver,
 in the example of Columbia's works,
 It's separate in terms of how it relates to the customers,
 That's all for today.
 Or let me just hold the line one moment while we reconnect.
 I think Juan is having some issues regarding the call.
 Let me answer, York, your second question.
 meanwhile, Juanis reconnected again.
 you're right
 And in terms of deferred tax, when we recalculate deferred tax based on the new tax reform,
 We have three elements, the loan portfolio, the bonds,
 both, as you mentioned, cause a positive effect on the deferred, but there is another element
 which uses the good wheel.
 In the case of Goodwill, because we have eight billion pesos in Goodwill, it is the other
 way around and that's the reason why it affects our taxation and you can see that 38% taxation
 But this is because of the combination of these three factors.
 The first two, loans and bonds, are positive, as you mentioned, but the third element, which
 which is bigger than the other two,
 it is affecting in a negative way.
 that explains why the tax increase.
 Perfect, very clear.
 Thank you very much.
 No, no, no, migration. Juan, you can continue with the question without me.
 Thank you.
 I don't believe we have him back just one moment.
 Okay.
 I think you
 or having against some issues.
 complementing the answer of one, as in the previous question,
 We have two different profiles in Ineki and Aorra, La Mano,
 And there are big difference.
 First, Nick is more oriented to people who live in the cities, and Nick Aoronaman is
 more...
 oriented to prepare rural who lives in the small towns.
 So we compliment the offer.
 The challenge is how we are able to maintain the activity
 for the first 30 days.
 And we feel proud saying that we have a very positive numbers
 both and the reason is because we are using not only to receive, for example, in the case
 is a flowing co-population, different subsidies,
 but also because they are actively using
 for transactional way.
 Juan, you can continue with the answer.
 now you are connected
 Thank you, Jose. I am sorry I disconnected from the call. I was answering your and those
 are different platforms, as I mentioned.
 So NECI is more neo-bank, it's not related to banks,
 It's different products.
 And Bank Columbia Lamanu is an offering from a bank
 and targeting lower income individuals with less education.
 so we have more challenges there.
 I mean, the 55 acting users that you mentioned in
 Colombian Amano is not a bad number. I think it's actually pretty good to compare with the
 a lot of folks and we are measuring this as one month activity and activity is a monetary
 transaction. It's not just entering the platform to consult the balance of the product. It's
 It's more than to do it from section 255 in neck is better because we have a better results
 And the LPS that you mentioned, 64 compared to 81, 64 is not bad.
 But the point is that anyone is extraordinary good in case of next year.
 So we have challenges to keep evolving the pan-Colombia
 platform, but we are very comfortable with those two strategies, and as I mentioned in
 an answer before those clients are at in so it's it's total of close to 15 million clients
 in these two platforms that are accessing financial products
 in a very simple way and accessing also
 the physical channels of Columbia, which is a big advantage.
 So those, the customers who both platforms have access to the ATM network and Columbia's
 ATM network, also the banking agent network, which I mentioned is more than 21,000
 and the banking network on the country.
 That's perfect. Thank you very much for the answers.
 Thank you, Joe.
 Our next question is from Carlos Gomez, which ASSBC New York, please go ahead.
 Thank you for taking the question and for extending the call.
 I want to come back to the tax issue, and we are debating it today, but just to clarify
 the last thing that you mentioned,
 And you have the positive impact for loans and for bonds.
 We have a...
 negative for goodwill, but coming back to what you're
 and asked, if in the future we have a reduction in the effective tax rate, should we expect
 a negative impact in your results in the short term because of the reversal of what you did
 And the second is when we go to next year or the year after, once we normalize your credit
 provisions and given how your business is set up today in the tax rates that we
 We have what, again, is the sustainable ROE that you think the bank can produce.
 Thank you.
 Thank you Carlos, I will take the second question regarding the sustainable ROE.
 we think that the midterm ROE of Juan Colombia
 Columbia should be around 14%, 13% and 50%.
 That's our target, and we think we could achieve that in 2023.
 Still 2022 will be a year to some additional adjustments.
 And the 2023 should be the year in which we reached that midterm ROE closer to between 13 and 15%.
 Jose, could you take Carlos's first question regarding
 around, around taxes?
 Yes, Juan. Yes, Carlos, as you mentioned, this is a one-off. It is affecting the third quarter tax
 And again, at the end of the year, we will expect the 32%.
 And yes, next year we will expect the 34%, 35% tax, and also obviously it will affect
 profitability because we were not expecting that increase in taxation.
 But again, this is a one-off, and you are not going to see a recalculation of that next
 year, assuming that the product tax will maintain the same 35%.
 I don't know if that answers the question, Carlos.
 No, the question is, if in the future there is yet another taxi phone, you usually have
 one every two years, and this time the tax rate goes down.
 If it actually goes down, we should expect one of negative impact, right?
 Correct, that's correct.
 If the taxation comes down, the recalculation will affect in a different way, as you mentioned.
 And that's correct.
 Okay, thank you.
 And if I can follow up on the ROE question, for this year, you have a very specific outlook
 when we were talking at the end of 2020.
 and you were quite down but you were expecting 6% to 8% in the end you are going to report
 a much better number.
 Is it mostly the asset quality or other factors now looking back at most of the year is gone?
 are the other factors that have made this year better than you feared initially.
 Carlos, it's mainly driven by asset quality that was better than we expected, but I would like to
 highlight that all lines except expenses of the bank are doing pretty well.
 net interest income, with the pressure that we had on margins and on integrates, we can
 handle that through the cost of funds. Then fees are performing well. So it's driven mainly
 but a quality which is going through or it's towards a normalized number, but we had a
 a very challenging period during the 2020 and even 2021
 this bank and these and met interest margins,
 a very big interest income from the world.
 And that's clear, thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is from Jason Mollin with Scotia Bank.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, thank you very much for the opportunity to ask questions.
 Juan Carlos Sanberto. I have a follow-up on the digital efforts on Niki and
 And, uh,
 Thank you.
 I mean, we're seeing this very rapid growth, for instance, in the key, the number of users
 in the quarter alone from 7.1 million to 8.6 million.
 and then on the Ban Colombia la mano
 from 5.4 million to 5.7.
 And you're showing, which is very interesting,
 the customer acquisition cost of 33 cents at Niki and 36 cents.
 If you can talk a little bit about how you're driving this growth in clients and what is
 incorporated in that acquisition cost and you know is that something that you know in many
 Anyways, I think you could say it looks very low, but just how you view that, could it
 be lower?
 be higher, how should we think of that going forward?
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Thank you, Jason. As you mentioned,
 figures or numbers are very good on our digital products and the growth that we are seeing is very positive.
 what we are offering is really useful for the people that it's applying to this platform.
 to, it is very easy to be a client of one of these platforms and once you are a client
 that you can just sign in in five minutes.
 And what you need is your identity number
 and you are more, more, more, more data.
 And so that explains why and what is happening is that we are creating a network effect,
 which means that we already have the numbers.
 and the connection with Bank Columbia.
 So people are really seeing that it's useful for them
 to have access to cash to do the caching through our bank
 Columbia's network.
 So at the end, it's the combination of a very good platform
 with easy-to-use products with the power of the Pan-Colombias
 networks, ATMs and also banking agents which allow cash-in and cash-out in a very easy
 way, a very convenient way, and all around the country.
 So that's also a way to transfer money, to do payments.
 money to do payments, we are also integrated in our QR strategy, the QR payment strategy
 with Pan Colombia, so you can use both platforms, Necky and
 Man colombia la mano
 to do payments with QR in a way that allows you to use your money in a very convenient way.
 Regarding acquisition costs, we already invest in the technology, what we are and marketing
 around acquiring the customers in this number of clients is also very efficient.
 So we are including the direct cost of marketing and printing
 in that acquisition cost.
 We don't expect that number to go lower or higher,
 We think we are in a figure that is very good and we will continue seeing that figure in the future.
 Can you remind us, again, for Nekiem and Bancolombia La Mano,
 what percentage of the clients are new to the banking sector or new or are already clients of
 Ban Colombia, just to get a sense of if it's converting, is that acquisition cost converting
 a client at Bancolombia into Necki or Necki or how should we think about that?
 Yes, Jason.
 60% of the clients are...
 are new clients for one Colombian in the case of next 40%, 40% are clients that are also
 clients of one Colombia. So 60% are new clients. And these also, we are leveraging these because
 that 40% that are clients, common clients with one Columbia, we have a lot of information about them,
 meaning that we can use analytics to really access those clients with loans offers.
 So it's a combination and that's 60% are new.
 So that's the combination that we have in the case of
 Bank Colombia a la Manu, the overlap is a little bit higher, but many,
 many of around 45% of clients are new for the banking systems
 when they are using Pan-Colombian manuals,
 their main financial services platform.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Jason.
 This concludes the time allocated for questions on today's call.
 I would now like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
 Mark. Thank you, everybody, for your participation on the
 for the third quarter conference hall.
 It has been a quarter in which we have good results.
 We will see how the year ends, but with the four-quarter,
 We are positive that even though we will have some specific issues related, it will be at the end of 2021.
 So thank you, everybody, and thank you to all of you for being here today.
 I hope to see you on our next conference call,
 in which we will present the 2021 results.
 Have a good day, everybody.
 This concludes today's conference call.
 you may disconnect your lines.
 Thank you for participating and have a pleasant day.
 day.