 Good day and welcome to the Nextar Media Group 2nd quarter 2020 results call.
 Today's call is being recorded.
 Thank you, Anna, and welcome, everyone.
 I just want to read the Safe Harbor language, after which we'll get to the actual presentation.
 All statements and comments made by management during this conference call, other than statements
 of historical fact may be deemed forward-looking
 statements for the purposes of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
 Next, our cautions that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties
 that may cause actual results
 are different materially from those reflected by the forward-looking statements made during
 the call for additional details on these risks and uncertainties please see next
 Next to our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019, and Next
 are subsequent filings with Securities and Exchange Commission.
 or undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether or
 or as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
 With that, it's now my pleasure to turn the conference call over to your host, next
 our Chairman, President, and CEO, Terry Sook.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Joseph, and good morning, everyone.
 Thank you all for joining us.
 to review Nexstar's record second quarter results today.
 As we get started, I want to acknowledge the Nexstar Nation team members for their front-line
 work and tireless efforts to provide viewers and users with continuous access to local
 news and other services, despite the challenges presented by the pandemic and recent civil
 wave.
 With our planning and preparation, strong balance sheet and commitment
 to our markets and employees.
 say that Nexstar has kept our employee
 roster intact, and our record
 quarterly results again reflect our team's
 commitment to flexibility throughout this time.
 As always, our Chief Financial Officer, Tom Carter, is on the call with me this morning.
 Next, our industry-leading scale and diversification, our solid executions such as our new business strategies
 and our rapid adoption of cost containment programs at the onset of the pandemic
 resulted in record second quarter results with all of our cash flow metrics well above consensus expectations.
 The 41% rise in second quarter net revenue reflects growth in total television advertising revenue.
 As we drove year-over-year increases in the same station new to television business
 and strong shares of political spending in our markets, as well as a 71% year-over-year
 increase in distribution fee revenues.
 As such, despite the economic pressures related to the pandemic,
 Next, our top-line growth in operating and expense management disciplines resulted in a 38.7 increase in net income.
 and record second quarter broadcast cash flow, adjusted EBITDA, and free cash flow,
 with those net metrics growing 28%, 49%, and 127% respectively on a year-over-year basis.
 as the world continues to address the health and economic challenges brought on by the pandemic
 The strength of our business model and enterprise-wide focus on managing operations for free cash flow
 enabled us to bring about 21% of every net revenue dollar to the free cash flow line.
 In the year-to-date period, Nextdoor has generated approximately $631 million of free cash flow
 before one-time transaction expenses.
 By way of comparison, we generated a total of $521 million of free cash flow in all of 2019.
 So our growth momentum remains strong even before the upcoming benefit of political spending in the back half of the year.
 Reflecting repurchases made in Q1, we have reduced our share count to approximately 45.5 million shares outstanding.
 So 2020, year-to-date, free cash flow per share amounts to about $13.86 per share.
 and we remain confident in our unique positioning in this environment
 to again generate significant free cash flow in the current quarter and again in Q4 of this year.
 Speaking of the full year 2020, it's important to remember that approximately 60% of our annual revenue is expected to be derived from contractual distribution fee and political advertising revenue, which is not expected to be materially impacted by the pandemic.
 Specifically, Nexstar has solid visibility in terms of our contractual distribution
 economics through December of 2022 as we completed new multi-year retention mission consent agreements
 representing approximately 70% of our subscribers at year-end 2019,
 as well as new long-term network affiliation contracts with CBS, Fox, and NBC.
 At the same time, Nexstar has a strong balance sheet, including approximately $665 million in cash as of June 30,
 with an access to another $140 million under our revolving credit facility.
 We continually successfully navigate through the evolving challenges presented by the pandemic
 based on our core value of serving communities where we operate
 by delivering leading local news and other critical information and content to viewers, whether on-air or online.
 In this regard, Nexstar stations have produced 41 separate town hall meetings addressing
 state and regional responses to the virus.
 Additionally, next hour is
 generated over 30 different programs
 related to recent civil unrest and race relations in our communities.
 With local news and information, while it's never been more essential for Americans,
 The pandemic has changed consumers' media consumption habits in ways that showcase the inherent strength of local broadcast television.
 our content
 and Nectar's leading local brands.
 As the most powerful and trusted voice in the country, more people are turning into their station's local newscasts than ever before.
 According to Nielsen data, even as states and localities began to reopen in the second quarter,
 Local broadcast television evening news viewership among adults aged 18 to 34 remained impressively high,
 with year-over-year increases in average cumulative weekly impressions in April, May, and June of 151 percent, 83 percent, and 89 percent, respectively.
 Similarly, on the digital front, Nexstar's websites and mobile apps grew year-over-year
 page views by 250%
 to $1.1 billion in April, with total monthly users up 133% to $96 million.
 We continue to generate strong digital audiences throughout the quarter
 with weekday and weekend page view traffic across our local websites up 50% and 60% respectively during the months of June compared to the prior year.
 Additionally, in terms of unique users, Nexstar's digital properties rank number one in the country in local news,
 number 12 in all of news and information, and with a number 33 site overall domestically in June, as measured by Comscore.
 As the nation's largest producer of local news programming,
 Nextar's proprietary content provides essential news and information to users and viewers
 that is unique and relevant to each of the local communities we serve across the United States.
 Now more than ever, viewers rely on television news to stay informed about everything from the latest pandemic developments to the reopening of the economy to the upcoming election.
 With Nexstar's market-leading stations and sites, deep local and national reach,
 and local broadcast record of being the most influential and effective medium
 for both brands and politicians.
 We expect to see advertisers continuing to allocate increased spending to our broadcast and digital platforms as the threat resolves.
 Turning back to some second quarter highlights, total television advertising revenue increased
 18.1% to $319.8 million, including political revenue of $21.6 million and core advertising
 revenue of $298.2 million, while local and national advertisers adapted their media plans
 during the second quarter.
 We saw sequential month-over-month improvement in our same-station core advertising revenue performance
 from April to May, from May to June, and this trend continuing in July.
 Notwithstanding marketplace challenges, Nextar's local sales initiatives continue to generate healthy levels of new business
 with second quarter new to television and revenue rising on both a quarterly sequential and year-over-year basis.
 In total, our sales team generated $20.7 million of second quarter new-to-television revenue,
 marking an 11.3% rise over the first quarter and a 4.5% rise over the comparable 2019 period.
 As I mentioned at the outset of our call, our new business strategies, ongoing sales training, education,
 and deployment of performance-focused initiatives combined with our sharing of best practices
 have proven very effective in our ability to capture ad spend share
 in both broadcast and digital locally.
 We recorded healthy levels of Q2 spending by political action committees and from candidates
 with 2020 second quarter political revenue of $21.6 million exceeding our expectations from early in the quarter
 the cancellation of some primaries.
 Both presidential campaigns have recently generated record levels of fundraising, which bodes well for our upcoming political revenue trajectory.
 As such, our full-year 2020 expectation for net political revenue in the low $400 million range remains unchanged.
 Recent distribution agreement renewals and the inclusion of WG in America resulted in a 71% rise in second quarter distribution revenue
 to $536.5 million, representing nearly 59% of total net revenue.
 Second quarter 2020 total digital revenue declined by approximately $9.6 million, or 17%,
 reflecting our focus on higher-margin profitable operations,
 while digital profitability was up substantially over the comparable prior year period,
 as our website and mobile app engagement also rose significantly.
 Total combined second quarter digital and distribution fee revenue of $583.2 million
 rose approximately 57.1% over the prior year period
 and comprise 64% of quarterly revenues, up from 57% in the year-ago period.
 The year-over-year increase in second quarter distribution revenue reflects the new agreements
 reached in the second half of 2019
 and a realization of Tribune media revenue synergies related to the after-acquired clauses
 in our retransmission consent contracts
 and, as noted, the inclusion of WG in America.
 Our expectations for net retrans growth remain unchanged for the balance of the year
 Reflecting new long-term network affiliation agreements with CBS, Fox, and NBC completed in the second half of 2019.
 and as a result, over 80% of our big four affiliations are contracted through December 31 of 2021
 and over 70% of our Big Four affiliations
 are contracted through December 31 of 2022.
 Our successful 2019 renewal of retransmission consent agreements representing approximately
 70% of our subscriber base, with approximately 17% of the base to be renewed this year.
 Our significant net returns revenue growth in 2020 will complement the strong political growth and spending that we're seeing.
 Taken together, the affiliation renewals, which also include OTT agreements, our new retrans contracts, and sub-levels that remain in line with our forecast.
 We have pretty clear visibility for our net retrans revenue growth expectations in 2020 and beyond.
 As we discussed on the last call, at the onset of the pandemic, we took immediate action to adapt our business to address the economic impact on the use of U.S. commercial advertising market.
 We implemented a range of cost-cutting initiatives, which resulted in operating and corporate expense savings in excess of $40 million from budgeted second quarter levels.
 Looking ahead the third quarter, while the pandemic continues to impact commercial advertising,
 We're seeing the same pattern of month-over-month improvement in our pacing data
 and expect to benefit from significantly increased levels of political ad spending.
 And, in fact, our July political billing exceeded that of all of Q2.
 Overall, we're encouraged by continuing signs of recovery across our station footprint
 and by key economic indicators, including employment data and consumer spending.
 and at present we're cautiously
 cautiously optimistic about the return
 of live sports as live news
 sports program
 continues to generate the strongest levels of viewership across all demographics.
 Additionally, preparations for the September 1 launch of WGN America's primetime national
 News Nation, which will reach approximately
 75 million households across the country are proceeding on schedule and on budget.
 We're in rehearsals now, and my first impressions of the product are very positive.
 NewsNation will air daily from 8 p.m. to 11 p.m. ET and will draw on the local, regional, and national expertise of Nexstar's 5,400 journalists and 110 local newsrooms across the country.
 And during the quarter, we announced the anchor teams and correspondents for our live three-hour
 teams.
 we're already attracting strong interest from leading national advertisers
 at much higher than normal cost per points for WGN America.
 The broadcast will deliver news reporting that is fact-based, impactful, and unbiased,
 and we're confident that there are more Americans than ever before who are seeking just that.
 In addition to the live nightly newscast, NewsNation's team of reporters and producers will deliver news 24 hours a day online
 through NewsNation's soon-to-be-launched app, NewsNation Now,
 which will create another opportunity for monetization and revenue diversification.
 As always, we remain committed to generating free cash flow, actively managing our capital
 structure, our cost of capital, and our liquidity position to provide the financial flexibility
 to support our business and enhance
 shareholder returns as we emerge from the pandemic. During the first half of 2020,
 we allocated approximately $594 million in cash from operations and investments toward
 debt reduction, opportunistic share
 and cash dividends.
 Additionally, as I mentioned before, Nexstar continues to maintain a strong balance sheet,
 including $665 million in cash on hand at June 30,
 with access to additional $140 million under our revolving credit facility.
 On the return of capital front in late June, we declared our third quarterly cash dividend
 level, which was 24% ahead of last year's payout.
 With our 191% year-to-date free cash flow growth, our contractual distribution fee revenues,
 our food network distributions, our historically low LIBOR rates, which have reduced our interest
 expense and what is projected to be the biggest
 price.
 presidential election cycle in the company's history.
 We remain confident in our positioning to be free cash flow positive in every quarter of 2020.
 And we continue to expect Nexstar's net leverage to decline to approximately four times by year-end.
 In summary, while the pandemic has presented challenges for most every industry,
 Nexstar's leading local platforms are well-positioned to continue building the top line,
 maintaining close control of fixed and variable costs, and optimizing the balance sheet.
 Over time, our disciplines in these areas have strengthened the resiliency of our business and our business model
 and created an unrivaled local marketing platform while supporting increasing growing and growing returns for our shareholders.
 With that said, let me turn the call over to Tom Carter for our financial review and update.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Perry, and good morning, everybody.
 As outlined in this morning's press release, the actual results for the three and six months
 end of June 30, 2020 reflect the company's legacy Nexstar
 operations.
 and results from Tribune media stations, which were acquired on September 19th, 2019.
 Second quarter 2020 revenue from WGN America, also acquired in the Tribune transaction,
 is included in core television advertising revenue
 and distribution fee revenue.
 Contribution from Nexstar's 31.3% ownership stake in Television Food Network
 and other investments acquired in the Tribune transaction is included in the full income statement
 under income or loss on equity investments net
 and in the cash flow statement
 under distributions from equity investments.
 The comparable three- and six-month period ended June 30, 2019, reflects legacy Nexstar operations during that period.
 All actual results also reflect the impact of one-time transaction expenses
 incurred in the quarters, both in the quarters and the six-month period ending June 30, 2020
 and June 30, 2019.
 With that, I'll start with a review of Nexstar's Q2 income statement and balance sheet data,
 after which I'll provide an update on our capital structure and some points of guidance.
 On a combined company basis and pro forma for the divested station,
 Second quarter same-station net total revenue was down 6% due to a decline in same-station core advertising revenue of approximately 35%,
 reflecting a sharp decline in April due to the pandemic
 and subsequent month-over-month improvement from April to May, from May to June.
 Same-station distribution fee revenue was up 28%, and continuing digital revenues were down 18.2%,
 reflecting local agency services revenue growth of approximately 8%,
 while station website revenue was down approximately 30% due to softer local customer buying trends related to the pandemic.
 To offset the anticipated impact of COVID-19 on commercial advertising revenue,
 late in the first quarter.
 Nextar implemented a range of cost-cutting initiatives, which resulted in operating and
 corporate expense savings in excess of $40 million from budgeted levels in the second
 quarter of 2020.
 Second quarter station direct operating expenses, net of trade expense,
 We're approximately $414 million, up from $292 million in the prior year,
 primarily reflecting the full quarter of incremental expenses associated with the Tribune operations
 and the budgeted growth in network affiliation expense as a partial offset to our rising distribution revenue.
 Second quarter of station SG&A was approximately $158 million, inclusive of the Tribune operations.
 Same station, pro forma fixed expenses, excluding programming expenses,
 were down 18% year-over-year period due to synergies related from the Tribune acquisition
 and the previously mentioned expense reduction activities in response to the pandemic.
 Corporate expenses were $35 million, inclusive of $13 million of stock-based comp and approximately
 $5.4 million of one-time transaction expenses.
 when excluding non-cash, top, and one-time transaction expenses,
 recurring corporate expenses for approximately $17 million,
 in, which came in better than the guidance we had provided in the first quarter call,
 of approximately $21.5 million.
 By the end of April, the vast majority of the initial operating synergies of the Tribune transaction have been realized.
 Second quarter, operating cash taxes were approximately $6 million, substantially lower
 than our guidance of $45 million to $50 million due to a timing difference.
 That $40 million to $45 million variance will now be paid in Q3.
 Ongoing CapEx and transaction CapEx totaled $40 million.
 dollars. Spectrum Repack
 CapEx totaled $13 million and received approximately $26 million of reimbursements from the FCC during the quarter.
 As a reminder, we anticipate being fully reimbursed for all Spectrum-related CapEx over the course of the year.
 Second quarter total interest expense amounted to $82 million, up from $51 million in the
 same period in 2019, while cash interest expense was $78 million compared to $49 million last
 year, with increases due to obviously the increased debt associated with the Tribune
 in funding, partially offset by lower interest rates.
 quarter broadcast cash flow of 291 million, as well as adjusted EBITDA of 298 million
 and free cash flow of $200 million all pre-transaction expenses
 Exceeded consensus expectations and primarily reflect the realization of synergies
 and growth related to the June transaction.
 distribution free
 distribution.
 Thank you.
 agreement renewals executed in the second half of the year and the deferred
 cash taxes as I mentioned
 before.
 Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow reflect approximately $27 million in distributions
 from equity investments related to our 31% ownership in the TV Food Network.
 As a reminder, we receive cash distributions from TD Food on a quarterly basis with the largest payment recorded during the first quarter of each year.
 For the third quarter of 2020, we anticipate recording approximately $12 million
 in TV Food Network distributions.
 We expect cost savings in Q3 to approximately $25 million
 relative to the originally budgeted levels as variable costs
 and discretionary expenditures are prudently brought back online with the expected strengthening
 of the economy
 and the broadcasting advertising environment.
 For the third quarter, we project recurring cash corporate overhead exclusive of stock
 comp and transactions cost to be approximately $23 million, and we will easily meet our
 run rate, cash, corporate overhead guidance
 for approximately $120 million for the entire year.
 Non-cash comp is projected to be approximately $13 million for the quarter and $48 million for the full year.
 transaction expenses will
 will approximate $3 million for the quarter and will decline for the remainder part of
 the year third quarter
 operating cash taxes are now
 estimated to be approximately $150 million
 and operating cash taxes for the entire year
 will now come in at approximately $250 million in total.
 Non-operating cash taxes associated with the gains on the asset sales
 and legal settlements in Q3 will be approximately $83 million.
 Third quarter CapEx should tell me that approximately $40 million,
 and we're still expecting approximately $160 million for the entire year.
 We're proceeding on budget with our investment related to the launch of WGN America's primetime national newscast, News Nation, on September 1st,
 first and prioritize capital expenditures to maintain maximum flexibility in the current
 environment, meaning the timing of certain
 And cabinets can be delayed until later quarters if required.
 Finally, we expect Nexstar's cash interest expense to approximately $78 million for the third quarter
 and $325 to $350 million for the full year, reflecting interest expense savings related
 to the decline in LIBOR rates.
 Turning to the balance sheet, Nexstar's outstanding debt at June 30 was approximately $8 billion
 and consisted of $5.4 billion of term loans and two series of senior subordinated notes,
 one at approximately $900 million and the other at $1.8 billion, with maturities of 2024 and 2027, respectively.
 Total net debt approximated $7.4 billion at June 30 compared to $7.6 billion at March 31st and $8.3 billion at 12-31-2019.
 Net debt for first lien covenant purposes is $5.2 billion, with net cash limited to a $200 million amount.
 Our first lien covenant ratio at June 30th was approximately 3.11 compared to 3.52 at year-end,
 which is well below our first lien covenant of four and a quarter.
 As a reminder, our first lien covenant limits cash netting to approximately $200 million.
 Our total net leverage at quarter end was 4.47 compared to 5.18 at year end.
 And as a reminder, Nexstar's only covenant is our first lien debt covenant, which is the aforementioned four and a quarter.
 At the onset of the pandemic, Nexstar took immediate actions to adopt our business to the current environment
 and it's preserved liquidity in order to best position the company for long-term success.
 as we return to normalized operations.
 In this regard, we continue to prioritize cash retention and add approximately $231 million to our first quarter cash position
 for a total cash balance of $665 million at June 30th,
 with an additional $140 million available under our evolving credit facility.
 At the same time, during the second quarter, we returned approximately $25 million to shareholders through the quarterly cash dividend
 and made $13 million in payments on our debt.
 During the first half of 2020, we have accurately managed our capital structure, cost of capital,
 and liquidity position to support our business in this challenging environment while enhancing
 shareholder returns.
 Year-to-date, we have allocated approximately $594 million towards shareholder value-creating
 initiatives, including $473 million in debt reduction, $51 million in dividend payments,
 and $73 million in share repurchase.
 In the near time, while preliminary data suggests ongoing sequential improvement in economic
 trends and the commercial advertising environment, we continue to focus on cash
 preservation in order to optimize our financial flexibility as we move through
 the third quarter. Looking ahead with continued double-digit
 year-over-year growth in distribution
 revenue.
 what are expected to be robust spending levels related to the upcoming presidential election,
 which we do not expect to be materially impacted by the coronavirus.
 virus.
 excellent visibility on over 50% of our annual revenue in 2020.
 As such, we expect to brief free crash flow positive in the third and fourth quarters.
 In addition to continuing our dividend payments, we remain committed to allocating the vast majority of our free cash flow towards leverage deduction
 and confident in reaching our target level for the reduced level of total net leverage to four times by year-end 2020.
 Nextar has already made significant progress in our leverage reduction plan, and we enjoy
 in a strong cache position with additional capacity under our revolver.
 In addition, the reduction in interest rate expense related to the favorable LIBOR rates,
 operating and spent savings in our capital allocation prioritization will also serve
 us well in the second half of 2020.
 As a result, we're confident in our liquidity position and ability to service our debt through these challenging times
 and do not anticipate liquidity or covenant issues as we move through the year.
 In summary, despite the unprecedented challenge of the pandemic, our scale, leadership, flexibility, synergy,
 realization and
 operation plans are generating results.
 Our capital structure is in great shape from a cost of capital, maturity, and ability to quickly address leverage.
 In addition, our service to our local communities and local and national advertisers has never been stronger.
 Our disciplines in these areas have driven significant growth as well as consistency
 and visibility to our results
 and we remain confident in our ability to enhance shareholder value in the near term
 and on the other side of the pandemic.
 That concludes the financial review for the call.
 I'll now turn it over back to Perry for some closing remarks before Q&A.
 Thanks very much, Tom.
 In summary, I hope that our comments today reinforce the fact
 that we remain confident in the strength
 and the resilience of Nexstar's scaled and diversified business model.
 Next, our leading local platform is well-positioned to withstand this environment
 through the several factors, including our differentiated broadcast and digital sales
 programs, the continued growth
 of our distribution revenue stream
 and what are projected to be record levels of political spending here in 2020.
 In terms of capital allocation, we believe that our free cash flow combined with the
 and our balance sheet will provide us with financial flexibility to continue supporting
 initiatives. As a result, next
 are as well positioned to fully participate
 in the recovery and we remain highly
 confident in our core strategies
 in terms of serving the communities where we have operations
 and building the top line, maintaining
 close control of fixed and variable costs and optimizing the balance sheet.
 This focus, combined with our time-proven operating strategies,
 is enabling Nexstar to overcome the near-term challenges and extend our long-term record
 of growth and shareholder value creation.
 We look forward very much to catching up with you with another positive report just after Election Day.
 And on behalf of the entire Next Star Nation, our board and our management team,
 Thank you for your continued interest, support, and for joining us today.
 So now let's open the call to Q&A to address your specific areas of interest.
 Operator?
 Yes, sir.
 Thank you.
 If you are using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned on to allow
 your signal to reach our equipment.
 Again, that is star one if you would like to ask a question.
 And we'll take our first question from John Janadys with Wolf Research.
 Thank you.
 Sorry, I have two for you.
 One is you talked about local news and viewership.
 What are you seeing in terms of advertising, demand, and growth in news relative to the
 day parts given the ratings you spoke to
 And then, I guess, the sub-levels in line with expectations, is the read-through that there's been no noticeable impact from the pandemic, or is that too soon to call given the light?
 Well, as it relates to local news, you know, through the first six months of this year,
 51% of our total advertising revenue came from local news, and that's up over the prior year's cumulative totals,
 which indicates obviously advertisers, you know, are putting their money into that product
 and increasing with increasing frequency.
 obviously the demand is where the audience is
 where the audience is for us right now, and so we do see continued read-through, and we're hopeful
 that the audience gains, at least some of them, will be sticky when, you know,
 And I hate to use this term when the new normal settles in as to whatever that is.
 But so far, through this normal, people in all age groups are tuning to our local news broadcasts in increasing numbers.
 I will say that, I mean, obviously, MBPDs have reported subcounts and attrition for the quarter.
 factored into our projections and analyses and our retrans revenue is, again, we forecast
 attrition into our budgeting
 process, and we are
 at budget on retrends revenue and our
 projections through the end of this year.
 We have seen no significant decline beyond what we had forecasted.
 We think it's business as usual from a distribution revenue standpoint.
 Thank you very much.
 All right, next question.
 Thanks.
 I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about your reverse compensation agreement
 as subject lines are accelerating.
 I was wondering if that's changing the tone of those at all.
 And also, does it make you think about moving from, like, a per-sub basis, sorry,
 to a per-subbasis from a fixed programming fee where you can.
 And relatedly, we have more broadcast content going direct to consumer like CBS All Access and Peacock.
 So how do you think about monetizing those households that may not be subscribing through
 the traditional process?
 You know, I would say, you know, the current relationships with the networks are a mix of, you know, fixed fee and percentages of distribution revenue.
 There are some that are fungible and others that are not.
 And those conversations are continuing what's in the best interest of both parties to get a deal done.
 So there is some hedge there at this point, and we're not ready to call the ball as to what the most preferable term is there based on our negotiating ability.
 As it relates to CBS All Access, we participate in that.
 we're paid to be a part of that service
 and our local stream is a part of that offering.
 And Peacock, we are not.
 Affiliate local news, affiliate streams are not yet a part of that broadcast offering,
 and we're not sure if at any point they will be.
 But, you know, we do have this thing called over the air, which, you know, we reach, you know, a much larger universe potentially than the wired and pay cable universe already.
 Sixteen percent of our viewers already use that as their reception device without the aid of a paywall,
 and that's available to those who want to, quote, stream us that way, if you will.
 And the good news about that is there are far few competitors for eyeballs in an over-the-air world
 than there are in a 500-plus cable or satellite universe.
 So, again, we have a lot of our agreements nailed down through 21 and 22.
 We do have some that will be up end of this year and early next year,
 and that's where those conversations will center around what's the best type of agreement for both companies to enter into.
 Great. And then just one on political. Four years ago, we kind of got a head shake at the last minute from the Trump campaign in terms of not spending what was expected.
 I don't think any of us expect that to happen this time.
 but when do you feel comfortable that there's not going to be any negative
 surprises on the political spending side?
 Well, I'm pretty comfortable in that right now.
 I mean, look at the amount of money that both camps have raised, that the attendant PACs and special interest groups have raised supporting those candidates as well as down-ballot candidates.
 You know, there are no guarantees in this business, but as close to the guarantee as I'll make you is there'll be no negative surprise on political advertising.
 That's a pretty good guarantee. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 and I'll take our next question.
 Okay, great.
 Thanks for hearing the question.
 And the first one is just if you can quantify the sequential improvement for core in July
 versus total 2Q20 or even the pro forma year-over-year change so far in July.
 And then more broadly, and I think it's a little bit related to Stephen's question,
 And, you know, the narrative out there has been that the macro environment
 and growth in streaming is going to accelerate the shift of ad dollars
 from linear TV to connected TV and streaming.
 Can you talk about how well positioned you are to address that if that narrative does turn out to play out?
 Tom, I'll let you address how linear you want to get on guidance.
 Obviously, we saw substantial sequential improvement in core ad trends in July versus not only June, but the entire quarter.
 Tom I don't know if you want to add any more details to that
 but I'll let you speak to that.
 Sure. Well, I think what I'll say about July is obviously July was substantially better than the second quarter as a whole.
 And July was better than the last month of the second quarter.
 So, sequentially, things have gotten better, and that trend continues into early Q3.
 But as it relates to additional streaming services, you know, at some point there becomes
 kind of a sameness to them
 It's all about the content.
 If you have the
 content that people want, they will find a way to consume you, whether that's over the
 through a pay service or through a streaming service that we're paid to be on.
 and you have an inferior
 offering to the viewing public.
 It has obviously demonstrated that local news is a product that people want and are willing to pay for.
 I think we'll just stand by that
 You know, it's a lot less noisy at the operating level than it is perhaps at the investor level about these streaming services.
 You know, is it a fragmenting universe, but are they just taking from a wire, you know, from a traditional pay TV universe into a virtual pay TV universe?
 both sides of that transaction.
 you know, it's not nearly
 We're somewhat sanguine about it.
 You know, we have a product that people want.
 We're the largest producer of it in the country.
 It's called Local News, and we believe that product will stand the test of time as it has for the last 40 years' test of time.
 Yeah, I think that makes sense.
 And one more, if I could, does the – I guess for Tom,
 Does the target leverage ratio for this year contemplate any buybacks in the second half?
 And can you remind us of where we are in resuming the repurchase program?
 Thanks.
 Um, it does.
 I won't say how much of it is allocated to stock repurchases.
 The way we think, we have an authorization left from the board.
 We're currently not buying stock, but I would anticipate that to get revisited here in the not-too-distant future.
 The way we think about it is really starting on Labor Day, and quite honestly,
 that's probably not doing service to
 the fact that, as Perry mentioned, July
 political revenue is very strong and we think
 August will be as well.
 We're rapidly transitioning out of this being a story during the pandemic just about poor advertising revenue and what's happening there.
 The other two legs to the stool from our perspective, distribution revenue has been strong, continues to be strong.
 As Perry mentioned, we're on budget for the year.
 We're on budget for the second – we were on – we were actually above budget for the second quarter.
 We're on budget for the third quarter with regard to retransmission revenues.
 And then the third leg of the stool is political, and that candle is going to get lit here right around Labor Day
 and run really hard for the two months of September, October, and the first week of November.
 So the free cash flow of the company will continue to go along nicely
 and then get turbocharged by free cash flow from political beginning around Labor Day.
 As I've said to other people, I fully expect our capital allocation attitude to change from playing defense to playing offense sometime right around Labor Day.
 we're not there yet
 But I can see there from here, and when that happens, then I would imagine we wouldn't sit here with an unnatural $600 million of cash on our balance sheet.
 We deploy that by actually repaying debt and looking at stock repurchases, but that's a multivariable equation.
 and tell me what the stock is around that time, and I'll tell you what our appetite is.
 Right.
 Is that responsive, Zach?
 Yeah, that's helpful.
 Thank you, bro.
 I just want to add to Tom's comment about political view.
 most folks
 woke up this morning reading about
 Biden's buy that he's placing
 starting on September 1st in 15 states.
 Well, we operate substantial operations in 12 of those 15 states.
 just to point out that, you know,
 political will reach a crescendo around Labor Day that will continue on through the first
 week of November and
 And, again, with July results being above all of second quarter for political, you know, that's a pretty good measure, I think, of what's yet to come.
 And so we were made confident in our political guidance.
 story continues to prove, then I think you'll see Tom exercise more optionality around our cash
 board that currently exists on the balance sheet.
 Got it.
 Thanks, Gary.
 We'll now take our next question from Aaron Watts with Deutsche Bank.
 Hi, guys.
 Thanks for having me on.
 a couple questions on the ad environment
 I guess first, there's been some fits and starts in terms of COVID cases in pockets of the country.
 what behavior
 in your markets that have been
 affected by that
 And I guess on a related note, in terms of categories, just given the importance of the auto category,
 anything you can give us
 in terms of how that rebound
 is shaping up and what you're
 expecting from auto in the next couple months.
 Yeah, auto has rebounded.
 We're seeing better pacing and better results in Q3 than we did in Q2 when dealers were shut down.
 We're seeing certain of the OEMs move money around from market to market based on where they have cars,
 and that's primarily affected some of the foreign nameplates.
 On the whole, I think our expectations for Otto are that it will be less down sequentially going forward,
 as will most of core advertising.
 As it related to COVID, I didn't know if you meant how it affected the company or what we're seeing in our markets, but I can give you a little color on both.
 We have had 145 confirmed cases in the company since the beginning of the pandemic.
 Remarkably, out of a workforce of about 13,000 of people that are out in the community,
 We've only had one hospitalization, and that person is fully recovered.
 About 60% of our employees are working from the facility to which they are assigned.
 20% that are reporting to work, but not necessarily in the facility.
 reporters meeting their crews in the field to go to their first assignment
 and things of that sort, and we have another 20% that are working remotely, and, you know,
 I use the example with our board that, you know, everybody in Topeka is reporting to work.
 However, nobody is populating our New York offices because of the public transportation requirements,
 and they don't feel safe, and there's certainly no mandate to do that.
 And so that's kind of a proxy for the country.
 You know, we keep tabs by every market as to, you know, various stages of reopening.
 I would say that all of our markets have some degree of reopening, some more than others.
 There have been some pauses in California and Texas and others on further reopening.
 Areas have been rolled back, you know, bars and restaurants are not necessarily big advertising categories with us to begin with.
 Hospitality continues to be a category where we see no spend to speak of.
 some interstate tourism
 Like if you're in Texas, come to Arkansas and vice versa in Oklahoma.
 We're seeing some of that, but hospitality for us is a sub-2% category that, you know, is not materially driving our top line.
 So, Aaron, I don't know if that's the kind of flavor you were looking for,
 but I'm happy to answer any more specific follow-up.
 No, that's helpful.
 one last one for me
 and I appreciate the time again.
 you spoke to the importance of local news
 and the ad revenues that come in attest to that, to the overall revenue pie,
 if we're thinking about
 the potential that maybe NFL football is delayed or college football doesn't happen in the fall.
 How do we think about the flow through of that potential and what it could mean to your revenue pie?
 Sure. Well, I'm glad you asked that. It's interesting, at the local station level, which is where we live, all sports comprises about 10% of our advertising revenue.
 And of that, the NFL comprises about 60 percent of that 10 percent.
 So, let's just in real round numbers say that ad revenue support is half of our revenue and NFL is 6% of, 10% of that.
 So we're talking about three points of revenue.
 So from an advertising perspective, because of the limited avails that the local stations get in all of local sports,
 or all of televised sports that's not local.
 You know, it's not that big of a contributor, but obviously it has an outsized effect on viewership, on promotional ability.
 and I would say on the national psyche and on people's morale.
 Obviously, distributors are very interested in live sports because they know live sports and live news drive viewership.
 But from a pure financial advertising point of view, it's not all that material to our top or bottom line.
 Okay, perfect. That's exactly what I was looking for. Stay well, guys.
 Thank you.
 What do you think?
 Hi.
 I have two questions.
 First, I'm wondering if you could give us some color on what you're seeing in terms
 of subscriber declines in your markets, curious how they compare to the overall industry.
 and any color on advertising and distributor reception to News Nation
 and any expectations for when you might see some incremental revenue lift from NewsNation.
 Thanks.
 Tom, I'll let you refresh the subscriber, and then I'll talk about QN.
 How's that?
 Sure. I would say our experience with subscribers is not materially different than that of the MVPDs.
 Obviously, we are still getting an uplift from the virtual MVPD so that the traditional MVPD subscriber loss is somewhat recouped,
 recouped, but certainly not all recouped by the virtual MVPDs.
 And as Perry had mentioned, obviously we factor in our budgeting process
 and then our guidance process, you know, an attrition rate for subscribers
 and a unit rate for our revenue.
 to.
 And as we mentioned, that was basically in line for the second quarter and early returns
 for the third quarter are consistent with that expectation.
 So not getting into specific subscriber decline numbers, et cetera.
 I would say that we see and feel the same thing that the, you know, the distributors do.
 it's just that our
 you know our
 economics are a little bit different because we've got, you know, rate that helps us offset that,
 but it's consistent with our expectations.
 As it relates to WGN America, we have had, and, you know,
 Dana Zimmer and her team have been out presenting WGN America to every MBPD with which we already
 do business and also those that do not carry WGN, WGN America, and that's primarily in
 legacy Nexstar markets
 and we have an opportunity
 between now and the end of the year, for an incremental approximately 200,000 to 250,000 subs that could add WG in America.
 Now, these are smaller systems, again, where Nexar has a relationship, but there was no
 tribune relationship that would have included WG
 So there is upside there, and I would say that the reception from distributors has been positive,
 particularly from those who have existing contracts
 and realize there's going to be additional value
 add for no additional cost
 during the term of the current agreement
 We are distributed on AT&T now as the only virtual MBPD service that is offering WGN America.
 We are efforting to get distribution at the launch or shortly thereafter on other OTT services,
 and that will be value-add where WGN America is not currently distributed.
 But the reception from both the advertising community and the distribution community has been positive
 because we're investing in a product that will add value to their businesses as well.
 Great.
 Thanks, Barry.
 We'll take our next question from Dan with Benchmark.
 Thanks. Good morning. Slim Pickens left here after the strong prints and all the questions,
 But I guess I'll ask you one follow-up to the prior, Perry.
 I don't know if you're willing to sort of, you know, good color on sub-carriage incremental opportunity.
 Is there any way for us to think about sort of timing and higher thinking about the News Nation impact itself relative to either advertising or, I guess,
 ancillarily with your comments
 on carriage we know it's going to be self-funding
 Obviously, you have plans to kind of expand it.
 So just any help kind of framing your thoughts on sort of the magnitude of that opportunity.
 And then separately, you know, obviously there's been a lot of noise lately in the digital world,
 Facebook, Twitter, ad boycotts, all of that fun stuff.
 You guys are the largest.
 You guys have a pretty big network effect and a pretty strong digital portfolio yourselves.
 Is there any accrued benefit to you guys, or do you think that stays mostly in the digital bucket?
 Thanks.
 I'll speak first to WGN America.
 We have, I'm very impressed with the job that Dave Brodeman and his sales team have done
 and assembling advertisers for the premiere week of WGN, America's News Nation.
 blue chip names and
 at cost per points that are in excess of, I'm sorry, I should say cost per thousands
 that are in excess of 50% greater than what standard programming was generating alone.
 So that's a very positive initial indication.
 trying to rework some of the existing buys into the NewsNation primetime offering.
 What we could really use is, you know, an upfront or a fourth quarter scatter market to break.
 But all of that said, we do anticipate an incremental, let's call it low,
 eight-figure
 revenue contribution
 to WGN's ad revenue
 the four months of the end of this year.
 And again, given the size and scope of the operation, that wouldn't be deemed to be
 material, but we do, even in these conditions, expect a low eight-figure uplift in gross
 revenue there and
 distribution that will mostly
 come at the end of the year, so we'll
 Pac-2021 more than this year.
 There have been some incremental deals done already that will launch WGN America, you know, between now and the end of the year.
 But I would say the vast majority of that impact would be felt in 2021.
 And, again, you're talking a potential uplift of, you know, a quarter of a million subscribers on a, you know, Nielsen reported, I think, 75 million subscriber base.
 So even that is incremental, but it's all incremental,
 and that's what we're going to do is drive incremental growth out of the assets that we own.
 And then the thoughts on either Facebook, Twitter, as it relates to CORE,
 political if that stays in the digital
 bucket or if you can pick some of that up.
 Yeah, listen, I think the most direct transfer could be in political if people, you know,
 If certain platforms are refusing those ads, that money has to go somewhere.
 And, you know, without conventions to fund and without rallies to fund, the one way to reach people is through broadcast television.
 I think we're seeing an evidence of that right now.
 So I think that would be probably the direct transfer.
 with all the boycats and all of that
 I don't think you've seen a substantial decline in digital revenue performance on those platforms.
 So at this point, the damage is more reputational than financial.
 and we'll see how deep the government wants to get involved in taking a look
 in potentially regulating these companies more symmetrically with the way we're regulated.
 At this point, I think the financial transfer outside of political, to the best of our knowledge, is minimal.
 Got it, super helpful.
 Thanks for the color in the next quarter.
 The next question will come from Craig Hubbard with Hubbard Research Partners.
 Yes, good morning.
 All right.
 A few questions.
 And last quarter on your conference call, I believe you guys said your re-trans subs were down 4%, 4.5% year over year.
 As you guys may know, Sinclair on the call right before you said the second quarter
 Subs were down about 7%, including the benefit from the virtual side.
 Should I assume that you guys were down roughly about 7% for the second quarter for your subs?
 Is that reasonable?
 Slightly worse in the first quarter.
 No
 Should I assume it's a little bit better than that then?
 Or can you just help me understand your question?
 I would say it's more consistent with the second quarter.
 the second quarter
 I'm sorry
 Do you need more consistent with the first quarter down four, four and a half?
 Oh, I'm sorry.
 with what we announced the first quarter.
 You're right, first quarter.
 But Joe, I wouldn't say it's down four.
 Craig, I'm not going to get the exact number.
 I've already said that.
 It's not down seven, but it's closer to the previous quarter's results.
 Okay, I appreciate that.
 can you help us
 your TV advertising
 casings for the month of
 August. Would you say that those
 are tracking better the rate of decline
 and if your core advertising for that is tracking better than what July turned out to be.
 I think it's a little, we have very, you know, few days in August here.
 I'm thinking, you know, it's a little too early to be making any comments with regard to that.
 Okay, can you help us then maybe just – I'm trying to understand then what you're sort of budgeting
 or thinking the rate of decline for your core advertising
 could be down in the third quarter.
 I think that's why we're not
 That's why we're not giving guidance, right?
 it's going to be down
 Tell us what you're talking about.
 Yeah, how much July was down, if you would?
 I think I told you it was down less.
 Again, I'm not going to give specific numbers, but July was down less than June, and June was obviously – it's just math.
 If the entire quarter was down 35% and every month within the second quarter got better,
 then clearly June was down less than 35%.
 And July was down less than June.
 That's kind of the extent of the forward-looking guidance that we're going to give
 as it relates to specific advertising revenue.
 Okay.
 Anyway, maybe let me ask another question then.
 And in this virus situation that's going out there, in the states where the virus cases have gotten dramatically worse here in the last several weeks,
 Have you guys seen a material change in the core TV advertising?
 in those markets.
 Is there any significant change where you can talk about that?
 No, and again, you know, cases in Texas have gone down.
 I mean, you know, we don't operate just in one area that you're in that you might be hearing that news from, right?
 So you've got to look across 114 markets and look at, you know, those states and, you know, cases might be reported to be up 30%, which could be 100 cases in a state.
 I mean, you've got to put all of these numbers into context, but I would say, no, the evidence is in, you know, in our results in July and our pacing in August and our pacing in September, all substantially better than where we exited second quarter and then we performed in second quarter.
 So, you know, the proof is in the numbers.
 As Tom says, it's just math.
 But, you know, we have not seen any, and I think I just said this, you know,
 Hospitality continues to be down.
 Auto's improving.
 We don't get a lot of money from restaurants unless it's QSR.
 and they're making mints
 through their drive-thru.
 So, you know, things are – we're seeing steady improvements, and even we're – you know, pausing and opening is better than not being open at all,
 And that's kind of our worst-case scenario in some of our markets, and in others, we don't have that.
 And, you know, this morning we're dealing with the aftermath of storms up the east coast from the Carolinas into Virginia
 and up into Pennsylvania, New York, and flooding and those kinds of things.
 And those are going to be more, you know, temporary disruptors to businesses until they can reopen than the pandemic.
 It's situational, and we deal with it, and you've got to add it all together,
 Nothing other than business as usual is the way we deal with things.
 and I think the results speak for themselves.
 And my last question, guys.
 On the cost front, you guys talked about pro forma costs in the second quarter down 18%.
 Can you give us a little bit more to how we should we think about your cost trends for the third quarter?
 I know you gave a figure there versus your budget for the third quarter.
 He had a similar one for the second quarter.
 but just what sort of costs that you could help us a little bit think about that may not repeat the cost savings
 and a third quarter you benefit from in a second.
 Thank you.
 I really don't understand the question other than the fact, obviously,
 we had guided to $40 million in cost takeouts in the second quarter, which we believe, you know,
 which we overperformed on, that same number for the third quarter is $25 million,
 as we, obviously some of those are variable costs.
 as advertising starts to return, those costs go up.
 Some of them are discretionary that we will add back in.
 We will travel more in the third quarter than we did in the second quarter.
 we basically couldn't have traveled any less in the second quarter than we did.
 so some of the
 discretionary costs will get added back in, but that will be more than offset by higher
 advertising revenues in the second quarter, but specifically as it relates
 to, you know, if you're
 Looking year over year, the majority of the synergies taken out of the Tribune transaction
 have occurred, so that won't change materially, sequentially, Q2, Q3 over Q2, and you'll
 have some added expense coming back in, but that's the extent of some of the pushes and
 the polls on expenses.
 You answered it well.
 Thank you.
 Appreciate that, guys.
 We'll now take out of JK Media.
 I hope you can hear me having internet problems like a lot of people in the neighborhood.
 Two quickies.
 Tom
 I think the 24
 bonds were callable two days ago
 and I heard nothing
 Does that mean they're not likely to be cold?
 Well, again, John, I think that's consistent with our message that, you know,
 in the next 30 to 45 days, I think we will have a better feel on actual political revenue coming in, you know, Labor Day.
 and obviously same with another month of core, and we'll be able to start making more aggressive decisions
 with regard to capital allocation in the, you know,
 Obviously, in the last 120 days and probably the next 30 days, we're still going to continue
 to take a pretty conservative view on that,
 but hopefully be able to flip the switch and become a little bit more aggressive in the near term.
 Secondly, did I hear correctly that you're on track for mid-teens net retrans growth this year?
 And you mentioned that the gross retran is up high 20s pro forma.
 Did I hear that correctly?
 gross, high 20s, net
 mid-teams.
 So far this year, our retrans revenue growth has exceeded 20%.
 That is correct.
 We have budgeted for mid-teens, yes, well, 28 in the second quarter.
 I forget what exactly
 the first quarter is
 We budgeted for mid-teams growth in net retrans for the entire year, but so far we have exceeded that.
 Right.
 So net retrans margins are down, you know, more than a little bit this year.
 Is that correct?
 No, I would say that they're actually up a little bit because we've included a fair amount of Tribune subscribers
 that are non-Big Four affiliates where our net retrans margin, you know, is substantially in excess of 50%.
 Got it. Thank you very much.
 And we'll now take our next question from Jim Goss with Barrington Research.
 Thanks.
 During the early days of the pandemic, there seemed to be a surge in – or a pretty good increase, at least, in usage and even sampling of broadcast and other video in categories that didn't take – or didn't tend to –
 Support can be requested.
 If you would like to cancel this request, please press stop zero again.
 Not sure what happened there.
 But I was wondering if any of that has proven sustainable or...
 Your support request has been cancelled.
 If you would like to cancel this request, please press star zero again.
 I'm sorry, am I not heard?
 Go ahead, Jim.
 I think somebody's trying to either record or exit the call.
 Okay, sorry.
 but anyway I was wondering if any of the
 increased usage and sampling has proven sustainable.
 or has it mostly dissipated?
 And did any of that play a role in your re-trans negotiations during that period?
 We had precious few re-trans negotiations done in the first half of the year.
 We had one top ten that we're, you know, we're pleased with the results on.
 comments earlier I did report that
 our viewership
 And I highlighted the 18 to 34 demographic.
 You know, obviously it was up in April 151%, 83% in May, and 89% in June over the prior year.
 Our digital page views, which were in excess of $2.3 billion for the quarter, were $1.1 billion in April.
 And then in the month of June, just by comparison, our local websites were up 60% compared to the prior year.
 So there is some COVID fatigue, I think, but I also think there is increased interest in local news.
 We consider ourselves to be the last bastion of local news with the diminution of newspaper and radio local coverage and content.
 You know, we do think that there is stickiness to this.
 You know, the long tail will determine how much, but people continue to turn to our newscasts in record numbers.
 And it's amazing.
 ATLA in Los Angeles and WGN in Chicago, independent stations by and large, but producing copious amounts of local news,
 are ranking number one in all day parts, beating all of the network O&Os in virtually every newscast.
 And that just speaks to the power of localism, that you're not dependent on network lead-in or lead-out to generate your audience.
 You're doing it on your own, and by that kind of execution, producing those kinds of results.
 Okay, and one last thing.
 I was wondering about the promotion efforts to create visibility for News Nation, as that is, you know, coming to the fore.
 And also, it seems like CNN tended to fill a similar role to that which you're targeting, where it tended to be unbiased, maybe it's a little less so these days.
 And in that era, it would tend to be the place to go when something, an event occurred, but some of the other news, more pointed newscasts politically would sort of gather their base in more normal times.
 And I'm wondering if there's a way for you to position yourself to, you know, sort of gather at least that role and maybe, you know, maybe have something more sustainable.
 And if this proves successful, do you think you've broadened it beyond the three-hour original time frame?
 Well, thanks, Jim.
 There's a lot in there to unpack.
 I'll try and do my best with it here.
 Obviously, that is how CNN started.
 anyone listening to this call thinks
 CNN is in that same place today from an unbiased political lean.
 we as I've said before
 We have a staff of rhetoricians and two full-time staff that do nothing but check scripts and
 reporting for unconscious bias and bias in our
 writing and we've had very spirited
 discussions about that even in the
 rehearsals you know
 we do
 think we will be that place to go for news that doesn't make a 22-minute news hole in a network
 evening news broadcasts or much news on the opinion-based talk networks.
 For example, last night in our rehearsals, we did a story on the first woman police chief in Colorado Springs,
 And that's not a story you'd see every place else.
 But, again, we've got the country divided up into six zones, and we have zone producers,
 Their job is to know exactly what's going on in those zones, in all of those newsrooms
 and what might be of interest to a national audience.
 In addition to the 150 people we've hired in Chicago, correspondents that are also based in Miami, New York, Dallas, Los Angeles, and D.C.
 that report exclusively for the network, as well as all the behind-the-scenes production folks
 that we think we can give a more representative view of America
 than perhaps what's seen inside the New York Beltway.
 So we think there's a purpose for that, and there's a reason for that.
 and the acceptance of that concept now has been very enthusiastic.
 I think it's now just on us to deliver.
 As it relates to promotion, we have secured something that none of the other networks,
 news networks, I think, are able to compete with, and that is to harness the power of
 296 television stations across the Next Star Nation to promote this newscast on a day-date specific basis beginning later this month.
 And if you look at the annualized promotion value that the stations will be contributing on a dedicated basis, it's something approaching $100 million.
 dollars. We are layering
 on top of that on an annualized basis approximately $20 million of outside promotion expense,
 which primarily goes for advertising on other cable networks
 because we're just a channel change away at that point on national and syndicated radio.
 We're also, you know, investing heavily in social media, not only because of the app,
 but to try and drive a younger demographic to an alternative newscast.
 And so we think our promotion spending, you know, all taken together, you know, a nine-figure amount of both cash
 and in-kind contributions for the company are another asset that will hopefully drive success for this effort.
 And, again, it is a counter-programming opportunity in prime time,
 and we're going to do our best to succeed there.
 obviously if we are successful
 We would look at other day parts, but we're taking very much of a crawl, walk, run approach to this.
 We want to get it right, and, you know, we will grow as fast as our success would allow us to grow.
 So I think I'd leave it at that.
 But, you know, we're very excited about the prospect of introducing an alternative in prime time
 to entertainment, sports, and opinion programming,
 and that the product will strike a chord and resonate with the audience
 and then, you know, audience growth and advertiser growth will continue.
 Tune in.
 It launches on September 1st.
 Okay.
 Thank you, Kev.
 very well.
 our question and answer session for today.
 over to Mr. Cook for any additional or closing remarks.
 Well, thank you, Operator.
 Again, we're very pleased at our progress and we're pleased at our strong financial position
 excited about the launch of WG in America
 and the advent of the political spending season
 and that will all be upon us before our next call.
 So we look forward to reporting back to you shortly after Election Day with the early results on all of those efforts.
 And thank you very much for your time this morning.
 Thanks for joining us.
 And once again, that does conclude today's conference.
 Thank you all for your participation.
 Hear me now, Jessica.