 Okay, Dan, welcome to the next our Media Group Second Quarter 2020 Results Call.
 Today's call is being recorded.
 from the conference over to Joe Giovanni and Best of Relations.
 Thank you Anna and welcome everyone. I just want to read the safe harbor language after which we'll get to the
 actual presentation. All statements and comments made by management during this conference
 call other than statements for historical fact and they begin forward-looking statements
 for the purposes of the private security's litigation
 in the form act of 1995.
 extra caution that these forward-looking statements are subject to risk turn certainties that
 may cause actual results to differ maturely from those reflected by the forward-looking
 statements made during the call.
 or additional details on these response,
 Please see next week's annual report on Form 10K for the year end of December 31, 2019,
 and next are subsequent filings with Securities and Exchange Commission.
 extra undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether
 as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.
 It's now my pleasure to turn the conference call over to your host, next our Chairman,
 President and CEO Terry, Terry, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Joseph, and good morning, everyone. Thank you all for joining us. Review Next
 records second quarter results today.
 As we get started, I want to acknowledge the Externation team members for their frontline essential work and tireless efforts to provide viewers and users with continuous access to local news and other services.
 despite the challenges presented by the pandemic and recent civil unrest.
 With our planning and preparation, strong balance sheet, and commitment to our markets and employees,
 I'm proud to say that Nexar has kept our employee roster intact.
 and our record quarterly results again reflect our team's commitment to flexibility throughout this time.
 As always, our Chief Financial Officer, Tom Carter, is on the call with me this morning.
 Next, our industry-leading scale and diversification, our solid execution, such as our new business
 strategies and a rapid adoption of cost containment programs at the onset of the pandemic resulted
 and records second quarter results
 with all of our cash flow metrics
 well above consensus expectations.
 The 41% rise in the second quarter net revenue reflects growth in total television advertising
 As we draw here over your increases in the same space as new television business, and
 strong shares of political spending in our markets, as well as the 71% year over year
 increase in distribution fever. As such, despite the economic pressures related to the pandemic,
 Next, our top-line growth in operating and expense management disciplines resulted in
 and a 38.7 increase in net income.
 and records second quarter broadcast cash flow
 of the EBITDA and free cash flow with those net metrics growing 28%, 49% and 127% respectively
 on a year-over-year basis.
 As the world continues to address the health and economic challenges brought on by the
 pandemic. The strength of our business model and enterprise-wide focus on managing operations
 for free cash flow, enabled us to bring about 21% of every net revenue dollar to the free
 cash flow line. In the year-to-date period, next door is generated approximately $631
 of free cash flow before one-time transaction expenses.
 By way of comparison, we generated a total of $521 million of free cash flow in all of 2019.
 So, our growth momentum remains strong even before the upcoming benefit of political spending
 Reflecting repurchases made in Q1, we have reduced our share count to approximately 45.5 million shares outstanding.
 So 2020 year-to-date free cash flow per share amounts to about $13.86 per share.
 And we remain confident in our unique positioning in this environment to again generate significant
 pre-cash flow in the current quarter and again in Q4 of this year.
 Speaking of the full year 2020, it's important to remember that approximately 60% of our annual
 was expected to be derived from contrastual distribution
 fee and political advertising revenue, which is not expected to be materially impacted
 by the pandemic.
 Specifically, Nexstar has solid visibility in terms of our contractual distribution
 economics through December of 2022. As we complete a new multi-year re-transmission
 consent agreements representing approximately 70% of our
 at year-end 2019, as well as new long-term network affiliation contracts with CBS, Fox,
 and NBC.
 At the same time, Nexster has a strong balance sheet, including approximately $665 million
 with an access to another $140 million under our revolving credit facility.
 We continually successfully navigate through the evolving challenges presented by the pandemic
 based on our core value of serving communities where we operate by delivering
 and leading local news, and other critical information,
 content to viewers, whether on air or online.
 In this regard, next are stations that produced 41 separate town hall meetings addressing
 state and regional responses to the virus.
 Additionally, NEXTAR has generated over 30 different programs related to recent civil
 unrest and race relations in our communities.
 local news and information, while it's never been more essential for Americans, the pandemic
 has changed consumers' media consumption habits in ways
 to showcase the inherent strength
 of local broadcast television.
 our content and Nectar's leading local brands as the most powerful and trusted voice in
 the country, more people are turning into their stations, local newscasts than ever before.
 According to Nielsen data, even as states and localities began to reopen in the second
 quarter.
 Local broadcast television evening news viewership among adults aged 18 to 34 remained impressively
 high with year-over-year increases and average cumulative weekly impressions in April, May,
 of 151 percent, 83 percent, and 89 percent respectively.
 Similarly, on the digital front, Nextar's websites and mobile apps grew year-over-year
 page views by 250% to 1.1 billion in April, with total monthly users up 133% to 96 million.
 We continue to generate strong digital audiences throughout the quarter with weekday and weekend
 pageview traffic across our local websites up 50 and 60% respectively during the months
 of June compared to the prior year.
 Additionally, in terms of unique users,
 Next Star's digital properties ranked number one in the country in local news.
 12 in all of news and information, and with a number 33 site overall domestically in June
 as measured by COM score.
 as the nation's largest producer of local news programming.
 The next hour's proprietary content provides essential news and information to users and
 viewers.
 that is unique and relevant to each of the local communities
 we serve across the United States.
 Now more than ever, viewers rely on television news to stay informed about everything from
 the latest pandemic developments to the reopening of the economy to the upcoming election.
 with next cars, market leading, stations and sites,
 deep local and national reach.
 and local broadcast record of being the most influential
 and effective medium for both brands and politicians.
 We expect to see advertisers continuing to allocate increased spending to our broadcasts
 and digital platforms as this rep resolves.
 Turning back to some second quarter highlights, total television advertising revenue increased
 18.1% of $319.8 million, including political revenue of $21.6 million and core advertising
 of 298.2 million.
 While local and national advertisers adapted their media plans during the second quarter,
 We stop sequential month over month improvement
 in our same station core advertising revenue performance
 from April to May, from May to June,
 and this trend continuing in July.
 notwithstanding marketplace challenges.
 Our local sales initiatives continue to generate healthy levels of new business with second quarter new to television and revenue rising on both a quarterly sequential and year-over-year basis.
 In total, our sales team generated $20.7 million of second quarter news and television
 Revenue.
 11.3% rise over the first quarter and a 4.5% rise over the comparable 2019 period.
 As I mentioned at the outset of our call, our new business strategies,
 ongoing sales training, education, and deployment of performance-focused initiatives combined
 practices have proven very effective in our ability to capture and spend share in both
 and digital locally.
 We recorded healthy levels of Q2 spending by political action committees and from candidates
 with 20, 22nd quarter political revenue of 21.6 million,
 It's exceeding our expectations from early in the quarter,
 despite the cancellation of some primaries.
 Both presidential campaigns have recently generated record levels of fundraising, which
 goes well for our upcoming political revenues trajectory.
 as such, our full year 2020 expectation
 for net political revenue and the low $400 million range remains unchanged.
 Recent distribution agreement renewals and the inclusion of WGN America resulted in a 71% rise
 and second quarter distribution revenue to 536.5 million
 representing nearly 59% of total net revenue.
 Second quarter 2020 total digital revenue declined by approximately $9.6 million or 17%, reflecting our focus on higher margin profitable operations.
 while digital profitability was up substantially
 with a comparable prior year period as our website
 and mobile app engagement also rose significantly.
 Total combined second quarter digital and distribution fee revenue of $583.2 million
 rose approximately 57.1% over the prior year period and priced 64% of quarterly revenues
 up from 57% in the year ago period.
 The year-over-year increase in second quarter distribution revenue reflects the new agreements
 reached in-
 in the second half of 2019.
 and a realization of Trudy and Media Revenue Synergies
 after required clauses in our retransmission consent contracts
 and as noted, the inclusion of WG in America.
 Product expectations for net re-trans growth remain unchanged for the balance of the year
 We're fricking new long-term network affiliation agreements with CVS Fox and NBC completed in the second half of 2019.
 And as a result, over 80% of our big four affiliations are contracted through December 31
 of 2021 and over 70 percent of our big four affiliations are contracted through December 31
 of 2022 with our successful 2019 renewal of retransmission consent agreements representing
 approximately 70% of our subscriber base, with approximately 17% of the base to be
 renewed this year. Our significant net returns revenue growth in 2020 will
 compliment the strong political growth and spending that we're seeing taken
 together, the affiliation renewals, which also include OTT agreements, our new retrans
 contracts and sub-levels that remain in line with our forecast.
 pretty clear visibility for our net retrans revenue growth expectations in 2020 and beyond.
 As we discussed on the last call at the onset of the pandemic, we took immediate action
 to adapt our business to address the economic impact
 in the U.S. commercial advertising market.
 We implemented a range of cost-cutting initiatives which resulted in operating and corporate
 expense savings in excess of $40 million from budgeted second quarter levels.
 Looking at...
 the third quarter, while the pandemic continues to impact commercial advertising, we're seeing
 the same pattern of month-over-month improvement in our pacing data and expect the benefit
 from significantly increased levels of political ad spending, and, in fact, our July political
 billing exceeded that of all of Q2.
 Overall, we're encouraged by continuing signs of recovery
 across our station footprint.
 and by key economic indicators, including employment data
 consumer spending. And at present, we're cautiously optimistic about the return of
 live sports as live news and sports programming continues to generate the strongest levels
 the viewership across our all demographics.
 Additionally, preparations for the September 1 launch of WGN America's primetime national
 Newcast, NewsNation, which will reach approximately 75 million households across the country are
 We're proceeding on schedule and on budget.
 We're in rehearsals now, and my first impressions of the product are very positive.
 News National will air daily from 8 p.m. to 11 p.m. E.T. and will draw on the local, regional and national expertise of NextGar's 5,400 journalists and 110 local newsrooms across the country.
 And during the quarter, we announced the anchor teams and correspondents for our live three-hour
 national newscasts were already attracting strong interest from leading national advertisers
 at much higher than normal cost per points for WGN America.
 Broadcast will deliver news reporting that is fact-based, impactful, and unbiased, and
 We're confident that there are more Americans than ever before that we're seeking just that.
 In addition to the live nightly newscast, News Nation's team of reporters and producers
 will deliver news 24 hours a day online through News Nation soon to be launched at News Nation
 which will create another opportunity for monetization and revenue diversification.
 As always, we remain committed to generating free cash flow, actively managing our capital
 our cost of capital and our liquidity position to provide the financial flexibility to support
 our business.
 and enhance shareholder returns as we emerge from the pandemic.
 during the first half of 2020,
 We allocated approximately $594 million in cash from operations and investments towards
 debt reduction, opportunistic share where purchases and cash dividends.
 Distantly, as I mentioned before, NEXTAR continues to maintain a strong balance sheet, including
 665 maintenance cash on hand at June 30 with access to additional $140 million under our
 Revolving Credit Facility. On the return of capital front in late June, we declared our
 a third quarterly cash dividend at the new $0.56 per share level, which was 24% ahead
 of last year's payout.
 With our 191% year-to-date free cash flow growth, our contractual distribution fee revenues,
 our food network distribution.
 historically low LIBOR rates which have reduced our interest expense and what is projected
 to be the biggest presidential election cycle
 in the company's history.
 We remain confident in our positioning
 to be free cash flow positive in every quarter of 2020.
 And we continue to expect next Thursday's net leverage
 declined to approximately four times by year end.
 in summary, while the pandemic has presented challenges
 for most every industry.
 Next, our leading local platforms are well-positioned
 continue building the top line, maintaining close control of fixed and variable cost and
 optimizing the balance sheet.
 time, our disciplines in these areas have strengthened the resiliency of our business
 in our business model and created an unrivaled,
 local marketing platform.
 while supporting increasing growing and growing returns
 for our shareholders.
 With that said, let me turn the call over to Tom Carter
 for our financial review and update.
 Tom?
 Thanks, Perry, and good morning, everybody.
 As outlined in this morning's press release, the actual results for the three and six-month
 send to June 30, 2020.
 Reflect the company's legacy next-door operations.
 and results from Turbune media stations,
 which were acquired on September 19th, 2019.
 second quarter 2020 revenue from WG in America.
 also acquired in the Tribune Transaction is included in core television advertising revenue
 and distribution fee revenue.
 contribution from NICSTAR's 31.3% ownership stake in calories and food network and other
 investments acquired in the Traveen transaction is included in the full income statement under
 income or loss on equity investments net and in the cash flow statement under
 distributions from equity investments.
 The comparable three- and six-month period ended June 30, 2019, reflects legacy next-door
 operations during that period.
 Actual results also reflect the impact of one-time transaction expenses incurred in
 the quarters, both in the quarters and the six month period ending June 30, 2020 and June
 With that, I'll start with a review of Nextstar's Q2 Income Statement and Balance Sheet data,
 which I'll provide an update on our capital structure
 and some points of guidance.
 on a combined company basis and pro-forma for the invested station, second quarter same
 station net total revenue was down six percent due to a decline in same station core advertising
 revenue of approximately 35%, reflecting a sharp decline in April due to the pandemic and subsequent
 month-over-month improvement from April to May, from May to June.
 The same station distribution fee revenue was up 28 percent
 and continuing digital revenues were down 18.2 percent,
 reflecting local agency services revenue growth of approximately 8 percent while station website
 revenue was down approximately 30 percent due to software local customer buying trends
 related to the pandemic.
 to offset the anticipated impact of COVID-19
 on commercial advertising revenue.
 late in the first quarter.
 next time.
 range of cost-cutting initiatives, which resulted in operating and corporate expense savings
 in excess of $40 million from budgeted levels
 in the second quarter of 2020.
 Second quarter station direct operating expenses,
 net of trade expense for approximately $414 million up from $292 million in the prior
 year, primarily reflecting the full quarter of incremental
 expenses associated with the Tribune operations and the budgeted growth in
 and network affiliation expense as a partial offset
 to our rising distribution revenue.
 The second quarter of the station, SG&A, was approximately 158 million, inclusive of the
 tribute operations.
 Same station, pro forma fixed expenses, excluding programming expenses were down 18% over the
 year-over-year period due to synergies related
 from the Tribune acquisition and the previously mentioned
 And, that is the end of this video.
 Thank you very much for watching.
 in the activities in response to the pandemic.
 Corporate expenses were $35 million, inclusive of $13 million of stock-based comp and approximately
 5.4 million of one-time transaction expenses.
 and excluding non-cash, top and one-time transaction expenses,
 recurring corporate expenses for approximately $17 million, which came in better than the
 guidance we have provided in the first quarter call of approximately $21.5 million by the
 the end of April, the vast majority of the initial operating synergies of the transient
 transactions have been realized.
 Second quarter, operating cash taxes were approximately $6 million, substantially lower
 than our guidance of 45 to 50 million due to a timing difference.
 That 40 to $45 million variance will now be paid in Q3.
 ongoing capex and transaction capex total $40 million,
 spectrum repact capex total $13 million,
 and received approximately $26 million of reimbursements
 from the FCC during the quarter.
 As a reminder, we anticipate being fully reimbursed
 for all spectrum-related CAPEX over the course of the year.
 Second quarter total interest expense amounted to $82 million up from $51 million in the same period in 2019,
 cash interest expense was $78 million compared to $49 million last year, with increases due
 to obviously the increased debt associated with the Tribune funding, partially offset
 by lower interest rates.
 second quarter broadcast cashflow of 291 million, as well as adjusted EBITDA of 298 million
 and free cash flow of $200 million, all pre-transaction expenses, exceeded consensus expectations
 and primarily reflect the realization of synergies
 and growth related to the Tribune Transaction Distribution Agreement renewals executed in
 the second half of the year and the deferred tax, cash taxes as I mentioned before.
 Adjusted EBITDA and pre-cash flow reflect approximately $27 million in distributions
 from equity investments related to our 31% ownership
 in the TV Food Network.
 As a reminder, we received cash distributions from TV Food on a quarterly basis with the
 the largest payment recorded during the first quarter of each year.
 for the third quarter of 2020.
 We anticipate recording approximately $12 million in TV food network distributions.
 We expect cost savings in Q3 to approximate $25 million
 relative to the originally budgeted levels as variable cost
 and discretionary expenditures are prudently brought back online with the expected strengthening
 of the economy and the broadcasting advertising environment.
 For the third quarter, we project recurring cash corporate overhead exclusive of SOCTOMP
 and transactions cost would be approximately $23 million.
 and we will easily meet our run-rate cash corporate overhead guidance for approximately
 $120 million for the entire year.
 Non-cash comp is projected to be approximately $13 million for the quarter and $48 million
 for the full year, transaction expenses will approximate $3 million for the quarter
 and will decline for the remainder part of the year.
 Third quarter operating cash taxes are now estimated to be approximately $150 million
 And operating cash taxes for the entire year will now come in at approximately $250 million
 in total.
 Non-operating c-
 .
 tax is associated with the gains on the asset sales and legal sentiments in Q3 will be a
 approximately 83 million.
 Third quarter cap X should tell me that approximately $40 million,
 and we're still expecting approximately $160 million
 for the entire year.
 We're proceeding on budget with our investment related to the launch of WG and America's
 Fronetime National Newscast News Nation on September 1st and prioritized capital expenditures
 to maintain maximum flexibility in the current environment,
 Meaning the timing of certain topics can be delayed
 until later quarters if required.
 Finally, we expect next star's cash interest expense to approximately $78 million for the
 third...
 quarter and 325 to 350 million for the full year, reflecting interest expense savings
 related to the decline in LIBOR rates.
 Turning to the balance sheet, next star is outstanding data.
 at June 30 was approximately $8 billion and consisted of $5.4 billion of term loans and
 two series of senior subordinated notes, one at approximately $900 million and the other
 at $1.8 billion, with maturities of 2024 and 2027, respectively.
 Total net data approximated 7.4 billion
 June 30 compared to $7.6 billion at March 31st and $8.3 billion at $1231,219.
 net debt for first-lean covenant purposes is $5.2 billion, with net cash limited to
 to a $200 million amount.
 Our first lean cabinet ratio at June 30th was approximately 3.11 compared to 3.52 at year
 end which is well below our first link covenant of four and a quarter. As a reminder, our first
 between covenant limits, cash-in-editing,
 approximately $200 billion.
 Our total net leverage at quarter end was 4.47 compared to 5.18 at year end.
 And as a reminder, NEXTAR's only covenant is our first lane debt covenant, which is
 to be aforementioned four and a quarter.
 at the onset of the pandemic.
 Next, our took immediate actions to adopt our business to the
 in current environment.
 to preserve liquidity in order to best position the company for long-term success as we return
 to normalized operations.
 In this regard, we continue to prioritize cash retention.
 and I have to add approximately 231 million
 to our first quarter cash position
 for a total cash balance of $665 million at June 30th
 with an additional $140 million
 available under our Evolving Credit Facility.
 At the same time, during the second quarter, we returned approximately $25 million to shareholders
 through the quarterly cash dividend and made $13 million in payments on our debt.
 During the first half of 2020, we have accurately managed our capital structure,
 cost of capital, and liquidity position to support our business in this challenging environment
 while enhancing your older returns.
 year to date we have allocated approximately $594 million towards shareholder value-creating
 initiatives, including $473 million in debt reduction, $51 million in dividend payments,
 and $73 million in share repurchase.
 in the near time, while preliminary data suggests
 ongoing sequential improvement in economic trends and the commercial
 advertising environment, we continue to focus on cash preservation in order to optimize
 our financial flexibility is removed through the third quarter.
 looking ahead with continued double-digit year-over-year growth
 and distribution revenue and what are expected
 to be robust ending levels related to the upcoming presidential election, which we do
 do not expect to be maturely impacted by the coronavirus.
 We have excellent visibility on over 50% of our annual revenue
 2020.
 As such, we expect to breathe free crash,
 in the third and fourth quarters.
 in addition to continuing our dividend payments,
 payments, we remain committed to allocating the vast majority of our free cash flow towards
 leverage reduction and confident in reaching our target level for the reduced level of home
 that leverage to four times by year-end 2020.
 The next star has already made significant progress
 in our leverage reduction plan and we enjoy a strong cash position with additional capacity
 under our revolver.
 In addition, the reduction in interest rate,
 expense related to the favorable LIBOR rates, operating expense savings, and our capital
 allocation prioritization will also serve us well in the second half of 2020.
 the results were confident in our liquidity position
 and the ability to service our debt
 through these challenging times.
 and do not anticipate liquidity or covenant issues
 as we move through the year.
 in summary, despite the unprecedented challenge
 of the pandemic, our scale, leadership, flexibility, synergy,
 and operation plans are generating results.
 Our capital structure is in great shape from a cost of capital, maturity, and ability to
 quickly as the rest leverage.
 In addition, our service to our local communities
 and local and national advertisers
 has never been stronger.
 Our disciplines in these areas have driven significant growth, as well as consistency
 and visibility to our results and we remain confident in our ability to enhance shareholder
 value in the near term and on the other side of the pandemic.
 That concludes the financial review for the call.
 I'll now turn it over back to Perry for some closing remarks before Q&A.
 Thanks very much, Tom.
 In summary, I hope that our comments today reinforce the fact
 fact that we remain confident in the strength and the resilience of next-stars scaled and
 diversified business model.
 Next, our leading local platform is well-positioned
 to withstand this environment, do the several factors,
 including our differentiated broadcast
 and digital sales programs, the continued growth
 of our distribution revenue stream
 and what are projected to be record levels
 of political spending here in 2020.
 In terms of capital allocation, we believe that our free cash flow combined with the
 and active management of both our cost structure
 in our balance sheet will provide us
 with financial flexibility to continue supporting
 our shareholder value creation.
 As a result, next are as well positioned to fully participate in the recovery and we remain
 highly confident in our core strategies in terms of serving the communities where we
 have operations and building the top line, maintaining close control of fixed and variable
 and optimizing the balance sheet.
 This focus, combined with our time-proven operating strategies, is enabling NexGuard
 to overcome the near-term challenges and extend our long-term record of growth and sure-holder
 value creation.
 We look forward very much to catching up with you with another positive report just after
 on behalf of the entire next star nation,
 board and our management team. Thank you for your continued interest, support, and
 for joining us today.
 open the call to Q&A to address your specific areas of interest. Operator?
 Yes, sir. Thank you. And if you would like to ask a question, please send my pressing star one on your cell phone keypad.
 If you are using A for speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off
 That's while I ask the military to re-quit them.
 Again, that is star one, if you would like to ask a question.
 And we'll take our first question from John Janities with Wolf Research.
 Thank you.
 There are two for you.
 One is, you talked about local news and viewership.
 What are you seeing in terms of advertising demand
 in news relative to the day parts given the radius you spoke to and then I guess the sub-levels
 of the line of expectations is the re-true that there's been no noticeable impact from
 in the pandemic or is actually soon to call given away?
 And as it relates to the local news, you know, through the first six months of this year,
 51 per...
 percent of our total advertising revenue came from local news and that's up over the prior
 cumulative totals, which indicates, obviously, advertisers are putting their money into that
 with increasing frequency.
 Obviously, the demand is where the audience is,
 where the audience is for us right now.
 we do see continued read through and we're hopeful that the audience gains at least some
 Some of them will be sticky when, you know, and I hate to use this term, when the new
 normal settles in as to whatever that is. But so far, through this normal, people in
 all age groups are tuning to our local news broadcasts in increasing numbers.
 I will say that, I mean, obviously, MBPDs have reported sub-counts in attrition for
 the quarter, you know, those are factored into our projections and analyses and our retrans
 revenue is, again, we forecast attrition into our budgeting process and we are at budget
 on Retrends Revenue and our projections through the end of this year, so we have seen no
 significant decline beyond what we had forecasted.
 we think it's business as usual from a distribution revenue standpoint.
 Thank you very much.
 Alright, next question.
 Well, far down.
 Thanks. Wondering if you could talk a little bit about your reverse compensation agreement
 as sub declines are accelerating,
 I was wondering if that's changing the tone of those at all, and also does it make you
 think about moving from like a per sub basis, sorry, to a per sub basis from a fixed programming
 fee where you can, and relatedly we have more broadcast content going direct to consumer
 like CBS All Access and Peacock.
 So how do you think about monetizing those households that may not be subscribing through
 the traditional process.
 Sure. You know, I would say, you know, the current relationships with the networks are a mix of,
 you know, 60 and distribution revenues.
 So there are some that are fungible and others that are not.
 And those conversations are continuing what's in the best interest of both parties to get
 done so there is some some hedge there at this point and we're you know
 We're not ready to call the ball as to what the most preferable term is.
 They're based on our negotiating ability.
 as it relates to CVS All Access, we participate in that.
 paid to be a part of that service, and our local stream is a part of that offering.
 We are not.
 The affiliates' streams are not yet a part of that broadcast offering, and we're not
 or if at any point they will be.
 But, you know, we do have this thing called over the air,
 You know, we reach this potentially then the wired and pay cable universe already where,
 16% of our viewers already use that as their reception device without the aid of a paywall
 and that's available to those who want to quote,
 three months that way, if you will.
 The good news about that is there are far few competitors for eyeballs in an over-the-air
 world.
 than there are in a 500 plus cable or satellite universe.
 Again, we are in flux.
 We have a lot of our agreements nailed down through 21 and 22.
 We do have some that will be up end of this year and early next year and that's where
 of those conversations, we'll center around what's the best type of agreement for both
 companies to enter into.
 Great and then just one on political four years ago
 So we kind of got a head take at the last minute from the Trump campaign in terms of
 not spending what was expected.
 I don't think any of us expect that to happen this time,
 But when do you feel comfortable that there's not going to be any negative surprises on
 the political spending side.
 I'm pretty comfortable in that right now.
 I mean, look at the amount of money
 that both camps have raised that the attendant packs
 and special interest groups have raised
 supporting those candidates as well as down.
 down-ballot candidates, you know, there are no guarantees in this business, but it's
 The closest it guarantees I'll make you is there'll be no negative surprise on political
 That's a pretty good guarantee. Thank you
 Thank you.
 Take care.
 Okay, great. Thank you for the question. The first one is just if you can quantify the sequential improvement for core in July versus
 is total 2 to 20, or even the pro forma year-to-year change so far in July, and then more broadly
 And I think it's a little bit related to Steven's question.
 And the narrative out there has been a macro environment
 and growth and streaming is going to accelerate the shift
 add dollars from one-year TV to connected TV and streaming.
 Can you talk about how well positioned you are to address that if that narrative does
 turn out to be?
 I forgot to play out.
 I'll let you address how linear you want to get on guidance.
 Obviously, we saw substantial sequential improvement in Coret trends in July versus not only June,
 about the entire quarter.
 I don't know if you want to add any more details to that, but I'll let you speak to that.
 Sure. Well, I think what I'll say about July is obviously July was substantially better
 than the second quarter as a whole.
 in July was better than the last month of the second quarter.
 So, sequentially, things have gotten better,
 and that trend continues into early Q3.
 But as it relates to additional streaming services, you know,
 there, at some point, there becomes kind of a sameness to them and, you know, it's all
 about the content. If you have the content that people want, they will find a way to
 consume you, whether that's over the air or whether that's through a pay service or through
 or streaming service that we're paid to be on
 you have an inferior offering to the viewing public,
 It has obviously demonstrated that local news is a product that people want and are willing
 to pay for.
 So I think we'll just stand by that, you know, it's a lot less noisy at the operating
 perhaps at the investor level about these screening services, you know, is it a fragmenting
 universe, but are they just taking from a, from a wire, you know, from a, from a traditional
 a virtual pay TV universe into a virtual pay TV universe and if so and we're on both sides
 that transaction.
 It's not, you know, it's not nearly the noise
 investment community so we're somewhat sanguine about it you know we we have a
 product that people want. We're the largest producer of it in the country. It's called
 local news and we believe that product will stand the test of time as it has for the last
 40 years test of time.
 Yeah, I think that makes sense.
 One more, if I could, does the, I guess for Tom,
 Is the target leverage ratio for this year contemplate any buybacks in the second half?
 Can you remind us of where we are in resuming repurchase program?
 Thanks
 It does.
 I won't say how much of it is allocated to stock repurchases.
 The way we think we have an authorization left from the board, we're currently not behind
 the stock, but I would anticipate that to get revisited here in the not too distant future.
 The way we think of...
 about it is really starting on Labor Day and, quite honestly, that's probably not doing
 service to the fact that it's pretty mentioned July political revenue is very strong and we
 think August will be as well, we're rapidly transitioning out of this being a story during
 the pandemic just about poor advertising revenue and what's happening there.
 The other two legs to the stool from our perspective, distribution revenue has been strong, continues
 to be strong, as Perry mentioned, we're on budget for the year, we're on budget for the
 Second, we were actually above budget for the second quarter.
 We're on budget for the third quarter with regard
 to retransmission revenues.
 And then the third leg of the stool is political,
 And that's really going, that candle is going to get lit here right around Labor Day and
 run really hard for the two months of September, October, and the first week of November.
 So the free cash flow of the company will continue to go along nicely and then get turbocharged
 by free cash flow from political beginning around Labor Day.
 As I've said to other people, I fully expect our capital allocation attitude to change
 from playing defense to playing offense.
 sometime right around Labor Day.
 We're not there yet, but I can see there from here.
 And when that happens, then I would imagine we wouldn't sit here with an unnatural 600
 million dollars of cash on our balance sheet, we deploy that by actually repaying debt and
 looking at stock repurchases, but that's a multivariable equation, tell me what this
 around that time and I'll tell you what our appetite is.
 Right.
 Is that responsive?
 Is that?
 That's helpful. Thank you, bro.
 I just want to add to Tom's comment about political view.
 Most folks woke up this morning reading about the, you know, Biden's buy that he's placing
 starting on September 1st in 15 states.
 Well, we operate substantial operations in 12 of those 15 states.
 So just to point out that, you know,
 political will reach a crescendo around Labor Day that will continue on through the first
 November and again with July results being above all of second quarter for
 political, you know, that's a pretty good, pretty good
 measure, I think, of what's yet to come.
 We remain confident in our political guidance, and as that story continues to prove, then
 more optionality around our cash forward that currently exists on the balance sheet.
 Got it. Thanks Gary.
 We'll now take our next question from Erin Watts with Deutsche Bank.
 Hi, guys. Thanks for having me on.
 A couple questions on the ad environment.
 I guess first, there's been some fits and starts
 in terms of COVID cases in the pockets of the country.
 what behavior protection in your market that have been affected by that?
 And I guess on a related note in terms of categories,
 the importance of the auto category, anything can give us in terms of how that rebound is
 shaping up and what you're expecting from auto
 in the next couple months.
 Yeah, auto has rebounded, you know.
 we're seeing better pacing and better results in Q3
 than we did in Q2 when dealers were shut down.
 We're seeing certain of the OEM's move of money around
 from market to market based on where they have cars and that's primarily affected some
 of the foreign nameplace, but on the whole, I think our expectations for Otto are that
 It will be less down, sequentially going forward, as will most of core advertising.
 As it related to COVID, I didn't know if you meant how it affected the company or what we're seeing in our markets.
 but I can give you a little color on both.
 We have had 145 confirmed cases in the company since the beginning of the pandemic.
 remarkably out of a workforce of about 13,000 that that's you know that a people that are out in the community
 We've only had one hospitalization and that person is fully recovered.
 about 60% of our employees are working from the facility
 to which they are assigned.
 20% that are reporting to work,
 but not necessarily in the facility.
 Reporters meeting their crews in the field to go to their first assignment and things of that sort and we have another 20% that are
 working remotely and you know I use the example with our board that you know
 Everybody in Topeka is reporting to work, however, nobody is populating our New York
 offices because of the public transportation requirements and they
 don't feel safe and there's certainly no man to do that and so that's kind of a
 proxy for the country, you know, we keep tabs by every market as to, you know, various
 stages of reopening. I would say that all of our markets have some degree of reopening
 some more than others. There have been some pauses in California and Texas and others
 on further reopening, areas that have been rolled back, you know, bars and restaurants
 are not necessarily big advertising categories
 with us to begin with.
 hospitality continues to be a category where we see no spend to speak of.
 There is some interstate tourism ads that are going on like if you're in Texas come to Arkansas
 We're seeing some of that, but hospitality for us is a sub-2% category that is not materially
 driving our top line. So, Erin, I don't know if that's the kind of flavor you're looking
 but I'm happy to answer any more specific follow-up.
 No, that's not cool.
 One last one for me, and I appreciate the time again.
 You spoke to the important local MEPUs and the ad revenues that come in and pass to that
 to the overall revenue pie.
 If we're thinking about the potential that maybe NFL football delayed or college football
 It doesn't happen in the fall.
 How do we think about the flow through of that potential and what it could mean to your
 Revenue Pi.
 Sure. I'm glad you asked that. It's interesting, at the local station level, which is where we live,
 All sports comprises about 10% of our advertising revenue.
 And of that, the NFL comprises about 60% of that 10%.
 So, let's just, in real-round numbers, say that ad revenue support is half of our revenue
 10% of that, so we're talking about three points of revenue.
 because of the limited avails that the local stations get in all of local sports or all
 of a televised force that's not local.
 You know, it's not that big of a contributor, but obviously it has an outsized effect on
 on viewership, on promotional ability,
 And I would say on the national psyche and on people's morale, obviously distributors
 are very interested in live sports because they know live sports and live news drive
 but from a pure financial advertising point of view,
 it's not all that material to our top or bottom line.
 Okay, perfect. That's exactly what I was looking for. Stay well guys. Thank you
 It will be some...
 with your bank.
 Hi, I have two questions.
 you could give us some color on what you're seeing
 in terms of subscriber declines in your markets.
 curious how they compare to the overall industry, and any color on advertising and distributor
 reception to News Nation and any expectations for when you might see some incremental revenue
 lift from Musnation.
 Thanks.
 I'll go ahead and read the subscriber and then I'll talk about Tia and how's that?
 Sure, I would say our experience with subscribers is not materially different than that of the
 the MVTDs, obviously we are still getting an uplift
 from the virtual MVPD so that the traditional MVPD subscriber
 loss is somewhat recouped, but certainly not all recouped by the virtual MVPDs and as
 period mentioned, obviously we factor in in our budgeting process and in our guidance
 process, you know, an attrition rate for subscribers and a unit rate for our revenue.
 as we mentioned, that was basically in line for the second quarter
 and early returns for the third quarter are consistent
 with that expectation.
 So not getting into specific subscriber decline numbers,
 I would say that we see and feel the same thing that the, you know, the distributors do.
 It's just that our, you know, our economics are a little bit different because we've got,
 You know, rate that helps us offset that, but it's consistent with our expectations.
 As relates to WGN America, we have had, and Dana Zimmer and her team have been out presenting WGN America to every MBPD,
 we already do business and also those that do not carry WGN, WGN America, and that's
 primarily in legacy next star markets and we have an opportunity with renewals between
 now in the end of the year for an incremental approximately 200 to 250,000 subs that could
 with AdWG in America, and these are smaller systems, again,
 where Nexar has a relationship,
 but there was no Tribune relationship
 included WG in America.
 So, there is upside there.
 I would say that the reception from distributors has been positive, particularly from those
 who have existing contracts and realize there's going
 additional value add for no additional cost during the term of the current agreement.
 We are distributed on AT&T now as the only virtual MBPD service that is offering WG in America.
 We are efforting to get distribution at the launch or shortly thereafter on other OTT services,
 and that will be a value add where WGN America is not currently distributed, but the reception
 for both the advertising community
 and the distribution community has been positive
 because we're investing in a product that will add value to their businesses as well.
 Great. Thanks. Thanks for your time.
 We'll take our next question from Dan O'Connor with...
 Thanks, good morning, Slim Pickens,
 left here after the strong prints and all the questions.
 but I guess I'll ask you one follow-up to the prior, Perry.
 I don't know if you're willing to sort of, you know,
 good color on sub-carriage incremental opportunity.
 Is there any way for us to think about sort of timing
 higher thinking about the news nation impact itself,
 relative to either advertising or, I guess,
 ancillarily with that, your comments on carriage.
 We know it's going to be self-funding.
 obviously you have plans to kind of expand it.
 There's just any help kind of framing your thoughts
 on sort of the magnitude of that opportunity.
 And then separately, obviously there's been a lot
 of noise lately in the digital world, Facebook, Twitter,
 ad boycotts, all of that fun stuff.
 You guys are the largest.
 you guys have a pretty big network effect
 in a pretty strong digital portfolio or cells?
 Is there any accrued benefit to you guys,
 or do you think that stays mostly in the digital bucket?
 Thanks.
 to WGN America.
 I have a job that Dave wrote him and his sales team have done in assembling advertisers for the premier,
 of WGN, America's News Nation, blue-chip names, and at cost per points that are in excess of,
 I'm sorry, I should say cost for thousands that are in excess of 50% greater than what
 standard programming which generating a loan.
 So that's a very positive initial indication.
 We're trying to rework some of the existing buys into the NewsNation primetime offering
 And so, what we could really use is, you know, an upfront or a fourth quarter scatter market to break.
 But all of that said, we do anticipate an incremental,
 let's call it low eight-figure revenue contribution
 contribution to WGN's ad revenue in the four months of the end of this year.
 And again, given the size and scope of the operation, that wouldn't be deemed to be materialical.
 But we do, even in these conditions, expect, you know, a low,
 a low-weight figure uplift in gross revenue there.
 And distribution that will mostly come at the end of the year, so we'll impact 2021 more than this year.
 there have been some incremental deals done already
 that will launch WGN America, you know,
 between now and the end of the year.
 but I would say the vast majority of that impact
 in 2021. And again, you're talking a potential uplift of, you know, a quarter of a million
 subscribers on a, you know, Nielsen reported I think 75 million subscriber base, so even
 And that is incremental, but it's all incremental, and that's what we're going to do is drive
 growth out of the assets that we own.
 And then the thoughts on either Facebook, Twitter,
 It relates to core political, if that stays in a digital bucket, or if you can take some
 Yeah, listen, I think the most direct transfer could be in political, if people, you know,
 a certain place.
 platforms are refusing those ads, that money has to go somewhere and, you know, without
 conventions to fund them without rallies to fund the the one way to reach
 people have survived guest television. I think we're seeing an evidence of that right now,
 So I think that would be probably the direct transfer, you know, with all the boycats and
 and all of that.
 I don't think you've seen a substantial decline
 of revenue performance on those platforms.
 So at this point the damage is more reputational than financial
 you know, how deep the government wants to get involved in taking a look
 in protection, potentially regulating these companies.
 symmetrically with the way we're regulated, but at this point, I think the financial transfer
 outside of political to the best of our knowledge is minimal.
 That's super helpful.
 coloring the next quarter.
 and we'll come from Greg Hubbard with Hubbard Readers Partners.
 Yes, good morning. Thank you. A few questions.
 On last quarter on your conference call, I believe you guys said your retransubs were
 down 4-4.5% year over year.
 As you guys may know, Sinclair on the call right before yours said this.
 Sinclair on the call right before yours said this.
 the second quarter subs were down about 7%, including a bit
 then it's in the virtual side.
 Should I assume that you guys were down roughly about 7%
 for the second quarter for your subs, is that reasonable?
 slightly worse than the first order?
 No.
 Should I assume it's a little bit better than that then, or can you just help me understand your question?
 So I would say it's more consistent with the second quarter.
 The second quarter, I'm sorry, you need more consistent with the first quarter, down four, four and a half.
 Oh, I'm sorry, with what we announced, the first quarter.
 You're right, first quarter.
 So I wouldn't say it's down for it.
 I'm not going to give the exact number.
 I've already said that.
 It's not down seven, but it's closer to the previous quarter's results.
 Okay, I appreciate that
 Can you help us, um, your TV advertising pay scenes for the month of August?
 Would you say that those are tracking better the way
 to deploy in there for core advertising
 that is tracking better than what July turned out to be.
 I think it's a little, we have very few days in August here,
 I'm thinking, you know, it's a little too early to be making any comments with regard to that.
 Okay, can you help us then maybe just...
 I'm trying to understand then what you're sort of budgeting or thinking to the rate
 decline, feeder for core advertising could be down in the third quarter.
 I think that's why we're not giving guidance, right?
 It's gonna be down.
 with July.
 Yeah.
 How much shall I was down, if you would?
 I think I told you it was down the left.
 Again, I'm not going to give specific numbers, but July was down less than June,
 and June was obviously, it's just math.
 if the entire quarter was down 35% and every month
 within the second quarter got better,
 then clearly, June was down less than 35 percent.
 July was down less than June.
 That's kind of the extent of the forward-looking guidance
 that we're going to give as it relates
 to specific advertising revenue.
 Okay.
 Maybe you may ask another question and in this on this virus situation that's going out there
 In the states where the virus cases have gotten dramatically worse here in the last several weeks,
 Have you guys seen a material change in the core TV advertising in those markets?
 Is there any significant change or you can talk about that?
 No, and again, you know, cases in Texas have gone down.
 I mean, you know, you have to, we don't operate just in one, one area that you're in that
 you might be hearing that news from, right?
 So you've got to look across 114 markets
 and look at, you know, those states and, you know,
 Cases might be reported to be up to 30%, which could be 100 cases in a state.
 I mean, you've got to put all of these numbers into context, but I would say, no, the evidence
 is in, you know, in our results in July and our pacing in August and our pacing in September,
 and where we exited second quarter
 performed in second quarters so you know the proof is in the numbers as Tom says
 it's just math but you know we have not seen any and I think I just said this you know hospitality
 continues to be down. Auto is improving. We don't get a lot of money from restaurants
 unless it's QSR and they're making mints through their drive-through, so, you know, things are,
 We are seeing steady improvements and even we're, you know, pausing and opening is better
 than not being open at all, and that's kind of our worst-case scenario in some of our
 markets and in others, we don't have that.
 You know, this morning we're dealing with the aftermath of storms up the east coast
 from the Carolinas into Virginia and up into Pennsylvania, New York and flooding and those
 kinds of things and those are going to be more, you know, temporary disruptors to businesses
 until they can reopen than the pandemic.
 And so it's situational, and we deal in 38 states across the country, and you've got
 add it all together, but there's, you know, nothing other than business as usual is the
 way we deal with things and I think the results speak for themselves.
 In my last question guys on the cost front you guys talk about pro forma cost in the second quarter down 18%
 Can you give us a little bit more how we think about your cost trends for the third quarter?
 I know you gave a figure there versus your budget for the third quarter.
 one for the second quarter but just what sort of cost that you could help us
 will they think about that, it may not repeat the cost savings
 the third court you benefit from in the second.
 Thank you.
 I really don't understand the question other than the fact, obviously, we had guided to
 40 million dollars in cost takeouts in the second quarter, which we believe, which we
 overperformed on that same number for the third quarter is 25 million as we obviously
 Maybe some of those are variable costs as advertising starts to return, those costs go up.
 Some of them are discretionary, that we will add back in.
 We will travel more in the third quarter than we did in the second quarter.
 we basically couldn't have traveled any less
 in the second quarter than we did.
 So some of the discretionary costs will get added back in, but that will be more than a
 And I'll see you in the next one.
 higher advertising revenues in the second quarter,
 But specifically as it relates to, you know, if you're looking year-over-year,
 the majority of the synergies taken out of the Tribune transaction have occurred.
 So that won't change materially sequentially Q2, Q3 over Q2 and you'll have some added expense coming back in.
 but that's the extent of some of the pushes and the pulls on expenses.
 You answered it well. Thank you. Appreciate that guys
 We'll now take our next question to J.K. Media.
 I hope you can hear me having problems like a lot of people in neighborhood.
 Two quickies, Tom, I think the 24 bonds were callable two days ago, and I heard nothing.
 That being said, I'd like for it to be called...
 Well again John I think that's consistent with our message that you know in the next 30 to 45 days
 I think we will have a better feel on actual political revenue coming in, you know, Labor
 But hopefully be able to flip the switch and become a little bit more aggressive in the near term.
 in the near term.
 Secondly, did I hear correctly that you're on track for mid-teens, next retrans growth this year?
 And you mentioned that the gross returns is up high 20s, pro forma.
 Did I add correctly, gross, high 20s, net, net teams?
 So far this year, our retrans revenue growth has exceeded 20 percent, if that is correct.
 We have budgeted for mid-season.
 Yes.
 Well, 28 in the second quarter.
 I don't get what exactly the first quarter is.
 We budgeted for mid-teens growth in net retrans for the entire year,
 But, so far, we have exceeded that.
 Okay, so now let's make refrans margins are down
 You know, more than a little bit to this year.
 Is that correct?
 No.
 I would say that they're actually up a little bit because we've included a fair amount
 of probune subscribers that are non-Big Four affiliates
 where our net retransmargin, you know, is substantially in excess of 50%.
 Got it. Thank you very much.
 And we'll now take our next question from Jim Goss with Barrington Research.
 Thanks.
 During the early days of the pandemic there seemed to be a surge or a pretty good increase
 at least in usage and even sampling of broadcast and other video in categories that didn't
 tape.
 didn't tend to us.
 So the board will be requested.
 If you would like to cancel this request, please press stop 0 again.
 Not sure what happened there
 But I was wondering if any of that has proven sustainable or...
 If you would like to cancel this request, please press star zero again.
 I'm sorry, I may have heard.
 Go ahead, Jim. I think somebody's trying to either record or exit the call.
 Okay, sorry.
 But anyway, I was wondering if any of the increased usage and sampling has proven sustainable
 as he has it mostly dissipated.
 Did any of that play a role in your returns and negotiations during that period?
 We had precious few retrans negotiations done in the first half of the year.
 We had one top 10 that we're pleased with the results on.
 comments earlier. I did report that, you know, our viewership, and I highlighted the 18 to 34
 demographic, you know, obviously it was up in April 151%, 83% in May, and 89% in June over the
 year. Our digital page views, which were in excess of $2.3 billion for the quarter were
 for 1.1 billion in April, that was up 133%.
 and then in the month of June, just by comparison,
 our local websites were up 60% compared to the prior year.
 So, you know, there is some COVID fatigue, I think,
 but I also think there is increased interest in local news,
 And we consider ourselves to be the last bastion
 of local news with the diminuatio of newspaper and radio,
 local coverage and content.
 So, you know, we do think that there is stickiness to this,
 You know, the long tail will determine how much,
 but people continue to turn to our newscast
 numbers. And it's amazing, you can see ATLA in Los Angeles and WGN in Chicago, independent
 stations but producing copious amounts of local news, are ranking number one in all
 all day cards meeting all of the network O and O's
 virtually every newscast and that just speaks to the power of localism that you're not dependent
 network lead-in or lead-out to to generate your audience you're doing it on your own and
 by that kind of execution producing those kinds of results.
 Okay.
 One last thing, I was wondering about the promotion efforts
 to create visibility for news nation as that is coming to the fore.
 And also, it seems like CNN tended to fill a similar role
 to that richer targeting, where it tended to be unbiased,
 maybe it's a little less so these days.
 And in that era, it would tend to be the place to go when
 something, an event occurred, but some of the other news more
 appointed newscasts politically would sort of gather their base in more normal times.
 I'm wondering if there's a way for you to position yourself to, you know, sort of gather
 at least that role and maybe, you know, maybe have something more sustainable.
 And if this proves successful,
 do you think you're broaden it beyond the three-hour original time frame?
 and there's a lot of near to unpack.
 I'll try and do my best with it here.
 You know, obviously, you know, that is how CNN started.
 I don't think anyone listening to this call thinks CNN is in that same place today from
 and biased political lean, we, as I've said before,
 We have a staff of rhetoricians and two full-time staff
 to do nothing but check scripts and reporting
 for unconscious bias, and bias in our writing,
 and we've had very spirited discussions about that even in the rehearsals, you know,
 We do think we will be that place to go for news that doesn't make a, you know, 22 minute
 news hole in a network, even news broadcast, or much news on the opinion-based talk networks.
 You know, for example, last night in our rehearsals, we did a story on the first women police chief in Colorado Springs,
 and that's not a story you'd see every place else.
 But again, we've got our, we've got the country divided up into six zones and we have zone
 producers and their job is to know exactly what's going on in those zones, in all of
 those newsrooms and what might be of interest to a national audience, in addition to the
 250 people we hired in Chicago, correspondence that are also based in Miami, New York, Dallas,
 and DC that report exclusively for the network,
 as well as all the behind-the-scenes production folks
 that we think we can give a more representative view
 of America than perhaps what's seen inside the New York.
 So we think there's a purpose for that,
 and there's a reason for that and the acceptance of that
 concept now has been very enthusiastic. It's now just on us to deliver. As it relates to
 promotion. We have heard something that none of the other networks, news networks I think
 are able to compete with, and that is to harness the power of 196 television stations across
 the next star nation to promote this newscast on a day-to-day specific basis, beginning
 this month and realize promotion value that the stations will be contributing on a dedicated
 basis. It's something approaching $100 million. We are layering on top of that on an annualized
 Approximately $20 million of primarily goes for advertising on other cable networks because
 were just a channel change away at that point on national and syndicated radio.
 We're also, you know, investing heavily in social media, not only because of the app,
 but to try and drive a younger demographic
 to an alternative newscast.
 And so we think our promotion spending, you know, all
 taken together, you know, a nine figure amount of both cash and in kind
 contributions for the company are another asset that will hopefully drive success for
 And again, it's, you know, it is a counter-programming opportunity in prime time,
 And we're going to do our best to succeed there.
 Obviously, if we are successful, we would look at other day parts, but we're taking
 very
 much of a crawl-walk-run approach to this. We want to get it right and and you know we will grow
 as fast as our success would allow us to grow.
 So I think I'd leave it at that, but, you know, we're very excited about the prospect
 of inter-
 .
 producing an alternative in prime time to entertainment, sports, and opinion programming,
 the product will reach a, will strike a chord and resonate with the audience and, you know,
 The audience growth and advertiser growth will continue.
 So tune in.
 It launches on September 1st.
 Thanks.
 to catch it well.
 Well, thank you, operator.
 We're very pleased at our progress, and we're pleased at our strong financial position,
 We're excited about the launch of WG in America and the advent of the political spending
 that will all be upon us before our next call.
 We look forward to reporting back to you shortly after Election Day, with the early results
 on all of those efforts, and thank you very much
 for your time this morning.
 Thanks for joining.
 Once again, that concludes today's conference.
 Thank you all for your participation.
 You may now disconnect.