 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the conference call to discuss
 the definitive agreement for Illumina to acquire Grail.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
 To ask a question during the session, you'll need to press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 You will be...
 limited to one question. If you require any further assistance, please press star
 zero.
 Thank you.
 I'd now like to hand the
 over to your moderator for today.
 Jackie Ross, VP of Investor Relations, please go ahead.
 Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on such short notice to discuss the definitive
 agreement for aluminum to acquire grail.
 If you've not had a chance to release today's release, it can be found in the Investor Relations
 section of our website at Illumina.com.
 Participating for Illumina today will be Frances DeSousa,
 President and Chief Executive Officer, and Sam Samod, Chief Financial Officer.
 We're also pleased to welcome Hans Fischer, Grail's Chief Executive Officer.
 Hans and Sam will share some prepared remarks and then we will open the call for some questions.
 This call is being recorded and the audio portion will be archived in the investor section of our website.
 Today's presentation contains estimates, projections, and other forward-looking statements.
 These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties.
 Actually events or results may differ materially from those projected or discussed.
 Please review the cautionary statement and other important information for investors
 and stockholders on slide two.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Franser.
 Thanks, Jackie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on such short notice.
 I'm excited to share that earlier this morning, we announced an agreement to acquire Grail
 and to work together to launch a new era in cancer detection.
 Before we start, I want to acknowledge the GRAIL team
 for what they've accomplished.
 We spent outgrail four years ago to focus on an ambitious goal to
 revolutionize the way we detect cancer by developing a blood test that could find cancer
 earlier than is possible today.
 Their innovation and results since then have exceeded even our lofty expectations, setting
 the stage for early cancer detection to likely be the largest genomic application over the
 in the next 15 years.
 by far.
 That's a combination.
 transformative for cancer detection.
 The acquisition will enable Grail to leverage Illumina's global commercial, clinical, and
 operations capabilities.
 accelerating their mission and allowing us to impact more people faster than they might
 have done alone.
 Illumina's next-generation sequencers will continue to support genomic medicine to become
 standard of care across clinical applications.
 And...
 With this acquisition, we will accelerate and participate
 more fully and directly in the highest value clinical opportunity enabled by our technology.
 the acquisition positions of LUNA to participate in what we expect will be a $75 billion market
 for NGS-based oncology tests by 2035.
 60 billion higher than our oncology TAM excluding grail.
 Cancer is one of the greatest threats to human health.
 despite the significant investments made
 and the important medical advancements achieved so far.
 when we diagnose cancer too late,
 when it is metastatic.
 less than 20% of patients will survive more than five years.
 In contrast, if we diagnose cancer early,
 Approximately 90% of patients are expected to survive
 beyond five years.
 About 71% of cancer-related deaths,
 are attributable to cancers
 with no recommended screening tests.
 and with limited screening tests, cancer is more likely to be detected in the late stages
 and more often than not, too late.
 This is both a human tragedy and an enormous burden on the healthcare system.
 each year, there are over 600,000 cancer-related deaths
 in the U.S., an approximately 10 million deaths worldwide, making it the second leading
 cause of death.
 We spend approximately $250 billion per year on cancer in the U.S.
 And globally, the annual economic impact is more than $1.2 trillion.
 Now, for the first time, there is a technology platform
 that enables us to address this burden.
 Starting with Grail's multi-cancer detection test.
 GALP.
 Sorry.
 Which a-
 to reduce cancer deaths by transforming how and when cancer is detected.
 Grail's technology characterizes the DNA that cancer cells shed into the blood, detecting
 unique signatures that identify both the presence and often the tissue of origin of the cancer.
 Earlier this year, Grail shared positive results from its circulating cell-free genome
 Atlas or CCGA study that has enrolled 15,000 participants.
 And the study found that the first version of gallery
 reported sensitivity of 44% for stage one through three tumors for 50 different cancers
 and 67% sensitivity for the 12 deadliest cancers.
 And in 93 percent of the positive results, the test correctly identified the tissue of
 origin, all with a specificity of greater than 99% and from a single blood
 drum.
 Arguably,
 one of the most important performance measures for doctors and payers is the
 the positive predictive value, or PPV, which is the percentage of positive tests that actually
 cancers.
 For gallery, we predict a PPV of 43 percent.
 This represents a very significant step forward compared to today's most commonly used screening tests,
 which often have a PPV in the range of 3 to 5 percent.
 The GRAIL team is preparing to launch the gallery as a lab develop test for LBT in 2021.
 We believe that this is a remarkable advance in the ability to detect cancer earlier, which
 can transform cancer care and improve population health. As noted earlier, most cancers are
 currently diagnosed in late stages, as shown by the gray bars in the chart on the left
 half of slide checks.
 the limitations of current screening methods
 lead to only 31% of cancers being identified
 in stages one and two.
 when they're the most treatable.
 Based on grail studies, this could increase to 82%
 with broad adoption of galleries, blood tests,
 complimenting today's recommended cancer screening.
 This matters, because if we mentioned earlier,
 Survival rates are directly correlated
 with how early cancer is detected.
 Broad adoption of gallery could avert nearly 40% of the five-year cancer mortality, or
 around 100,000 debts annually in the U.S.
 My apologies for the technical issues.
 We will p-
 Most cancers are currently diagnosed in late-grade bars in the charts.
 the charge on the left half of slide six.
 The limitations of current screening methods lead to only 31% of cancers being identified
 in stages one and two, when they're most treatable.
 Based on gradle studies, this could increase to 82%,
 with broad adoption of gallery blood test.
 complementing today's recommended screening.
 Because as we mentioned earlier, survival rates are directly
 correlated with how early cancer is detected.
 Broad adoption of the gallery could avert nearly 40%
 of the five-year cancer mortality.
 around 100,000 deaths annually in the U.S.
 To put this in perspective, this roughly matches the number of deaths prevented by all current screening,
 testing, treatment, and surgery standards combined.
 Once available, we're confident the gallery will enable screening
 for more cancers than ever before.
 while screening is improved for some casters, including lung,
 colorectal, and cervical.
 We know that roughly 6 in 10 cancers diagnosed from 12 million cases and 5 million deaths
 the year.
 associated with cancers with no recommended tweaking requirements.
 This gallery will help discover cancer per here.
 We believe the gallery can help detect three times as many cancers when added to recommended
 the single cancer screening.
 opportunity to improve outcomes for
 and the potential impact in families and communities.
 I like the importance of Grail's work.
 we will also be able to better meet the needs
 of healthcare providers and delivery systems.
 By improving the overall efficiency of cancer detection,
 Pairs will be able to realize the lower cost associated with the treatment of cancer at
 that are at your stages.
 Based on Grail's estimates, the adoption of gallery alongside existing 3-in-guide lines
 could help reduce diagnostic workup costs by up to 65%.
 These benefits are key drivers in the market potential,
 which we anticipate reflects an addressable market for NGS-based oncology testing of $75 billion.
 Today we're seeing rapid adoption of NGS-based therapy selection tests, many based on Aluminum S technology.
 Over the next 15 years, we expect this market to grow in a Kaggle of about 16% to $14 billion.
 an annual 7 million test opportunity at approximate ASB of $1,300 to $2,300.
 Another participant in the therapy selection market was our TSL 500 test, currently available
 for research use only, and making its way through regulatory approval for commercial
 launch in early 2022. As the reimbursement landscape continues to strengthen and drives
 of therapy selection test.
 We're seeing more companies working on monitoring tests.
 that will assess the activity of a patient's cancer.
 This can optimize the disease management
 and determine the effectiveness of cancer therapies
 for individual patients.
 These assays can also act as a surveillance test for cancer patients who have a lot of
 of completed therapy and our information.
 this market to grow with a category of about 27% to $15 billion in 2035.
 The test opportunity here is expected to grow
 to about 20 million tests per year.
 with an expected ASP of $700 to $1,000.
 The cancer screening opportunity is significantly larger
 and therapy selection and monitoring combined.
 This market is expected to grow quickly to about 150 million tests in 2035.
 a 75% cagger to approximately $46 billion.
 This assumes an ASB that starts around $1,200 and trends to about $300 in 2035, as we scale
 and drive adoption with increasingly accessible pricing.
 With regards to the market for calories specifically, there is a sizable addressable market of
 over 100 million people between the age of 50 to 79 in the U.S.
 we believe approximately half of this addressable market is
 accessible in gallery prior to reimbursement.
 The Grail Go-To-Market strategy next year will consist of three core channels, health
 with him.
 and short employers, and concierge medicine.
 Given the cost improvement potential, we feel that health systems and self-insured employers
 will recognize the compelling value proposition
 and drive adoption of the first multi-cancer detection LDT available.
 There's also an opportunity in concierge medicine,
 a segment that typically caters to health conscious members
 that like to be on the forefront of new medical technologies.
 who could be early adopters of gallery.
 We expect that Grail will launch Gallery of 2021.
 We look forward to additional results next year from the CCGA sub-study III and Pathfinder
 to further support the clinical validation of the gallery.
 Additionally, Grail will continue to work on its diagnostic aid for cancer tests, or DAC,
 which is intended for symptomatic patients,
 and is designed to speed up the time to diagnosis
 when cancer is suspected.
 And Grail also has a minimal residual disease, or MRD test, in development, intended for
 patients who have been diagnosed and treated to detect persistent disease following definitive
 In that note, I'd like to invite Hans, the CEO of Grail, to say a few words.
 Thank you, Francis. I'm excited to be here today.
 Let me start by recognising the accomplishments of the Grail team. We're a mission-driven
 company focused on detecting cancer early when it can be cured. And we believe our early
 Any cancer detection technology could substantially reduce the burden of cancer worldwide.
 Can you develop unique technology that preferentially targets the most informative regions of the
 Thank you very much.
 and uses machine learning algorithms
 to detect the presence of cancer and identify between the tissue of origin.
 We believe by joining forces with Illumina, we'll achieve scales faster, preventing more
 late stage cancer diagnosis.
 We are strongly positioned with our first two commercial product launches expected in
 in 2021. And once our deal closes, we'll be able to leverage the global scale and reach
 of Illumina through relationships and in-country infrastructure to further our commercialisation
 networks. Simply put, Braille's mission and focus will not change, but Illumina's international
 footprint and expertise across market access, regulatory, government affairs and manufacturing
 will accelerate our ability to realize our mission and goals
 to improve patient outcomes.
 We've built a world-class team of data and computer scientists at the forefront of applying
 AI to genomics, and we're better to further leverage those capabilities for the benefit
 of human health than after living there.
 In the process, we've also established an impressive IP
 portfolio with more than 230 patents granted globally and another 170 pending patent applications.
 With 115,000 participants enrolled and another 30,000 planned, Grail has built one of the
 largest population-scale clinical trial programs ever pursued in genomic medicine.
 Nail's genomic database continues to grow with each test, an additional clinical trial
 participant. And today stands at over 12.6 petabytes worth of genomic data.
 The comparison this is by times larger than the cancer gena and atlas.
 Illumina remains the most innovative company in sequencing and Grail's ability to keep
 pushing the boundaries of what's possible to keep finding more and more cancers of early
 stages will be further strengthened as a result of this combination.
 Having spent time with Francis and me eliminating I'm confident we all shared the same goal
 and we're committed to accelerating our mission
 and delivering on our promise faster than it could be down the line.
 We both believe this is a case where one plus one will equal well over two.
 And with that, I'd like to hand the call back to Francis.
 I couldn't be more excited for the opportunity to work with the Grail team to accelerate
 adoption of their life-saving products, by leveraging our global commercial clinical
 on operation capability.
 our global commercial organization,
 market, sales, and support.
 more than 6,600 customers in 115 countries, including a number of national population
 scale genomics programs powered by Illumina sequencing technology.
 We're going to first establish our clinical lab in 2009 and since then I've added two
 two more, including one in the U.K., to support genomics England and the MHS.
 These certified and accredited labs are staffed by more than 250 team members, including board-certified
 pathologist, medical geneticist, genetic counselors, and Ph.D. scientists.
 more than 17 million arrays and almost one million clinical samples.
 We've also expanded our clinical capabilities and built out world-class market access, government
 and regulatory functions.
 In addition, our clinical-grade development and manufacturing teams deliver systems and
 kiss in more than 35 countries around the world.
 time moving to the clinical market through partnerships with leading clinical companies
 including DMF.
 and Roach. As Illumina and Grail come together, we accelerate adoption of clinical NTF-based
 will have a positive impact on our business. Over time, more of our revenue will reflect
 the clinical value of our NGS products, and not only the underlying sequencing output.
 As a result, the alumina will play a direct role in accelerating the adoption of genomic
 medicine. In addition, Lumet remains committed to all of our
 delivering the most innovative sequencing systems and consumables to our customers and partners.
 there's still so much important research to be done.
 And we know this will be enabled in part
 continued innovation in sequencing. And on the clinical side, our mission has
 always been improve human health by unlocking the power of the genome. We will continue
 to enable our clinical customers to scale and they, too, work towards the shared
 goal. With that, let me hand think terms and impact.
 Thanks, Francis.
 As announced earlier today, we have agreed to acquire Grail
 for the total pass and stop consideration.
 of eight billion dollars.
 with additional payments linked to certain product sales
 over the first 12 years.
 This acquisition expands Illumina's market opportunity
 by more than $60 billion.
 It allows us to participate in the clinical market more food.
 and we'll continue the revenue growth,
 starting modestly in 2021, and meaningfully,
 accelerates over time.
 we expect the transaction to close in the second half of 2021.
 And we will share more detailed expectations
 about revenue growth and, in fact, on EPS when that happens.
 Now, just to stop consideration, it's $8 billion.
 Since aluminum currently owns 12% of grails equity on a fully-fruited
 included in it. The purchase price goes approximately $7 billion to Grail's other shareholders.
 It's part of the transaction.
 The aluminum paid rail shareholder is approximately $4 billion in common stock, which is subject
 to a caller.
 The number of shares issued will be based on the penny-trade volume-weighted average
 price of Illumina common stock 10 days prior to close.
 Moreover, the stock consideration caller ensures the final number of shares.
 grail shareholders receive is derived from a price that will be within a share price
 Thanks, Dan.
 two hundred and ninety five dollars and three hundred ninety nine dollars the
 The remaining $3.1 billion cash consideration is expected to be funded with balance sheet
 cash, and up to an additional $1 billion raised, either through equity or debt.
 We have a $1 million fully committed rich fund with Goldman Sachs, Secure of Funding
 availability. The last component of the deal includes contingent payment rights to grail
 shareholders based on grail-related venues for a 12-year period. Specifically, a 2.5%
 payment right is applied to the first $1 billion of revenue each year.
 But all revenue above that would be subject to a 9% pay invite to Grail Shareholder.
 With that, thanks for your time.
 When we created Grail in 2016, we knew that its mission was a moonshot, but an important one.
 One that would have significant ramifications
 for the detection of cancer is successful.
 positively impacting millions of lives
 and opening a massive market opportunity.
 We wanted to see the technology progress as fast as possible,
 a larger clinical trial and get into patients in years, not decades.
 So the best way to do this and capitalize the effort
 without a separate company with this singular focus.
 an extraordinary team that could execute quickly.
 The luminous set it up for success by seeding it with technology and some of our best and brightest.
 Four years later, Grail has proven the skeptics wrong and is now at the pre-commercial stage.
 It was a big bet, and it paid off.
 Over the last four and a half years,
 Grail has raised almost $2 billion to fund its mission.
 During the same period, Illumina generated about $4 billion in e-vista.
 Grail's mission is no longer a moonshot, and we believe it is poised to transform cancer detection.
 Our mission at Illumina is to improve human health by unlocking the power of the genome.
 It hasn't changed in over the last 22 years.
 We began our journey by launching our microarray-based services and products.
 throughput, lower cost, more flexibility, and higher quality than existing technologies.
 And it became the leading microarray vendor by 2006, more than doubling revenues from the
 the previous year.
 And we enjoyed the success.
 I saw the opportunity to take the next step forward
 towards our mission through sequencing.
 The race weren't going away, and in 2020, we still haven't erased it, but we saw the
 potential for enormous and very elastic research market,
 required by high-quality lower-consequencing.
 So in 2006, we acquired Symexa, a sequencing
 technology company with no revenue for $600 million, a third of our market cap at the
 The market was initially skeptical.
 We began the race to the $1,000 Genoq, and over the last 14 years, the vision has proved right.
 we reduce the cost of high quality sequencing of a genome
 from $150,000 in 2007 to $600 today.
 genomic discoveries, including circulating fetal DNA in maternal blood and the impact
 of rare variants on cancer therapy response.
 2014, when we delivered the industry's first $1,000 genome,
 our research sequencing business was thriving.
 And once again, we sense we were entering a new era of genomics, entering the clinic.
 In 2013, we acquired Maranada, a provider of non-invasive prenatal testing.
 In December, 2013, we received a report from the Department of Health and Human Services
 received the first-ever FDA authorization for a next-generation sequencer.
 We embarked on our own multi-year clinical transformation,
 Building out the capabilities I referenced earlier.
 our clinical business, therapy, selection, and oncology, NITT, and genetic disease testing
 sequencing concerns the largest genomics application by far, we believe, over the next
 large part of the population, it ushers in an era where regular genomic testing is the
 norm for a population.
 We accelerate this vision by acquiring grail.
 Before we open up to Q&A, excluding Grail for a moment,
 We are very confident in our business and excited by the opportunity ahead.
 We expect to continue as a leading innovator in sequencing, supporting most research and
 ...
 is not replacing anything, and as such, the acquisition will be added as to a luminous
 opportunity and growth.
 We consider early cancer detection to be one of the largest clinical opportunities of the
 And we believe it will accelerate global adoption by participating more directly.
 Second, this acquisition is consistent with our strategy
 to extend it to the critical market.
 a fastest growing opportunity in sequencing.
 We will continue to deliver sequencing systems and consumables, and remain committed to the
 relentless pursuit of sequencing innovation, to democratize access, and realize the potential
 with this technology to positively impact human health.
 Third, we spent our grand four years ago on a moonshot mission.
 has de-risked the mission of standpoint to bring products to market in 2021.
 We believe this is the right time to bring the GRAIL team into Illumina
 so that we can help to commercialize and accelerate adoption.
 closing, our mission to improve human health by unlocking the power of the genome and Grail's
 to detect cancer early when it can be cured could not be more consistent.
 We look forward to accelerating the age of genomic medicine and the operator to begin
 Certainly, at this time, if you'd like to ask a question, please press star 1.
 Again, you will be limited to one question.
 Doug Schenco with talent, your line is open.
 Good morning.
 So Grail is clearly a really exciting and promising asset and you did a great job this
 morning outlining a lot of that and you were very comprehensive in explaining why you want
 to do this deal. I'm actually hoping that you could address how you got comfortable overcoming
 some of the reasons not to do the deal.
 These include three things that would be really helpful for you to address.
 The first is the challenge of competing with customers, which has been an issue for you
 in the past and something you've talked about avoidant, so I'm first off wondering how you
 expect to manage that, and why the change, why the pivot there.
 Second, the dilution associated with this deal, which could create a potential internal
 P&L conflict when it comes to incentive structure, not to mention an issue with investor valuation
 methodologies. I think this is part of the reason your stock got hit so much
 last week in anticipation of this announcement.
 So how do you handle potential P&L conflict internally
 externally moving forward.
 And then, third, the lack of clear clinical operating synergies and how you plan to succeed
 There's a clinical development company in a way
 that you haven't in the past.
 we know that aluminum is great at certain things, especially
 developing leading genetic tools, platforms, and having an
 companies and commercial team in place to support not just the placement of these platforms,
 how users use them.
 That said, while you've been great as an arms dealer to clinical customers, you're
 track record isn't as strong when it comes to developing and selling assets and getting
 them through regulatory and reimbursement pathways.
 So what are the clinical synergies and how do you quantify them?
 again.
 How do you manage competing with customers?
 How do you manage the P&L conflict internally and externally?
 And third, why should we get excited about this given the lack of clear clinical operating
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Jack, so let's go through each of them.
 The first one is, how do we manage the challenge of competing with our customers?
 And our strategy there continues to be that in the vast majority of applications in the
 market that we serve, we will look to our customers and our partners to develop the
 applications and our sequencers and consumables. And that's going to be true for the vast majority
 of applications.
 What we've said, however, is that for a very small set of applications, where we've filled
 The market was large and we felt that there was a differentiated offering that we could
 put into the market, then we would enter that market directly.
 In those markets, we still enable our customers to be able to do the same thing, but we still
 partners to create competing offerings.
 offering so we continue to support everybody but we said in the very large
 markets where we felt we had a differentiated capability to bring into the market, we would
 enter those. And you've seen us do that, for example, in the NIPG space, where he brought
 and intellectual property into that market,
 And I put together an end-to-end solution.
 If you still do that in the large cancer panel,
 500 gene panel TSO 500.
 And now you're seeing and do that here.
 In this case, we feel that the criteria we use have been met.
 This is a very large application for us.
 We think that over the next 15 years, it could potentially be the largest genomics application
 in the market in terms of addressable market size.
 And the Grail team has put together a very differentiated offering.
 There's a lot of innovation, a lot of IP that was created,
 and talked about the 230 applications of patents that have been granted and 170 more
 that have been filed.
 It's a very differentiated offering.
 And in this case, with Grail pioneering the market,
 They're sort of leading the way and creating that market.
 So, as we looked at the market, we felt it meets the criteria for one of the very small
 set of markets that we would get into directly. We're going to continue to enable our customers
 and partners to create their own offerings in this market too.
 So that's how we thought about, you know, that question.
 The next question was around dilution and how we got comfortable with that and how we
 to manage BNL conflict.
 And so I'm thinking here is that we're going to manage Grail
 as a separate division.
 And we had a report really transparent about the P&L of Grail, and we managed that differently
 and separately from the P&L for the rest of the business.
 we understand the profile of what it will take to get grills successful in the
 market going forward, and so we'll be very transparent about what that looks like.
 Now, we expect that to be dilutive for the next few years, but then because of the size
 of the opportunity, we expect it to be highly accretive as we start to scale the offering
 in the later years. And again, we'll be very transparent about sharing what that looks
 Like, long-term, we have high confidence in the P&L attractiveness of this business,
 but we do know it takes investment in the first few years.
 My next question was about, you know, clinical synergies.
 So what are the synergies that, you know,
 else can enjoy coming into aluminum.
 And as you know, we've been building out our clinical
 Thank you.
 about 2013. And so today, for example, you know, we have a number of places where we
 grail could benefit, you know, as soon as they come in.
 Some of the things we talked about in the column, for example, is that we're engaged
 with over 50 population sequencing efforts around the world.
 Today, we're talking to them about oncology therapy selection, genetic disease diagnosis,
 we think...
 I think it's a very natural ad to expand the conversation to include, you know, cancer
 treating it for a detection.
 We think it'd be very valuable in the conversations we're in.
 until we'll be able to immediately scale up
 a number of conversations that Grail is having around the world.
 We talked about our clinical labs.
 We have among the largest clinical genomics labs in the world.
 We have two in the U.S., one in the U.K.
 Those labs have already processed over a million clinical samples and built the workflows
 expertise necessary to do that.
 And then we've also built the regulatory capabilities,
 market access capabilities, the in-country surveillance capabilities, to support clinical
 offerings around the world. Today, we have IVDs that are cleared in 35 countries around
 the world, leveraging relationships we've built with the regulatory bodies in those
 countries as well as having a market surveillance capability from those countries and you can
 You can see that playing out in the successive products that we've got on the market, like
 our...
 per-seq NIPP product, which is CE-IVD-Mart, and doing
 really well in a mirror.
 So those are some of the clinical capability
 that frankly we spent the last five plus years building
 that grail plugs in to immediately.
 Your next question comes from Tycho Peterson with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
 Hey, thanks a couple quick ones. So, you know your stock lost 20 billion in market capitalists last week is that alluded to you know
 So did that influence your thinking and what is it that you think the street doesn't fully
 understand here, you know, especially given this is a pretty significant, I think about
 a $4 billion step up since the last round,
 relative in May and why is buying it all now the right approach given that you
 could have taken your equity space up higher,
 maybe to 40, 50% help the IPO and then, you know,
 I had a call option to buy it later.
 So that's the first question.
 Second on margins.
 Can you give us a sense of where COGS can go?
 You know, we know you have off-the-shelf technology
 for a $100 genome show.
 How much of this is about driving down cogs quickly?
 And where do you think they can go?
 And then how much do you think grill needs to spend on R&B
 in the Salesforce ramp to really scale up.
 Third, you know, Francis, you talked about, you know, confidence in the core business,
 I think one of the things the investors are going to worry about is concerns about growth
 in the core of business, or maybe you're doing this deal
 to diversify and cover up, you know, and continue to slow down.
 So can you maybe talk to what you think about the core business
 for next year, a little bit more quantitatively.
 And then lastly, you know, either for Francis or Hans,
 You know, why is a 24% sensitivity for a screening test,
 you know, of clinical value, especially at the price
 that's being talked about.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 Thank you, Jacko. All right, a lot of ground to cover. So I'm going to start by talking about
 That's your first question, which is the why now question.
 And then, Sam, I'm going to turn it over to you to talk about the margins question.
 And then I'll come back and talk about, you know, our core business, and then I'll look
 to you has maybe also to comment a little bit.
 the screen test of your chemical value.
 Let's start. So why now?
 And was there any sort of reaction in our mind around the stock drop that has a class group?
 So, the reason for why now, and frankly, we took a longer term view, so the events of
 last week.
 Didn't read him
 in fact, our why now decision,
 and I'll talk about that a little bit.
 The meaningful line now is, frankly, the terrific progress that the Grail Team has made over the last
 years and where they stand right now.
 when we spent April four years ago,
 you'll remember how this idea got started, right?
 So we were processing samples for NIPT in our clinical labs.
 And although we were seeing normal, you know, fetal DNA, we noticed abnormalities in the
 And so we reported that to the doctor and in all of those cases it turned out that the
 mother had cancer and didn't know about it.
 And so we instigated...
 So there was an idea that you could get signals for cancer in the blood and we incubated that
 ideal god team for a couple of years to feel like there was something there but
 There was a lot of unknowns.
 Now it's unclear whether there was enough signal to detect early stage cancer.
 It was unclear whether you could just detect only certain types of cancer.
 it was unclear if the approach we were thinking about was the right approach
 until what we wanted was to create a company that was going after this moon shot mission
 that can be focused on that move quickly on that,
 but we also wanted to know maybe other approaches
 in the market would be more fruitful.
 The team has done a fantastic job over the last four years.
 and sort of de-risk a lot of the questions.
 the technology they put together, the team they've assembled,
 Probably most importantly, the results they're demonstrating from their large-scale chemical
 studies has put to bed a lot of the questions that we had, you know, the gallery results
 I talked about, made some of the CCGA samples show that, you know, they are able to identify
 over 50 types of cancer, that they have a specificity that means of 99% is a false positive
 rates of less than 1%. So they won't flood healthcare systems with false positives. And
 They have high sensitivity, especially for the deadliest cancers.
 And so they stand today on the precipice of commercializing a product next year.
 And so now, now it makes a lot of sense for us to acquire them.
 And so why acquire them, you ask?
 why not just increase our investment?
 And the reason to acquire them is because we have a very clear line of sight
 and how we can accelerate a plan that they are on today.
 And we can only do that if they're part of aluminum.
 plugging them into our commercial conversations
 with population sequencing efforts, for example.
 standing them up in our clinical labs around the world
 rather than wait for them to build up their own clinical labs.
 plugging into our regulatory expertise in countries around the world.
 All of those things are things that we can do with their particles in us.
 that frankly we wouldn't be able to do as well, even if we were a 30-40% owner off of
 Grail.
 So, you know, they are, you know, they talk about launching the product next year, so
 that are close to commercialization,
 So it's exactly the right time we felt
 where they're in the product,
 You know, the value's been demonstrated, and they're ready to scale,
 and that's where we can run from an operational perspective
 from a clinical perspective, from a commercial perspective.
 In terms of the stock and drop, you know, we've seen before, and I mentioned this in
 my prepared remarks. This is a big step. I understand that. This is also a big amount.
 to understand that. And, you know, we've had this happen to us before when we were in
 array business and we wanted to get into sequencing, and we announced that we were requiring Selector
 to get into the sequencing business, our stock dropped that day, too.
 And it took a while for us to work with,
 which the market explained where we were going
 and why we thought that was a big opportunity.
 And of course, you know, today, that's been an enormously successful story, and
 is a vast majority of our revenue.
 And so, you know, we anticipated that there'd be work for us
 to do in explaining this stuff, in explaining the opportunity,
 and explaining why grail and why grail is aluminum.
 And that's the work we have in front of us.
 confident that it's the right next step in terms of fulfilling our mission.
 With that, I'm going to turn it over to Sam for you to talk about margins and the question
 Yeah, so I'll tackle a couple of things here are margins and I think you had a question on operating expenses as well kyco
 So, you know, from an overall COGS standpoint, the COGS will initially start out, you know,
 obviously much higher than our average cost,
 driven by the fact that volumes are ramping up.
 So initially, you're going to see a higher cost
 profile for the business as the volumes start ramping up though and two and a half to three
 years post-launch of gallery, the cost starts to get to a level which is
 commensurate with our overall services business and slightly below our overall COGS profile.
 And obviously as we introduce more innovations and lower the cost of sequencing to your
 question, the copies will benefit from that as well, just like all of our customers will
 will benefit from that.
 in terms of operating expenses.
 You know, if you look at what Grail invested last year,
 Or this year, I should, for the first month, it was roughly $135 million.
 If you extrapolate that for the full year, let's say it's exactly double that.
 It's about 270 million for the full year.
 And as we look forward, obviously that number is going to grow because we're going to be
 ramping and launching products, we're going to be accelerating the commercialization efforts
 and building out a sales port.
 And there's going to be continuing R and D as well.
 So, you know, OPEX, especially in three years,
 is gonna be, you know, back on the Lucian, PNL.
 But let me remind you of the just the attractiveness of this opportunity longer term and eventually
 as the volume scale, the opportunity is significant on the top line, and even though it requires
 investments in terms of commercial efforts in R&D, you know, we will definitely after
 a few years start to see accretion on PNO.
 And then maybe, Hans, can you comment on the clinical value
 around the screening test and where we are.
 Sure.
 So as you noted, Tycho, the sensitivity for 50 cancers
 is 44%. So let me explain why we think this is
 right through performance.
 France has touched on the fact that
 When we pre-specified a basket of 12 cancers,
 We have sensitivity of just under 70%.
 And those 12 camps, just by the way, account for about two-thirds of mortality.
 What you're observing is when you start looking for more cancers than those 12, and you start
 adding in cancers where the test has lower sensitivity,
 the sensitivity does drop.
 But here's what matters, even though the sensitivity drops.
 As you expand the absolute number of cancers you look for,
 A total number of cancers you detect goes up.
 So a test looking for 50 cancers at 44% sensitivity,
 sensitivity. In Africa, it detects many more cancers than a test looking for 12 cancers
 at a sixty-seven cents cents to the city and when you think about the medical
 meet, we all have, you know, 70% of deaths in this country from cancer occurring in cancers
 where there is no screaming.
 This test will detect the vast majority of those.
 So that's why it's the right thing
 to have a test that can really detect
 the maximum number of cancers possible.
 And then the last question type was, you know, is this move any reflection of how we think
 on the core market, and is that what's driving this?
 Thank you.
 And I'll see you in the next video.
 I think not at all.
 We remain confident in our core market.
 You know, obviously this year, in the last couple of quarters, we've seen a slowdown
 because the people shows ring in place as a result of the pandemic.
 but we've talked about how that's slowly been building
 since the end of Q1.
 And, you know, next year, certainly,
 as we start to see a number of initiatives get back up,
 We feel very good about where we are with the core business.
 We talked about the population efforts that all of us
 It's going to be starting in the back half of this year in the US, but we'll be racking
 up next year.
 Similarly, the UK Biobank project has been going and it pauses for a little bit, so it's
 starting to scale up again.
 And then the NHS effort, which this year has been a sideline
 focus on COVID is going to be kicking back up next year.
 It's so sweet.
 They're optimistic about where a population, sequencing efforts are going to be starting
 into next year. We've seen good news in terms of guideline changes for NITP and continued
 growth and NIMPT around the world.
 We're seeing continued adoption of our TSO 500 product.
 and we expect that to continue to drive growth.
 And then, obviously, we launched the next 6,000 this year,
 continue to see that upgrade cycle play out, certainly as we get into next year.
 This move is really about our strategy, and our strategy has been guided by our mission
 to improve human health by unlocking the power of the genome.
 Our strategy is to provide sequencers and consumables to a broad array of markets and
 and then to pick very specific applications
 where we want to provide the solution ourselves.
 We want to pick the largest market opportunities,
 where we can provide a differentiated offering.
 And frankly, if you look at that criteria,
 There probably is no other criteria, no other state that meets that criteria, as well as
 or de-cancer detection.
 It's the largest of the genomic applications that we can imagine over the next 15 years,
 Grail has built a very innovation rich portfolio with good IP around it, and so we will have
 differentiated offering in that market. And so the Christ, again, the strategy is, you know,
 horizontally, provide sequencers into everywhere, and then be very sorry.
 And that's very common for platform companies.
 Certainly, if you look at technology, whether it's Apple, or Amazon, or Microsoft, they
 probably have a lot of problems with that, but I think it's a good idea to look at that
 provide the platform, but then there are specific applications that they provide directly themselves,
 typically the largest application.
 And having an application actually gives you
 to insights that have you created a better platform, too.
 So having specific applications also helps you have the best
 platforms in the market.
 So with that, we'll go to the next question.
 Certainly, as a reminder, please limit yourself
 to one question to allow others an opportunity.
 Eric Debrone with Bank of America.
 your line is open
 Hi, good morning.
 So, a couple of questions.
 I guess the first one, how much of aluminum is revenues in 2019 and estimated revenues
 to 2020, we're tied to sales to Grail, number one.
 Number two, a number of questions
 from investors this morning.
 just wanting to get some better clarity on the EPS solution is a 20 to 30% EPS solution
 a reasonable number for investors to sort of get their models.
 And number three, what do you expect from the Pathfinder trial readouts and what would
 be a what would be a good readout to enable the LBT launch and just some initial thoughts
 on the early commercialization efforts
 and what conversations Grail has had with potential self-insured employers
 and sort of the other members that you talked about.
 Thank you.
 Sure. So three questions. I'll take the first one around Grail Revenue to Illuminant in the last couple of years.
 Maybe, Sam, you can talk about EPS solutions and then hands, so you can actually push around
 that it has find or read average.
 So first one's sort of short.
 In 2019 and 2020, Grille was a very, very, very, very small part of our overall revenue.
 In fact, I typically look at our top 20 customers on that alien weekly basis, but I don't think
 I ever saw them in either of those two years on those lists.
 So, it's a very small part of our revenue for 2019 or 2020.
 That may be EPS.
 Yeah, so as I talked about earlier, the ramp of all effects in the first few years is significant
 and driven by the commercialization of galleries.
 So our expectations right now is that in the first full year,
 post-close of the deal, that there would be EPS dilution of somewhere in the $3.25 to $3.75
 range.
 and then I'll hand this to you, Dr. Culler, by the way.
 that's fine there and place that in context a little bit.
 Sure.
 and folks that aren't familiar.
 Pathfinder is a 6,000 patient clinical trial
 that's enrolling as we speak.
 it's a return of results study.
 So patients in this trial, getting the grail test,
 when the test detects a cancer, they're getting worked up.
 and obviously the results return to them.
 So our expectation is that that real-world trial
 will confirm the performance we've seen in other studies that we've reported to you
 and covered on the call this morning.
 The other thing that this study is very important for is it will help us understand the service
 components of the tests that we'll provide to help make sure that the workup process
 post-apositive test is simple and good to use for primary care doctors.
 Thank you.
 All right, next question.
 Patrick Connelly with City, your line is open.
 Great, thanks guys. Maybe just a follow-up on Derrick there just given the dilution number a little bit bigger than you were modeling
 and the news came out last week.
 Sam, can you just talk about maybe the optics trajectory over the next 12 months again to
 get to that 315-375 number you noted, you know,
 we expect that number to really take a big jump up from what we saw on the S1 from the
 grail op-ex numbers and then maybe just quickly after that you guys were obviously
 participating with some upside from a grill with the royalty as a customer
 et cetera. So can you just expand a little more Francis on I guess why you
 You guys want to bring it in-house and also give the royalty almost back to them with
 than 9% over a billion.
 They just kind of flushed that out a little bit.
 Thanks, guys.
 Yeah, so I can start on the op-ex trajectory and maybe expanding on the
 to some extent, and I'll remind everybody that we will be providing more refined financial
 estimates as we get closer to the close of the acquisition.
 So at this point, we're giving directional numbers just to give you a sense of what they're
 respect in your models.
 But to answer your question around the OPEX investment, Patrick, yes, obviously, there
 There will be an increase from what you saw in the S1 and what you saw last year or this
 this year.
 I keep saying last year, but what you saw this year
 in terms of investment by Grail, you know,
 the investment has been focused on R&D.
 And as I said, the investment that was disclosed
 $135 million. So if you expect that that's going to be a full year worth of investment
 it's closer to 270. But as we look forward, and as the gallery launches, there's going
 to be investment around a number of factors.
 It's going to be R&D, it's going to be commercial, it's going to be market access, government
 affairs, you know, GNA to support the business.
 there are a number of factors that
 drive that AWPEX in the first few years.
 And until the revenue starts to scale,
 And that's going to be significantly diluted to the number that I mentioned earlier, which
 is...
 325 to 375 in the first full year post launch.
 So, I think, you know, I would also go mention that with a $6 billion TAM that's gotten added to our business,
 you know, the revenue opportunity is quite attractive as we look at the long-term.
 Yeah, and that started to me pick up on your question on royalty. So as you pointed out, you know, those rearrangement we have, you know
 and a lot of things that they buy,
 and consumers from us, but we also get a royalty on the grail revenue.
 And, you know, as we thought through, you know, sort of remodeled what that looks like
 over the next 15 years, you know, it's clear to us that, you know, we participate more
 fully. So we get more revenue, more margin dollars in, you know, if we acquire a grail.
 So just financially, this is a much better way of capturing the value in the market than
 continuing to be a supplier to Grail with the royalty.
 This is a $60 billion market opportunity.
 we are able to sort of capture the value better
 in the current agreement.
 intensive the royalty back to Grail shareholders.
 And just as a point there, as you heard in the prepared remarks, we are 12% currently
 Thank you.
 rail shareholding. So, you know, the royalty, you know, is going to adjust it to the 12 percent
 that we own ourselves.
 And the thinking here was, look, we had to go working with the Grail investors.
 Now, this is one area where, you know, clearly they see the opportunity in front of them
 I'll be right back.
 big day size and we were a little bit more conservative.
 And so this was a nice way to sort of bridge that, to say,
 We're going to make sure that we participate if the opportunity is much bigger than we
 and everybody wins, otherwise we all share if it's a little bit less than we thought.
 But this was a way to structure it over the next 12 years,
 where we could, you know, align on, you know, demonstrating
 and the market ends up being much bigger than anytime.
 Steve, in channel with Wolf Research, your line is open.
 Hi, good morning. Thanks for the time. I'll ask just to one. I actually want to follow up on a point that the tiger raised
 And it's about how you want to articulate right now what you think about the core business.
 I appreciate the points that all of us by a bank,
 I'll come in on that next year.
 I'm a way to do the pipeline, but I wonder would you be comfortable, you know, taking
 you that the core business, the x-grill business, is a double-digit grower as far as you can
 see out into the future.
 And then my second one is,
 As you think about the landscape of providers, you know, out five or ten years ago, from
 now, rather 5 or 10 years from now, what does it look like in terms of how many different
 cancer detection assay you you think are out there you're having a lumina involved in this particular
 particular way, it means that there's going to be one, obviously, very large scale player
 the ways to come at this particular market.
 Can you talk about how you see that looking and what is the importance of the rather substantial
 IP portfolio that either flagged Francis and Hans as you think about what that landscape
 looks like. Thank you very much. Thank you Steve. So a couple of questions. One is, you
 how do we think about the core business and the second one is how do we think the landscape
 cancer reduction assets will play out.
 Will there be a significant single winner?
 Will there be multiple players?
 So let me do the first one.
 You know, the absolutely uncomfortable, you know, saying that we expect our core business
 over a multi-year period, you know, to generate double-digit growth.
 You know, we are still, as we said, in the very early stages of understanding from a
 research perspective, even how genomics translates into, you know, health and disease, but from
 critical perspective, we're also in the very early stages of penetrating from the markets
 be talked about, like oncology, therapy, selection, and genetic disease testing, genetic disease
 that's less than 1% penetrated.
 So I am comfortable that over a multi-year period,
 you should be seeing double-digit growth from the core business.
 and that, you know, the acquisition of Grio is intended to accelerate that even further,
 even without it, it's a double-digit core.
 In terms of how we expect the cancer detection market to play out, this is a very, very large
 market.
 You know, we talked about a $60 billion market.
 And so we expect that there will be multiple approaches
 for this market.
 and some will focus on single cancers
 or a small set of cancers, some will be pan cancer.
 And frankly, that's how we modeled the revenues for us,
 that we expect there to be multiple players in our trying
 multiple different approaches,
 serving different segments of the market.
 And again, with a market this big and then this important,
 we expected to play on that way.
 And this is all the time we have for questions.
 The Illumina team, thanks you all for your participation in today's conference.
 This concludes today's call.
 now disconnect.