 Welcome to the conference call of TeamFewer AG.
 At our customer request, this conference will be recorded.
 As a reminder, all participants will be in a listen-only mode after the presentation.
 there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 for any participant's difficulties.
 Here in the conference, please press start.
 you followed by zero on your telephone for operating test systems may now head
 over to Robert Hildebrand from Investor Relations, who will lead you through this conference.
 Please, go ahead.
 Good morning and welcome to the team view of fourth quarter in full year 2021 results.
 In a moment, Oliver Stahl, CEO of TeamViewer, and Stefan Geyser, our CEO, will take your
 through the business and financial update with the 2021 highlights.
 As always, we'll conclude today's call with a Q&A following the presentation.
 Before we start, a little housekeeping exercise for today.
 I would like to remind you of the note on the forward-looking statements that you find
 on page two of the presentation.
 Let me now hand over to Oliver.
 Thank you, Robert.
 Good morning.
 for joining today. We are pleased to take you through the team you are fourth quarter
 and full year 2021 results. I will start with an update on our business followed by Stefan
 who will present our financials.
 And as always, we will conclude today's course Q&A following the presentation.
 Before we dive into the fourth quarter and full year business update, I would like to
 to take a step back from our perspective.
 2021 was marked by several strategically important decisions which we made to foster team-based
 future growth but also of course by a few challenges which we clearly had to
 acknowledge. We have, however, been working hard to address these, and we remain committed
 to continue that path and also create value for our shareholders as demonstrated by our
 announcement this morning, and the progress we made in Q4.
 And we are pleased with the conclusion.
 fully delivered against our revised guidance and further strengthen the foundation for
 long-term profitable growth.
 Now we will show you a detailed overview of all those KPIs later in the presentation.
 With record growth rates, our enterprise business has again proven to be a strong driver with
 So the acquisition of upskill and viscopic, both leading players in the dynamic augmented
 duality industry. We have further strengthened and diversified our solutions portfolio and
 at the same time also our footprint in the United States.
 In addition, we initiated several new major strategic partnerships.
 In our SMB business, we successfully retained a significant part of the customers that we
 we want during the pandemic.
 we further improved our churn rate throughout the year
 and increase the ASP.
 Finally, we made major progress on our improvement program
 which we will update you on later in more detail as well.
 Our strong development in 2021, combined with our highly attractive cash profile, opens
 up avenues for further value generation for our shareholders in the future, we revised
 our capital allocation and announced this morning a share by backprogramming of up to
 to 300 million euro or a maximum of 20 million shares, which is equivalent to nearly 10%
 of our outstanding shares.
 This should be completed within 2020.
 Stefan will walk you through the details of this program in a moment.
 We go to the next slide.
 Q4 and the fiscal year 2021 at a glance. Let me summarize some highlights of the fourth
 quarter and also the entire financial year.
 First of all, we increased total billings by 19% year-on-year to 548 million euro with
 accelerating spilling scrolls in the fourth quarter. With a clear focus on cost containment,
 we were also able to maintain high profitability
 and to achieve margins ahead of our revised guidance.
 With a growth rate of 75% and billings of almost 100 million in the last 12 months, the enterprise
 business is now clearly a substantial growth engine of TeamViewer.
 At the end of 21, the enterprise business accounted for 17% of total buildings.
 In addition, we increased our net retention rate in the fourth quarter significantly to
 to 105% after a notable dip in the first half of 2021, with net retention rate of around
 with 90s.
 This leaves TeamViewer with an average net retention rate of 98%,
 or the past 12 months, underlying our success in building lasting customer relationships.
 At the same time, I would like to thank all of you who have supported us through this
 But churn rate further improved to 14% compared to 15.1% in 2020.
 This confirms our ability to retain the strong intake of customers which we want from the
 COVID-19 pull forward demands in the previous year.
 At year end, we counted 627,000 subscribers, which is an increase of 7% compared to 2020
 or roughly 43,000 more subscribers.
 Furthermore, our financial profile reminds very strong with, again, lower leverage rate.
 Now let's look at 2021 in more depth.
 First of all I would like to give you an overview of how the two businesses have developed in 2021
 before we then take a closer look at both the enterprise and SMB separately and in detail.
 Thank you.
 to enterprise, we define enterprise customers as those with invoice billings across all
 products and services of at least €10,000 a month, and customers who exceed or fall
 below the threshold are reallocated then accordingly and as you can see on the left hand side our
 total company billings increased year-on-year by 88 million to 548, 2021 and although our
 SMB business still contributed most of this in absolute growth.
 enterprise business is rapidly becoming more material. It contributed only 26% of the overall
 growth in 2020 and now almost half of the growth in 2021.
 underpins our success in building a leading enterprise business that is delivering strong
 and sustainable growth.
 The chart on the right-hand side shows additional proof the enterprise business achieved high
 by Billings growth rate throughout 2021.
 and actually accelerated nicely during the year
 after somewhat slower start due to the COVID retention
 and rightsizing issues in the first quarter of 2021.
 For the year as a whole, the enterprise business grew by 75%.
 The SMB business also grew nicely in the fourth quarter with 9% and 12% for the year respectively.
 Let's not forget that our SMB business serves as a very attractive funnel for the enterprise
 business and we have been extremely successful in converting SMB customers into SM Enterprise
 Have a good one.
 And this is obviously to the disadvantage of the reported SMB growth.
 Thank you.
 As mentioned before, I would like to give you a more detailed insight into our dynamically
 growing enterprise business in the next few slides, slide 7 now.
 I will start with the development of the number of our customers in the past 12 months, the
 The number of enterprise customers grew by 44% to now 2,712, particularly in the fourth
 quarter, in line with the usual seasonality for enterprise software companies, we were
 able to make further strong gains and almost double our growth average.
 This was driven by the strong execution of our pipeline at the end of the year.
 In addition, we want new customers through acquisition of abscalendoscopic, both of which
 which have been added to our Augmented Reality platform front line and now complete our fully
 integrated offering.
 We now count a well-balanced mix of use cases
 across managed connectivity and operational workflows
 in our portfolio, some of which I will show on the following slides.
 But before we get to some of the use cases, I would like to present the development of
 of billings in the enterprise business.
 not only the amount of enterprise customers increased,
 but also our enterprise.
 75% in 2021.
 we were able to grow the enterprise business
 nearly 100 million euro and this corresponds to more than a five-fold
 interest compared to, for example, around 17 million Euro in 2019.
 The success is also due to the fact
 that we were able to increase the size of the contract
 with the respective customers last year,
 as can be seen on the right-hand side.
 our annual contract value bucket above 200,000 Euro
 increased by 8 percentage points compared to 2020 and our smallest bucket 10,000 to 50,000
 ACV contracts declined by 11 percentage points, so really seeing a shift there.
 we were able to achieve this positive development primarily
 through our successful up and cross selling.
 our success in building lasting customer relationships
 and the acquisition of multiple new high-profile strategic
 partnerships with leading businesses in their respective industry.
 On the next slide, you can see the importance of strategic partnerships for our business.
 AP and Google Cloud were among the highlights in 2021.
 underlining our strong value proposition
 in the enterprise business.
 In addition to that, we partner with distinct multinational technology partners such as
 music, real wear, or NSF.
 Those strategic partnerships are a major driver for our long-term growth.
 The reason for this is two-fold.
 They help us to accelerate our expansion
 into various strategically relevant vertical industries and these partnerships are a great
 opportunity to join forces with those third parties and leverage our sales reach globally.
 With that, let's have a brief look at some exemplary use case of our product to begin
 with. The great success is clearly our collaboration with NSF International. I've just mentioned
 NSF International on the partnership slide.
 Let me elaborate a bit more on what we do together.
 NSF is a leading global food safety organization.
 We have closed the commercial agreement with them and we are now jointly improving in
 marketing and augmented reality solution to digitalize the food industry.
 This solution is based on our Enterprise AR platform
 frontline and guides workers step-by-step through the food production process.
 It is voice or eye-controlled and therefore really 100% hands-free.
 As you can imagine, this is a game changer for the food industry with its very strict
 hygiene regulations.
 The solution we have with NSF is already fully operational, and it is used, for example,
 by a global fast food restaurant chain.
 What I want to highlight here is that this solution is enhanced with artificial intelligence
 capabilities. So the software can detect, for example, if the workers are wearing and
 changing their hygiene gloves.
 are convinced that this will further contribute to more safety in the global food industry
 and adjacent. On slide 11 let me demonstrate another attractive use
 of our products, our productive collaboration with the Ford Motor Company.
 We provide extensive state-of-the-art augmented reality
 to Ford's Diagnostics team, which must go through complex technical issues when checking
 vehicles.
 Therefore, our solution were rolled out across more than 440 dealers worldwide, who now have
 the capabilities to solve problems more efficiently and accurately using augmented reality remote
 support.
 Another very different example of cooperation, which is one of the largest banking groups
 in Central and Eastern Europe, and together with TeamViewer
 ErsteBank enables its customers to visit, so to say, a virtual branch.
 That means that clients can consult a personal banking advisor who then can via video call
 help the client to put together online forms, upload documents and so on on the service
 level of this digital service is similar to the one in the real branches.
 I think this is, in this case, a great example of our customer engagement software team you
 engaged, that has been added to our portfolio through the acquisition of Salon also in
 in early 2021.
 The last great example of how to use our solution is shown on slide 13.
 Recently, we started working with ABB, one of the world's leading global technology
 companies. With our software, ABB provides remote support for their clients who heavily
 We use connected devices such as robots and industrial machines.
 And furthermore, another goal of ABB is to standardize the global remote IT support across
 all global divisions in U.S. ABB's partner of choice to achieve this goal.
 Our Enterprise Connectivity Sweetenzo is just the right solution here because it delivers
 stable, highly secure cross-country connectivity, both internally and externally.
 These four examples demonstrate the breadth of use cases for our products across the right
 wide range of different sectors and industries.
 This is one of the aspects that make us confident about our enterprise business.
 We come to the SMB business, page 14.
 Take a look, close a look there.
 Overall, we recorded the growth of 12 percent year on year in SMB, amounting to buildings
 of 455 million and several factors contributed to this growth.
 Firstly, part of the growth stems from higher volumes with existing customers as a result
 of all continued cross-and-upselling as well as winning new customers at higher prices.
 This can be seen in our ACV bucket split, our largest ACV bucket, 1,500 to 10,000 euros
 showed the most dynamic growth in the last two years with an increase of almost 10 percentage
 point.
 Secondly, we can see in the upper right corner that we were able to steadily increase our
 ASP again after a dip in the second quarter. In the fourth quarter of 2021 the ASP counted
 €728.
 And thirdly, we improved our SMB churn rates by almost 1 percentage point to 14.1 percent
 Q4 compared to Q4 2020.
 And again, SMB business is a very attractive funnel for our enterprise business, more than
 10 million euro of the incremental enterprise buildings in 2021 are actually coming from
 former SMB customers.
 As shown on the chart in the bottom right, we counted 624,000 SMB subscribers at the
 end of fiscal year 2021, which is 42K or 7% up from last year.
 In the fourth quarter, however, the number of subscribers remained essentially flat because
 of our decision to suspend free-to-paid monetization campaigns to further develop our ecosystem.
 I can't do that later.
 As we started into 2022,
 We intend to continue the suspension of free-to-paid monetization campaigns, and this should
 nurture our free user ecosystem, but will, at the same time, increase the
 is anality of all subscriber growth, with a majority of growth weighted to the second
 half of the year.
 We are confident that we will achieve our 30 to 50,000 subscriber growth target in the
 the year ahead.
 Team, your strong focus on further developing existing
 SMB customers and the growing relative importance of enterprise customers will further diminish
 the relevance of subscriber growth as a KPI for measuring future growth at TeamViewer.
 What are the use cases behind the SMB growth? We see similar use cases as for larger enterprises
 Maybe with the exception of operational workflows created on our front-line platform, which
 which are more biased towards enterprise.
 Overall, it's a well-balanced mix of use cases, clearly with a strong presence within remote
 access and control of all sorts of equipment and devices, including access and control
 of non-IT equipment.
 The digitalization around operational technology and their use cases also applies for SMBs.
 We cover IT management, including monitoring of IT environment, patch management, endpoint protection.
 We obviously also cover remote work use cases and in addition we offer customer engagement
 solutions as well as solutions for the education sector.
 So, very comprehensive portfolio for the SMB business as well.
 We go to the next slide, let me change gear, provide an update on our ecosystem for user
 ecosystem as we committed to do at the capital market stage.
 free ecosystem was one of the larger drivers of the SMB growth in the past, especially
 in 2019 and 2020 and not so much in 2021 anymore due to increased monetization as well as more
 competition at the low and our ecosystem has been declining in line with our update at
 the CMD, we want to stabilize the ecosystem again and ideally re-ignite growth.
 So here's the status on slide 16.
 As you can see, installations of our software have increased again, albeit only slightly,
 but this is clearly encouraging.
 Also, the number of monthly active devices has stabilized again.
 The one indicator which is still an expected decline is the number of yearly active devices.
 This is, for us, not really surprising, as we need to bear in mind that the number of
 280...
 3 million includes a significant number of devices active during severe lockdown restrictions,
 especially the fourth quarter of 2020
 and then the first quarter of 2021.
 And as those devices now roll off from the LTM count,
 we expect slight further decrease before that number will stabilize.
 That being said, the more current indicators,
 like installed and monthly active devices
 are essentially stable.
 The ecosystem number will also become less meaningful as we evolve to more use cases
 which are not necessarily fully reflected on our ecosystem, such as, for example, our AR solutions.
 Now, let's look at our strategic sponsoring activities as you are now investing in the
 team viewer brand and increasing marketing efforts to showcase our
 our extended product portfolio have been an important focus for us to broaden our solution
 awareness across all customer segments, we signed two partnerships with football club
 Manchester United and the Formula One and the Formula E racing teams of Mercedes.
 We have two partners with this to boost our brand awareness globally, really.
 brands at an unrivaled reach and marketing power for TeamViewer. With Manchester United we have
 have already achieved more than 11.7 billion impressions of our logo since the partnership
 officially started with last year regarding Mercedes we had nearly 800 million
 and video views featuring our logo on that channel.
 and we are able to reach a global TV audience
 of more than 1.5 billion Formula One viewers.
 You can see some more figures really impressive figures on our two major sponsorships on the slide on slide 17
 From our perspective, our sports sponsor activities are a strategic lever for team
 viewer as they are providing unrivaled global brand exposure, you can see how impressive
 these numbers are, and you can probably imagine that much higher spend is needed in traditional
 marketing activities to reach these numbers of exposure.
 Finally, as you can see on the right,
 We use our sports partnership also to develop joint use cases of our technology in action
 With that, we can then clearly demonstrate the value our software solutions can add at
 the different steps of the value chain for different businesses that really apply to
 all industries in one way or the other and these sports clubs are showcases for that.
 Therefore, we can leverage our sports engagement
 beyond pure branding and logo impressions,
 but use these joint use cases and success stories
 as a reference for other potential customers and then, of course, combine it with all other
 elements of the branding partnership.
 With the next slide, let's come to our internal improvement, which we've also discussed and
 announced through the Capital Market Day, which is called, this program called REMEX,
 which is on slide 18.
 Thank you.
 We launched this program to address some of the issues we faced in 2021.
 Since then, we've already made substantial progress in terms of execution successfully
 re-accelerated some of the growth initiatives to better balance buildings and cost growth.
 Let me briefly highlight some improvements which we made since announcing a remix program.
 Thanks to our core product team and we reallocated resources to this area away from non-focused
 products.
 This will also bear fruit in new UI UX update for coming, which is on track to be released early second quarter, so very shortly.
 Within remakes we also introduce the task force to upgrade our website and digital marketing
 Also, we made quite some progress regarding initiatives with short-term billings impact
 the new organization has settled in very well.
 and we conducted for the first time
 in two years as physical leadership kickoff
 With most of our senior leaders, it's just happened 10 days ago, and it's very important
 to be together in one room again.
 That's the end of this video.
 announced we strengthened the expertise of senior management and implemented some major
 cost reductions to better balance cost and billing flows.
 And as you can see, on the slide, we
 has been successful in Temple Reveley,
 freezing our headcount through effective regrouping,
 and outstanding at around 1,470.
 Coming up.
 I'm strongly convinced that we are well on track
 pushing TeamViewer ahead, following a sustainable and profitable growth trajectory.
 our efforts have already started to pay off and I'm confident that we will see many more
 more positive developments in the future.
 With that, I would like to hand over to my colleague Stefan, who will walk you through
 the financials in more detail.
 Thank you Oliver.
 Hi, good morning, also from my side.
 quickly summarizing the financial highlights, top line, bottom line, cash flow, and so total
 billings I mean obviously you've seen the numbers increased by constant
 currencies.
 Sorry.
 70% measured in constant currencies in Q4 and 20% for the full year, so delivering the
 high-teens growth, clearly due to very strong enterprise growth, as well as a nice contribution
 from SMB driven primarily by increased volume and higher ASPs with existing customers.
 I have as revenues grew 9% and 10% for Q4 and for the full year respectively.
 I think as you know the revenue growth rate has been below Billings growth rate due to
 the base effect from the discontinued perpetual license business model and during 2020 we
 still recognized roughly 46 million of previous perpetual license sales and obviously this
 figure now came down to only around 2.6 million in 2021.
 And that means it depresses our reported revenue growth.
 Now that being said, this effect will finally fully disappear in 2022, so billings grows
 and revenue growth will be much, much more in line.
 If we take a look at the revenues from the subscription model only they grew 16% in the fourth quarter and
 and twenty twenty two percent in twenty one overall
 So, again, much more in line with our reported buildings growth.
 So going forward, I think the picture will be much much clearer there
 Looking at probability, we came out at the high end of our pre-release numbers with
 is 257 million euro adjusted EBDA or a 47% margin, clearly very attractive margin overall
 despite our significant investments in future growth.
 That being said, clearly, we acknowledge that our margins are obviously down compared to
 an exceptionally profitable year 2020 which had all the tailwinds from COVID-19. Moving on to cash
 close. I think very strong set of numbers. Very pleased to report a level-free cash
 low which increased in the last quarter to 68 million euro overall up at 21 percent and
 for the full year 21, level of free cash flow
 decreased slightly by 5% obviously reflecting the slightly lower adjusted
 the EBDA, but overall still a very strong conversion.
 Now let's take a look at our bidding composition on the next slide, obviously an important
 breakdown. I think Q4 was quite remarkable for two reasons. A, the net retention rate
 increased quite nicely as you can see on the graph on the left hand side. Retain
 Billings in the fourth quarter amounted to $133 million, reflecting an appretention rate
 of 105%. This is, in fact, one of the highest numbers we have reached. Also, new billings
 contributed well to our overall growth, two quarters in a row, we achieve now two million
 of new billings and this is despite the absence of free user monetization.
 Looking at the year in total, we gained 94 million of new buildings, which was obviously
 below the 2020 COVID-19 peak figure but still a very solid number.
 subscribers increase of them percent I think those numbers are well known to
 you over the year, but basically essentially flat in the fourth quarter.
 This is primarily due to the suspension of the free-to-paid monetization campaigns which
 which we stopped entirely during the third quarter.
 and our subscriber base therefore slightly decreased by net thousand subscribers during
 the fourth quarter, which was pretty much in line with our estimate.
 I think you heard Oliver talk about the continued pause of this monetization, and therefore
 subscriber growth will be more biased towards the second half of 2022.
 But despite no subscriber growth, we were able to grow our billings in the fourth border by 17%.
 And please remember that the book of our subscribers, ASP, it can be 200 Euro at the low end, but
 It can also be more than one million euro in the enterprise business.
 So very different bookends in terms of ASPs.
 Bly 22, clearly an important measure to reflect the stickers of our customer base.
 The quality performance of the net retention rate showed, as I said, as strong as the net
 improvement in the fourth quarter coming up to 105% and therefore pushing the overall
 net retention rate for the full year to 98%. As you know, that's been quite a roller coaster
 year in terms of net retention rate and its development as we explained before the one
 time effects of ride sizing of the COVID customers triggered the strong
 degrees, especially in the first six months, and then we saw a subsequent increase again
 in Q3 and now in Q4 up to 105%, so very strong development, I would say.
 And despite the lower net subscriber number in Q4, new billings slightly went up to 20
 million euro. This is a good achievement. Frankly, most of those new buildings relate
 to more sticky enterprise customers with deeper embedded use cases, such as AR or managed
 and the price connectivity like ABB as Oliver mentioned.
 And again, as we have not run free user monetization
 anymore, I always believed that the customer
 cohort which we want lately might turn out to be stickier than the ones from other
 waters where we had new buildings more bias towards lower ASP, which tend to have a higher
 that you're going to attend the year later.
 Let's take a look at the geographic performance on slide 23.
 In terms of reach of performance, force-quarter billing growth was especially strong in the
 APEC region, that's good to see, really representing one of our key growth regions, it's a tough
 here for APEC overall but with a very strong finish as you might remember Q4
 last year was actually not that strong in Apex, so they also benefited from a lower base.
 However, we clearly saw very good improvements, especially compared against Q3, Q4 buildings
 of 30 million, roughly representing 30% year-on-year growth, very strong.
 You also saw that we have a new leader, Seo Jung-li, she's joined us as the new President
 APEC in December and I think with her we won a really a very proven enterprise software
 expert with significant knowledge in those important markets was, so we're very happy
 Let's move on to the Americas. Billings in the fourth quarter grew by 24%, also benefitting
 from some currency tailwinds as the U.S. dollar strengthened, growth in the Americas actually
 was clearly biased towards enterprise, very strong pipeline conversion there, I think
 Patty Nagy, who joined us in the May timeframe,
 clearly put together a very strong team
 contributed quite nicely there.
 EMEA contributed buildings of 86 million up 60 percent.
 I think America's performance is especially driven by the enterprise sales, and EMEA
 recorded good SMB results and also strong pipeline conversion but less strong than the
 Americans overall.
 So let's move on to the cost structure on the next slide.
 Or clearly the business remains very scalable, despite our strong push into adjacent markets
 and the even stronger push into our enterprise business with around 93% our cross-profit
 margin remained comfortably above 90%, actually even improving slightly compared to last year,
 to really showing that our infrastructure efficiently scales with this deadly growing
 business and that's even taking into account that we further expand into the enterprise
 business with larger deals and more complex use cases.
 Now let's take a look at our OPEX functions clearly in line with our key growth initiatives
 significant investments occurred, as you are all aware, especially in the marketing area.
 Now, reflecting the full impact of the marketing partnerships since Q3, that's pretty much
 a flat line expense, so each quarter pretty much the same amount to be
 expense for those partnerships but also in sales and marketing and R&D we invested strongly
 but generally speaking much more in line with Billings growth and then that
 expenses also came down to 2.5% and 2.9% in the full year.
 I think that has now been a very consistent development at all, but that expenses came
 going down, I expect that to improve slightly going forward as well as we become a more
 enterprise-buy business.
 Moving on to the next generation,
 clearly a continuous highlight of Team Biom.
 we continue to enjoy a strong cash flow
 and actually very high cash conversion.
 Full year pre-tax cash flow from operating activities was clearly impacted by the investment
 into the brand equity, sorry, into the brand equity partnerships, but that being said,
 levered pre cash flow in the fourth quarter actually sixty eight million
 up twenty percent or twenty one percent
 a very strong cash conversion in the fourth quarter and also actually benefiting from lower
 capex and interest payments.
 which you can see for the full year,
 level of free cash flow slightly decreased, obviously reflecting the marketing partnerships
 and the slightly lower EBDA.
 That being said, we achieved a cash conversion rate of 61% of just the EBITDA, I think overall
 very strong and actually would like to point out that our capex and interest
 payments, both nearly half, so quite significant improvements there.
 I expect them to stay at those lower levels going forward and clearly that means this
 healthy cash flow adds to an already strong liquidity position, as you can see in the
 next chart. I would like to take a step back here quickly I think there was the
 lingering question out there about our capital structure and I think we wanted to respond
 to that today.
 So at the time of the IPO, the company actually had a leverage of about 3.5 times EBDA, I
 I think clearly since then we have generated significant amount of cash and delivered pretty
 fast now to 1.3 times.
 new developments contributing to that. Obviously, this is driven by our continuously increased
 such as the EVDA on one hand and on the other hand we consistently generate a significant
 amount of free cash flows. And if you add this together, we have now a cash position
 of five hundred fifty million at the year end of twenty twenty two
 and a net debt position of $3.27 million.
 In Q1 of the last year, actually, we're all
 to use the chance to strengthen the balance sheet and secure the long-term really attractive
 financing with the promissory note of 400 million euro which we concluded by the end
 of Q1 2021. And as you can see at the bottom of this slide, our financing structure is
 very solid and long-term secured with no refinancing needs in the next two to three years.
 So overall, I think, a very solid balance sheet.
 And therefore, now we have set ourselves a sustainable year and leverage target of roughly
 21.5 times adjusted EBDA.
 I think this target is derived from well-balanced and long-term secured financing structure
 and obviously takes into account our continuously strong cash flow generation.
 So wrapping it up on the next slide, quickly highlighting the cache profile of TeamViewer
 Clearly it's a technology company with traditionally have low capex and I think that capex saw some peak during the last couple of years
 but has now come down substantially and will remain at those levels for the foreseeable
 future. We also had and will continue to have relatively low taxes. They left significant
 amount of textiles to carry forward.
 therefore our effective tax cash rate remains pretty low
 that remains the case for the next two years.
 And obviously, we are able to achieve and generate
 significant adjusted EBDA margins, even with the significant impact of the marketing and
 and brand investments, we retained margins comfortably in the mid 40% of the trend, so
 of 47% for the last year.
 So, finally, we consistently maintain this strong cash flow, and I think the brother
 growth in the enterprise as well as the S&P business in combination with our now well
 balance billings and cost growth will further boost cash generation going forward and if
 If you sum all of this up, I think Team UR clearly has a highly attractive financial
 profile and this financial profile and the strong position obviously helps us now in
 enables us to create value for our shareholders basically on a new level, which leads me to
 share buyback program. This program has been in discussion for a while and now we wanted
 to update you what you want to do going forward.
 So let's move on to the next slide.
 I think we talked about enough about our capabilities to deliver in our strong liquidity position
 and therefore we have decided to initiate a share buyback program with a volume of 300
 in euro 300 million euro or pretty much 10 percent of our shares that's obviously fully
 in line with the authorities granted by our shareholders in the HGM in 2019.
 Obviously, we also released an ad hoc announcement this morning.
 The program is scheduled to start tomorrow and is also expected to be completed within
 the fiscal year 2022.
 Obviously, the whole buyback program will be carried out in accordance with EU regulations
 and other applicable rules and so forth.
 What do you note?
 vast majority of the shares will be cancelled and therefore the share
 account of the company will be reduced accordingly, so roughly by 10%.
 I think this should really demonstrate the confidence of us in the strong outlook of
 the business and our commitment to shareholder value creation by now allowing shareholders
 to participate in the success of TVU.
 And with the remaining €200 million of cash, we still have adequate financial flexibility
 and firepower to execute on our cross initiatives, I think overall a very strong position to
 That's all for now.
 Thank you for watching.
 Let's move on and conclude my presentation with the outlook for 2022.
 Clearly, as you heard Oliver talk, we expect continuing demand for solutions over the coming
 waters, the global megatrends are still well intact and will continue to support our growth
 trajectory in 2022. I think the continued implementation of the measures which we talked
 about and updated you today will further positively impact this development.
 And I think against this background, we continue to target high-teams buildings growth and
 expect billings in a range of 30 to 650 million euro for the current fiscal year and revenues
 expected to increase in the mid-teens to Euro 565 to 580 million.
 HRC-DBA march is expected to be between 45 and 47, and furthermore clearly we all expect
 operating cash flow to increase again compared to 2021.
 For the midterm outlook, this remains unchanged as well.
 We see the mentioned growth rates for buildings and revenue as well as an improvement of our
 just the EBA margin going forward. And with that I would hand back to Oliver.
 Thank you very much Stefan. Let me close with some final remarks. I think from our perspective
 2021, a very remarkable year with some challenges but also some very strategic decisions which
 are very important on the partnership side, on the M&A side, on the development of the
 enterprise business broadening the solution portfolio and the like, so really significant
 decisions and steps towards continued profitable growth.
 We have set a clear course and we deliver on this.
 We have delivered on our updated 2021 guidance, steadily generating high teens growth in combination
 with strong profitability and very strong cash flows, as Stefan pointed out.
 We are pleased to announce that we will use our strong financial profile to return some
 and I'll see you in the next video.
 that we generate to our shareholders and the share buyback strongly and clearly underpins
 our confidence in our business and the future growth of TeamViewer.
 This concludes today's presentation, and we now look forward to taking your questions.
 Thank you.
 We will now begin our question and answer session.
 If you have a question for us, because please dial 0-1 on your telephone
 keep that now to enter the queue. Once your name has been announced, you can ask a question.
 If you find your question as answered before, if you are trying to speak, you can dial 0-2
 to answer your question.
 If you're using speaker equipment today, please lift the answer before making a selection.
 one moment please for the first question.
 The first question is coming from George Webb at Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
 Morning Oliver Stefan, thanks for taking my questions. I've got a few. So firstly, just
 want to start on net retention rates which obviously jumped in Q4 to 105% looks like there's a bit
 bit of an FX tailwind in there.
 How are you thinking about constant currency net retention rates across 2022 and what's
 your latest thoughts around pricing levels on the SMB base. That's the first question.
 Secondly, just on the enterprise side, 2.4 good level of net additions.
 So what extent are those masks in conscience having an impact in Q4 and how sustainable
 you've used the improved pipeline conversion as you look into 2022.
 And then you just find this small one on the adjusted cost lines, quite a notable step
 pop in R&D and Q4 that looks driven by more than just headcount increases.
 is not anything specific going on there. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, George.
 start with NIR, I'm also very pleased with that development, I think NIR for the full
 years at 98%, fourth quarter 105%, you pointed out yes, there was some
 currency table and probably two percentage points, I guess, in the fourth quarter for
 the years are probably much unaffected by constant currencies. How do I see that going
 Obviously, we've made this guide now assuming roughly stable currency rates, what we currently
 And I would expect some slight improvements in net retention rate.
 I think it's a bit early to give precise guidance, but as you know, especially in the first
 six months we have seen a negative effect of all of the right sizing and down sizing
 from the covid customers and that was quite a drag on our NRR that being said in the
 In the second half, we recalculated the data.
 how about quite significant steps, quite significantly.
 So it's a good trend and I would expect clearly that overall we continue to improve our NRR
 for the full year which was like 98% but bear with us. I think it's a bit too early to give
 precise guidance there.
 And then thinking about pricing power in the SMB space, I think we've now been able to
 again to show a nice increase in ASP with the SMB space.
 This is driven by two factors, A, obviously continuous upsell into the install base,
 more use cases, more embedded products, cross-selling activities going on, so it's well-balanced
 mix of more use cases and some pricing increases which you pushed through and I do think the
 price environment is actually pretty stable so I don't see any indications that this would
 change even at the low end.
 the marketing partnerships the impact in the fourth quarter look I mean obviously significant
 impact on the PNL, I think Oliver talked about in his presentation, what we see in terms
 of friend's equity and the positive impact there, it did not really influence the top
 line, meaningful in the fourth quarter. It's also not what we expected, frankly, we always
 We always said this is a long-term investment, but really from a brand perspective, very
 That's what we are seeing.
 I think that was the fourth part of your question.
 overall very happy what we've seen in the fourth quarter.
 I mean, here is the fourth quarter of an enterprise business
 showtime and I think especially the America team converted their pipeline very well, strong
 pipeline build and pipeline conversion.
 And in here also good pipeline conversion, so overall very pleased with what we've been
 seeing, but obviously it's also the fourth quarter and it's important to see that pipeline
 conversion to forced water. As you would expect now, obviously some of the pipeline needs
 to be rebuilt right as for all other enterprise of the companies out there as well.
 Last question was around costline R&D. Anything special with the forceboard or not?
 not really, I think it's the full impact of the acquisitions, which we've done, that's
 about it, but going forward that growth will be slower.
 Great, thank you.
 The next questions come from James Goodman at Barclays.
 your line is not open.
 Great morning, thanks very much and particularly for the extra disclosure around the SMB business
 as well.
 other questions from me, firstly just on the headcount side. If I look at Q4 there's been
 a meaningful reduction in the sales and the marketing lines there, presumably around the
 the right sizing, so I really just wondered if you could talk a little bit about your
 plans in terms of headcount into 22. Are you expecting any impact from from that
 lower sales headcount and how are you finding employee attrition and the sort of general
 environment around employees, giving the changes and movements
 last year. And then just secondly, I guess a slightly broad question on the outlook for
 22, nearly half, half of the growth this year from SMB versus Enterprise, so I just wondered
 rule of thumb. You're expecting something similar in this year and then in terms of
 seasonality there as well. I think a sort of a flatter set of comps than we've had previously
 but still a little bit of residual strength in Q1 from that COVID period two years ago.
 So, would it be fair to say that you'd expect growth to be stronger in the Q2 to Q4 part
 of the year. Thank you.
 Hi, James. Thanks. So, just for your first question, headcount, yeah, we had a headcount
 as you can see from the numbers up with a very strong intake, that's really just a free
 no meaningful reduction and especially there's no meaningful head
 and say it's a marketing, so this is these are two areas where we're investing.
 So there's regrouping underneath the hat, so to say, but all in all, we have a strong
 sales for strong marketing support, and that's not going to impact the growth and the initiatives
 for this year.
 I think then in terms of the rule of thumb, I mean obviously we don't give guidance between
 for as in being the enterprise growth, but generally speaking, the way how we see that
 This is not a bad approach, I think, now.
 And that would equal to, I mean, as in B-draws,
 10% or a bar for getting to 12% growth.
 It's obviously the target which we gave ourselves at the CMD.
 We're not quite there yet, but obviously we put in place lots of measures to improve our
 and deep performance and I think if we expect equal weighting of enterprise incremental
 growth and there's to be incremental growth, that's a good rule of thumb.
 Yeah, you're right. I would also expect a moderately biased scenario towards the second half
 A, we continue to post monetization of free users as we talked about, that's still the
 case, so we don't use any of that for the time being, and obviously enterprise pipeline
 And re-build and converting obviously is also biased as for most other enterprise software
 companies more towards the second half.
 Okay, thank you all of it. Just maybe coming back just on the on the employee side just a little bit more detail
 I mean, just around the general environment, it's clearly a topic across the space at the
 the moment just in terms of attrition versus wage inflation versus finding the right people
 anything to add around that?
 At a good point, clearly we see that there is significant competition for workforce across
 all markets I think started in the U.S. and now it's also reached Europe in APEC was
 always very difficult to find high-caliber people.
 Certainly, we've used the regrouping exercise to also think about adjustments there in terms
 of increasing salaries and making adjustments for the people that are high-talent and we
 want to keep going forward and then some reductions in some places where we felt we are not the
 that possible position. So it's getting harder, absolutely. I think we have an attractive
 compensation system, we provide significant opportunities and we have an eye on that.
 I wouldn't say that we have difficulties finding people.
 tuition has gone up in some areas, but also, honestly speaking, during the REMEX program
 part of it was also, see me wanted, so to say, so we were actually quite happy to have
 the opportunity to regroup in some places and in some departments globally.
 So all in all I would feel well under control, but it's getting tougher for sure.
 That's helpful. Thanks very much.
 The next questions come from Mohammed Movala at Goldman Sachs.
 Your line is now open.
 Great.
 Thank you.
 Morning.
 and Stefan, a couple from me. First of all, Stefan, you made the comment around Q4 being
 show time for the enterprise sales force but the pipeline having had to be rebuilt.
 I'm just curious to get your sense on kind of the visibility of this business because
 because it's obviously been very Q4-loaded over the last couple of years.
 I mean, the, the overlight enterprise can IT spending environment, you know, we, from
 everyone you hear is pretty robust.
 So I'm just curious what you can do
 around kind of driving more consistency here,
 both around kind of pipeline build,
 but are you also seeing any progress or evidence
 on some of the larger deals and is that sort of baked into your expectations or not.
 And then secondly, just again, back on enterprise,
 in terms of execution.
 You know, can you maybe talk us through any sort of changes you have made to sort of make
 the...
 this execution a bit more kind of consistent on the side as well.
 Thank you.
 So, enterprise visibility, yes, when I say showtime, clearly, I mean, as you know, enterprise
 business has always been biased towards the fourth quarter whether we liked it or not. It's just the fact in the enterprise software industry I
 I think what we've seen here is a good build of the pipeline, especially in the Americas,
 and Petty joined us as she put together a new team.
 And I think that the team also with existing teleth actually produced a very good pipeline
 and then converted really strong into fourth quarter and I think this was the progress
 across all use cases and across all the sizes in the U.S.
 I think in EMEA, we are slightly behind.
 There was leadership change a bit later in the year in the fourth quarter and I think
 the pipeline beta in the EMEA region as we expressed during the third quarter was not
 as strong as in the US, but they converted also very nicely over all speaking.
 I think what's good to see from my perspective is that the pipeline we have now built together
 with our key partners like SAP or Google and the likes, it's increasing.
 That's nice.
 also pretty much centered around the newer use cases which tend to have larger ticket
 sizes, but clearly those partners, like I mentioned, they are also very much biased towards Q3
 in Q4 right towards the end of the year when they convert a pipeline.
 But overall happy with what we see. As you would expect, going into the new year, there is some carryover from
 The image hasn't been closed, which we can close and did close early on, but fundamentally
 Obviously, you need to rebuild the enterprise pipeline, but happy with what we've been
 you can see in here. In terms of execution, look, I think it's all about being close
 towards the deals and closely to what's the
 closely managing the enterprise team. I think that's what we've been doing over the last
 few months, all by Patty and Jan, who managed to see me,
 enterprise team are now so tuned. I think generally speaking we are much closer to our
 closer monitoring our enterprise development, sales productivity, and that makes me confident
 that we have it in place to deliver on our 2022 numbers.
 But I would also say that, of course, what you call make execution more consistent.
 I mean, if I turn it around, the inconsistency is of course also due to the fact that we
 We see really many positive movements.
 I mean, we see a move over the last quarters towards larger deal sizes.
 We see regional moves.
 We enter new verticals, which we haven't present before.
 We did the acquisitions to add augmented reality.
 So all of this is getting us larger projects, outside deals at certain points in time plus
 on top now, we have the partnerships which we're launching with SAP and Google, so I
 I would say, in a way, a good problem to have because the share of new business to recurring
 Renewal business is still very high and then of course that distorts the picture here and
 there a little bit, but with the overall growth rate and track record you see except for the
 COVID quarters, I think it's impressive, so therefore I wouldn't call it an inconsistency.
 It's the growth, growing pain, so to say, of a business which is really gaining speed.
 Okay, that's great, and I could fit one more in on the SME side.
 side that was obviously kind of the deceleration in the kind of sequentially the subscribers
 But maybe Oliver, could you update us on the kind of state of the competitive landscape?
 Has there been any sort of is it just remain as competitive at the kind of very low end and you know
 So I know you talk about kind of stabilisation and gradual improvement, just curious to get
 of perspective.
 Yeah, I think the I think pretty much unchanged. I would say as we have discussed the
 The COVID wave has really brought a number of new competitors winning customers and trying
 to get customers and subscribers at the lower end.
 So this is a numbers game, not a ASP game, so to say.
 these are small ticket sizes.
 And I think we can do many things there.
 What we did in the past clearly is,
 we had a good portion of the subscriber growth
 through conversion of free users.
 We converted quite a few of them in the COVID aftermath.
 We felt now it's time to probably better ring fence our free user base more don't monetize too much
 Let them be on the platform and use our products and get to know other use cases.
 That's what we have implemented in Q3, and also in Q4, and that's what we expect, so
 I wouldn't say there is no change in the competitive landscape.
 I think we have discussed it multiple times, but it's more like we take a more aggressive
 stands maybe, which is, okay, let people stay on the platform and don't monetize them because
 But we don't really need these extra subscribers to print significant growth for the moment
 And if you kind of take that $30,000 to $50,000,
 Subscriber, additional guidance, something which we can do at the later stage if we need
 2 and 1, 2.
 Great, thank you.
 The next question is coming from Stacey Pollard, a JP Morgan, your line is now open.
 Hi, thank you very much. Maybe some quick follow-ups from me just digging in on that last comments around SMBs and the subs
 We saw a little bit of a drop from Q4 to Q3.
 When you talk about competition, are you mostly competing on price because the products are
 or somewhat similar and commoditized at that low end,
 or are you somehow grabbing customers
 because of features or function,
 or is that where the competitive landscape is?
 just to really understand what the features are.
 And in second question, are you able to broadly quantify
 impact some of the strategic partnerships with SAP and Google as you think ahead.
 So say what portion of growth you'd expect them to contribute, either in 2022 or at some
 point in the future.
 And sorry, final question, recapital allocation, is the share buyback now the priority focus
 And how are you thinking of M&A?
 maybe not as much planned for 2022,
 or do you see more opportunities?
 Yeah, maybe I start with the competition point I think if you if you get to the entry level
 where you think about working from home one computer connecting to another
 a computer where it's very hard to differentiate on features because you're effectively connecting
 to managed IT equipment pieces.
 That's the other competition, I would say it's more on price.
 we are, we have an attractive offer which we call TeamView Remote Access which is for
 this individual user situation and in some markets this is contestively priced and others
 It's maybe a bit too high, but it's also not the key focus for us, so we haven't been
 in reacting on this a lot.
 Now what we focus on is feature richness and quality of connectivity to all kinds of devices
 across all operating systems, reliability, performance, global footprint.
 In order for this to be really relevant, you have to be a professional service provider
 using the product day in day out in very different use case situations where you don't want to have a
 a breakdown or a non-connection and you want to have security.
 So, this is...
 would say the bifocation if there's focus on features and connectivity, resilience and
 reliability, then we win.
 If it's purely single person connecting, we are under price pressure, we tend to be not
 as competitive enough, that's why we basically given it for free at the moment, which we
 with that, if you remember the IPO, we said the free product is the best protection against
 slow in competition. We haven't played that card over the last 24 months, but now we do.
 And then maybe on the strategic partnerships, I mean, recapping 2021, I mean, obviously
 those have been closed and signed towards the end of the summer with the
 things like significant contribution in 2021, despite that there was strong momentum in
 pipeline built, especially in the Americas. I think we are well connected there with the
 team.
 We already closed a few smaller deals together with SAP, which is which is good to see
 Also, Google supported us here in some larger deals, also very strong contribution there
 through indirect relationship support, I would say, so all very pleased with the momentum
 which we've seen. Now it's obviously all about increasing and building the pipeline and start
 converting the same in the second half, I think it's a bit too early to quantify the
 full impact frankly but obviously those strategic partnerships open up avenues for significant
 growth in the enterprise space.
 I mean, last year we did 40 million of incremental buildings in the enterprise business roughly.
 I think it doesn't take a whole lot to imagine that successful SAP partnerships and Google
 partnerships can contribute meaningful to those numbers.
 I mean the overall logic is that there's a complete new set of solutions which are more
 and more adopted, which are based on the augmented reality platform.
 So really, supporting other workers and employees
 which are not in the office environment,
 which are outside the office environment so call them front-line workers or
 by industrial workers or service technicians, whatever.
 There's the clear trend to bring more IT, more software, more support outside of the
 IT, the headquarter, into these functional areas and the nice thing is that I think we
 all aligned with this opportunity. So, clearly, I mean, like Google, like others, but also
 Google, they want to increase their cloud consumption by new types of services that
 can be provided across the enterprise.
 somebody like SAP really extending the proposition from ERP warehouse management to frontline
 worker support, our software coming into play, sometimes this is a integration, some professional
 services needed, which is then tapping into the traditional partner network that is doing
 a software implementation so I think a good group of companies coming around that opportunity
 And that's why we're so positive about this future perspective.
 And then maybe on the share buy back in the M&A, look, I think the key question for us
 was how are we dealing with this in a cash position. We built up over the last couple
 of years, leveraged down 1.3 times, so that this enables us to do this share buyback.
 But that being said, I would feel very comfortable to take up leverage again if the right target
 It comes our way, yeah.
 I think we have the financial firepower and the flexibility in our banshee to pursue M&A.
 that's not immediately on the horizon, absolutely not,
 but we still maintain significant firepower to pursue M&A.
 Okay.
 Thanks.
 The next question is coming from Hannes Leitner at UBS.
 I can line it up.
 Yes, thank you for letting me on. I've also a couple of follow-up questions, maybe on
 says this question just to add here in regards to your conducted aim on the can you talk
 us through about the contribution for Q4 and then also how that kind of now is a total
 the group, for example, the AR mixed reality have contributed to enterprise feelings to
 to get their better sense of the performance.
 And then maybe just to follow up, because you mentioned
 enterprise had a reshuffle in Europe, is that anything related with Udemyx and with
 management. And then just the second topic would be to discuss margins. Q4 has been quite
 seen quite healthy margins, 2022 guidance shows a little bit less confidence in it.
 Maybe you can talk us over the near term and the mid term, the margin trajectory as enterprise
 It ramps up.
 Because, obviously, you should have the higher cost attached.
 So how would you plan to offset that moving part?
 Thank you
 Yeah, sorry just the first part the first few and I think so yes
 So the first part was about the M&A that we did, the contribution in the fourth quarter
 and the AR contribution, and the likes, and the reshuffles,
 so maybe I go first and then.
 So I think the way to think about it is that we have fully integrated UBMAX upscale and
 this topic into our product management, R&D, and also go to market and sales, obviously
 Sales was more coming from the team viewers side not so much from these smaller companies
 So, I'm going to end this video here.
 Thank you for watching.
 significant contribution from AR.
 If you look at the enterprise in total currently, definitely we can comment on the numbers,
 but I think important is the go-forward pipeline.
 And as we see it in most regions, I would say that that's somewhat like a split-off
 50-50 between topics which are centered around augmented reality solutions for frontline
 One way or the other can be manufacturing, field engineering, service technicians, logistics,
 So all the use cases really and the other half being classical tensor and engagement
 manage connectivity, customer interaction, products, and so forth.
 So that's how I would say, contribution to the pipeline
 go forward.
 the EMEA reshuffling that has nothing to do with UBIMARC or anything like this, the three
 the UB Max founders are all still on board.
 One is our Chief Product Officer.
 one is leading the enterprise sales and solution delivery
 in IMEA and one is based out of the US really driving the augmented reality solutions there
 with the President of America, so that's not a driver.
 the drivers really leadership change only and then a little bit of recutting the regional
 the teams underneath, so nothing more than that.
 I let Stefan comment on the margin, but what is not true is that enterprise is suppressing
 our margin that we have found the enterprise investments back in the years, so to say,
 ramped up our sales force and also our R&D product management and the like, so I think
 that ingoing hypothesis is wrong on that end.
 Maybe it's just a new gimmick because I think all of those three founders play a very important
 role within the organization, as Oliver just mentioned.
 And obviously, they have very strong enterprise background.
 So, great to have them on board, and it's good to see that their rows have actually
 increase in importance.
 In terms of March, that's all I was actually right.
 Now look, I think enterprise is close to 20% and there was always a question, is this going
 to be dilutive and it's not and it hasn't been if you would strip out the marketing
 partnership's effect on our PNL, it would still be at mid 50s, roughly, right, so despite
 enterprise business growing or nearly doubling in last year, we would have been able to keep
 our margins at very high level, so I think from my perspective no dilutive impact, why
 Why is that?
 Hey, look.
 significant professional services, it's land and expand, taking SMB customers and
 converting them into larger customers.
 That's a big driver as well.
 And I don't think it's going to change going forward.
 Now, in terms of marching, you expressed it as having less confidence.
 I don't think so, frankly.
 I think, frankly, in 2021, we over-delivered against the guidance we gave ourselves.
 was 44 to 46 percent. Now we came out at 47 percent. I think we said at the time of
 In a couple of markets today we want to improve margins again as we exit 2022 and now I think
 we've achieved that goal a bit earlier in 2021.
 And I think the march and guidance we gave ourselves
 45% to 47% is a good margin target and it's not diluted. Clearly, we should bear in mind
 that in 2021, the first quarter didn't have the impact of the marketing partnerships that
 marched over around 60% but obviously that's not repeatable anymore and that's the biggest
 reason for a potential adjustment of forward marches.
 But as you pointed also out in the fourth quarter, we achieved 44% margin, so very good.
 Now we have the cost trees implemented, as Oliver mentioned,
 for the course pause, as Oliver mentioned, and that should help us to get the margins
 So the 405 to 47% level.
 Okay. Thank you. Just in regards to the cost trees, just on the implied OPEX increase,
 suggests that you have OPEX increasing by 19% this year, so in line with the top line.
 So that's why the Raymax program should actually mitigate their sum, and that's why I suggested
 the conservatism. And then the last word is in the enterprise on the acquisition. So
 you're saying that there is almost no contribution from upskill and viscopic in Q4. Thank you.
 Yeah, look with Copic, it was a small startup which we acquired, so the material and the
 same with upskill, yeah, I mean that's hardly material contributions from that, so also
 the course which you have seen is pretty much organic growth.
 Exactly. It studies what you have done.
 They're part of the solution portfolio, but you cannot strip out.
 they didn't come with billings, which are now absorbed and would devalue the organic
 growth performance, that's absolutely not the case.
 And Hans, maybe just quickly on the code scroll, I mean,
 Obviously the growth compared to 2021 is predominantly the full-year impact of the marketing partnerships
 right.
 started in the second quarter with half the charge more or less and since Q3 it's fully
 expands in the PNR, but obviously now going into Q1, you will see significant increase
 compared to Q1 last year, but the run rate is now stable. If you compare Q3, Q4, it's
 It's a pretty stable runway.
 That makes total sense.
 Thank you.
 The next one is kind of from Gustav Froberg at Berenberg.
 back.
 The deadline is open.
 Thank you for a second. Mine as well. Good morning. I just have three very quick ones,
 hopefully, to on capital allocation and the shared buyback program.
 I was hoping you could just give us some more color there on how you've reached the decision
 to reach or to go for a share buyback program and how we should view what is effectively
 return of cash to shareholders via share buybacks versus the company's re-investment opportunities
 and the maturity of the business.
 So just one question on the deliberations
 you made when arriving at that decision versus investing in yourself via M&A or organically.
 question on the shares you would like to cancel, so why would you not consider using more of
 both back shares as acquisition currency. And then the third question on cost, you mentioned
 during the CMD that you would like to start capitalizing sales costs, could you please
 remind us what you expect the impact may be in 2022.
 Yeah
 On the shareback, the decision, look, I think that that was a quite an intense discussion
 over the last quarter, frankly. Since we IPOed the company, there was the question already
 back then, what are you going to do with the significant cash you're going to generate
 over the next couple of years.
 And I think now with the leverage of 1.3 times, we had to answer the question.
 And then obviously we deliberated and conducted quite some intense reviews about balance sheet
 structure, what is a reasonable balance sheet for us, what gives us a still enough headroom
 to invest into the business and we feel anything below a leverage of 1.5 times, this then allows
 as the opportunity to return cash to shareholders through a share buyback and I think that's
 what the level which we have already achieved.
 However, I think, and that's the good news.
 It does not eat into our re-investment opportunities at all.
 I think we still have very strong financial firepower to pursue M&A.
 I would feel comfortable anytime to increase the leverage again if the right target comes
 I will wait.
 I think this actually now gives us the opportunity, the share by bank to let shareholders participate
 and the cash we generate, but at the same time does not eat into our future M&A plans.
 I think maybe for my side to add to this, I think the thinking process is A, M&A is
 not on the list short term. I think we clearly committed that capital market today that it's
 It's all about organic performance.
 We revised our guidance, revised our midterm plans, we gave details around value creation
 in enterprise and SMB and it's about delivering on this in the short term so therefore no
 I'll see you in the next video.
 Bye-bye.
 thoughts on M&A number one, number two, if we were to do M&A, if either at a later stage
 It's either Takke and M&A, which we have very successfully done with you.
 we make upskill with Skorvik in the past and the current share by the premium leaves
 all the opportunity and flexibility to do so if that would come along.
 The only limitation would be if there is a mega M&A, and then we anyway in a different
 game and need to think about different different measures because then the capital we have
 wouldn't be enough, and that's totally not on the horizon at the moment, so therefore
 we felt after quite some discussions with investors over time we should do this now
 because it's a good timing and we don't need the funds.
 And then in terms of why cancel, not keep them for M&A currency, look, I think it's
 just straight up to cancel them. We can obviously, if we pursue M&A reissue shares, I think
 technically not a big difference, but it's just
 straight up to cancel them now for the time being.
 Yeah, as it's not on the short term horizon, I think it wasn't.
 And then sales commission, your last point, yes, we started capitalizing some of those
 around 3 million in the fourth quarter and I expect going to 2022 there to be in the
 a mid-single-digit-million range, so probably 5 to 7 million on a yearly basis.
 All right, please stop. Thank you very much
 Cool
 The next restaurant coming from Jean-Marc Conti at Deutsche Bank your lines now open
 Yeah, hi there. Just a few follow-ups for me too. I have three questions. Just the first one
 Could you perhaps share on your FY21 base what is the percentage of billings that comes
 from AR and IoT and sort of what is the customer count
 evolution there.
 The second question is, if you could share some data,
 I know you previously spoke in on your CMB about,
 IT versus OT use cases.
 How is that looking in the fourth quarter
 how you're thinking about the trends progressing into FY22, if you're still seeing potentially
 more of OT use cases, the psyche, and how you're measuring that.
 The final one is just sort of a clarification.
 I wanted to understand whether your enterprise spillings,
 I saw that you've converted sort of 12 million from the SMB.
 I was wondering out of the eight to one remaining,
 how much came from retained versus new ends?
 and how does the new wins and end the price
 compared to the previous years.
 Thank you.
 Okay, so on the AR side of things, I think we discussed at the capital market today that
 on an ATM-based operational workflow,
 buildings were around $30 million, $1.3 million, and that has substantially increased in the
 forced water, as you would expect, and also highlighting some of the use cases all over
 mention which included our front-line solution solution. So overall still
 obviously relatively small, but it's part of new buildings, especially in the enterprise
 business becoming increasingly important.
 important. Also mentioning the partnerships with Google and SAP that's obviously right
 now at this point in time predominantly focusing on those use cases, and then thinking about
 the IAT OT use case split. Predominantly more bias towards OT, especially obviously the
 the front line solutions as well, or the whole AR suite.
 I think probably going back a year, one and a half years ago, was roughly split, I'd
 50% OT, 50% IT use cases or managed connectivity use cases, if I take a look at the pipeline
 today. It's probably rather two-thirds OT front line lead use cases and one-third of
 the fields probably have an IT use case scenario to it as well.
 I think overall it's well balanced frankly and it should see and has seen a significant
 a larger increase towards our new products, which is very, very encouraging.
 But it's also important to notice.
 I mean, most large customer situations
 have a mix somewhat.
 There's either they start within IT and then have the plan to move into more parts of the
 organization and connect more devices all the other way around to your question, how
 How do we measure this?
 I think the honest answer is that we have in the CRM, of course, we have a clear understanding
 of what the customer do, but we don't measure it with a single KPI because we tried in the
 past, and there is kind of specifics on connectivity and the likes and the likes, but ultimately
 the only thing that has is to engage with customers and understand what they're doing and that's
 It's not a quantitative measure which we're following or managing, it's not so relevant
 The importance is that we sell more use cases to larger organizations.
 And then lastly, on the enterprise, new buildings, significant amount of the incremental buildings
 and enterprise came from new customer wins. Obviously, we have a strong net retention
 rate in the enterprise business or wallets a hundred five percent for the
 fourth quarter you can imagine for the enterprise was significantly higher but
 But even that being said, we still had a very good intake of new enterprise customers in
 in the fourth quarter, as you would expect as well.
 Right.
 I'm just a quick follow-up.
 Are you saying that the free-to-play campaign you are sort of blocking it even in the long
 to them, like even in the future, or is it something that you might revisit and sort of
 to say if growth expectations on exactly what you want them to be.
 No, I think the, yeah, good question. I think the past, past meaning before this whole COVID
 The path that I was showing that it makes sense to convert some of the free users into
 into paying customers in a given market.
 but then don't do anything for a while.
 Now we have done very little in Q3, nothing in Q4.
 And as we said before, likely the same will be Q1, Q2,
 but let's see, but that's the current planning.
 And then, most likely, we will do some monetization again towards the second half of the year
 in selective market and let's see what the contribution is.
 We feel very comfortable with this 30,000 to 50,000 new drivers, which we want to grow
 part of it will come from free-to-pay, it's likely part of it will come from voluntary
 purchases through other initiatives. So this is the way we look at it at the moment. Of
 because if we see significant other traction in other parts of the business and we can
 and suspend it even longer, then we'd likely do so.
 but that's how to be discussed later during the year.
 Right.
 Just one last one that I can fit it in on my previous question
 around, you know, new wins and enterprise.
 Are you not able to pin a number or quantify the percentage of enterprise billing that
 the right for new customers, not that we're retained or converted from SMB.
 Look, I think that's something which we don't want to do at this point in time.
 I think the important step in the C&D was to give precise color around those two different
 segments, SMB and enterprise, but I think that's it for the time being.
 I think it was. Go forward, we might change this, but at this point in time, we focus
 on providing overall feelings between SMB and Enterprise.
 And it's also not at this point I know I mean later in the future might be more relevant
 But at the moment, we have so many customers where there is a contact and there is a license
 in our SMB base and whether you call that a new logo despite the fact that maybe there
 There is a few thousand euro license there.
 I think this is such a significant move upwards.
 And then there's a few customers that come in completely new,
 new logos with a big ticket, but I think at the moment, I would say it really doesn't
 matter that much later when we have more of these large logos and we talk more about upsell
 development and cross-selling and we have maybe at some point depleted the number of
 large organization is our subscriber base. That would be a different topic, but at the
 moment it's just not the operational reality at the moment.
 As a reminder, if you have a question for us, because please, guys, zero one to enter the queue.
 The next questions come from Victor Cheng at Bangalore America.
 your line is not open.
 Hi, thanks for taking the question, too, from my side.
 Just a follow-up on the NetSubscriber edition.
 can provide a bit more color and how we should think about it, particularly for Q1-2 is the
 target of 30 to 50k net new additions, achieve in 2022 or should we expect it to be a bit
 closer to the lower end.
 And then, second question on the free user base, are you able to break down the yearly
 active devices by device types and how that has evolved over time as IOT
 become a bigger part of these devices, and if so, does that imply the free base for creating
 device actually have shrunk a bit more.
 Thank you
 So I'd say net additions to 50k is the range of net additions we want to do and we confirm
 And that's probably weighted towards the second half.
 As I said, Q1, Q2, probably suspended free-to-pay campaigns.
 so wouldn't expect significant net ads in these two quarters from today's perspective.
 free user base breakdown, we wouldn't go to that detail, we have different metrics around
 free user base, of course, but I think that's nothing which we would want.
 device type isn't interesting, but of course, if you look at the sheer number of hundreds
 of millions of active devices, most of them are one way or the other, Windows or Android
 operating system, so breaking that out by device type at the moment is not that relevant.
 device type we can't do anyway the only thing is operating system right and running on that but
 But as I said, this is not really meaningful because obviously Microsoft is pretty dominant.
 You can do mobile Android versions, and it's not meaningful.
 All right, thank you.
 There are no more questions at the moment for closing remarks.
 my perspective speakers.
 OK.
 Thank you very much for the questions and looking forward to talking again soon.
 Thank you.
 Thanks.
 Cheers.
 Thank you for your attendance.
 call has been concluded, you may disconnect.