 Thank you for standing by
 and welcome to the Capital Product Partners
 Fourth Quarter 2021 Financial Results Conference Call.
 We have with us Mr. Jerry Kalogiratis, Chief Executive Officer of the company.
 at this time
 all participants are in a listen-only
 him out.
 There will be a
 presentation followed by a question and answer session at which time if you wish to ask a question
 please press star 1 on your telephone keypad
 and wait for the automated message advising your line is open.
 I must advise you this conference is being recorded today.
 The statements in today's conference call that are not historical facts,
 including our expectations regarding cash generation, equity returns, and future death
 level, our ability to
 pursue growth opportunities, our expectations or objectives regarding future distribution
 amounts, capital reserves amounts, distribution coverage, future earnings, capital allocation
 as well as our expectations regarding market fundamentals
 and the employment of our vessels, including re-delivery dates
 and charter rates may be forward-looking statements as such as defined in Section 21E of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1943 as amended.
 Those forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the stated
 to the end of the day.
 forecasted results.
 to be materially different from those anticipated.
 Unless required by law, we expressly disclaim an obligation to update or revise any of those
 forward-looking statements
 Whether because of future events, new information, a change in our views or expectations to confirm
 to actual results or otherwise.
 We assume no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements.
 we make no predictions or statements about the performance of our common units.
 I would now like to hand over to your speaker today, Mr. Carlo Giratis.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Thank you, Ella, and thank you all for joining us today.
 As a reminder, we'll be referring to the supporting slides available on our website
 as we go through today's presentation.
 We're pleased to have announced last week the increase of the Partnerships Common Unit
 quarterly distribution by 50%.
 The distribution will be paid on February 10th to common unit holders of record on February 3rd.
 Our board has also set a new quarterly distribution guidance of 15 cents per common unit compared to 10 cents previously.
 Net income for the fourth quarter of 2021 was 40 million
 or $18.6 million excluding a $21.4 million gain from vessel sails
 compared with a net income of $7.3 million for the fourth quarter of 2020.
 Similarly, operating surplus for the quarter
 amounted to 37.9 million
 compared to 20.7 million for the fourth quarter of 2020.
 During the quarter, we also delivered the motor vessel Adonis to its new owners
 and acquired the remaining four LNG carriers
 thus completing our 6L&Z Carrier Acquisition Program.
 I would like to remind you that underpinning the acquisition
 of the three additional LMG carriers
 to those announced in August
 2021 was the issue and
 of 150 million euro
 or approximately
 hundred hundred
 hundred
 74 million dollars senior unsecured bond on the Athens Exchange in October 2021 with a fixed
 coupon of 2.6
 5% and the five-year tenor.
 After entering into cross-currency swaps for four years, the effective coupon of the bond in US dollars is approximately 3.7%.
 Turning to slide 3, revenues for the quarter were $63.6 million, an increase of 81% compared
 to $35.1 million during the fourth quarter of 2020.
 The increase in revenue was primarily attributable to the net increase in the average number
 of vessels in our fleet by 38%
 following the acquisition of the three Panamax containers in February 2021
 one, and the acquisition of the
 six LNGs during the second half of 2021,
 partly set off by the sale of our two 9,000 TU vessels
 in May and December 2021, respectively.
 Total expense for the quarter
 were 35.7 million
 compared to $24.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2020.
 mortgage expenses
 for the quarter
 increased to
 3.2 million compared to 1.9
 million in the fourth quarter of 2022
 excuse me of 2020
 primarily due to the increase in the average
 time.
 of our fleet.
 Total vessel operating expenses during the quarter amounted to 14.9 million
 compared to $10.3 million during the fourth quarter of 2020.
 again as a result of the net increase in the average size of our fleet.
 Total expenses for the fourth quarter also included vessel depreciation
 and amortization of 14.8 million
 compared to 10.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2020.
 The increase was mainly attributable to the net increase in the average size of our fleet.
 General administrative expenses for the quarter amounted to $2.7 million compared to $1.8 million in the fourth quarter of 2020.
 The increase in general administrative expenses was mainly attributable to fees and expenses
 incurred in connection to the acquisition of the four LNGs during the fourth quarter of
 2021 and the bond issue
 on the Athens Exchange.
 Interest expense and finance costs increased to $8.9 million from $3.4 million the fourth quarter of 2020 due to the increase in the partnership's total outstanding indebtedness, partly offset by the decrease in the LIBOR-weighted average interest rate compared to the fourth quarter of 2020.
 The partnership recorded a net income of $40 million for the quarter
 compared with a net income of $7.3 million for the fourth quarter of 2020.
 On slide four, you can see the details of our operating surplus calculations that determine
 the distributions to our unit holders compared to the previous quarter.
 surplus is a non-GAAP financial measure
 which is defined fully in our press release.
 We have generated approximately 37.9 million in cash from operations for the quarter before accounting for the capital reserve.
 We allocated 31 million to the capital reserve, an increase of 16.5 million compared to the
 previous quarter due to the increased data amortization resulting from the acquisition
 of four LNGs in the fourth quarter
 and the inclusion of the capital reserve of $8.5 million
 corresponding to an additional non-caste reserve
 that our board has decided to set aside
 in view of the bond
 that we issued
 in the fourth quarter of 2021.
 The additional reserve represents the amount that we would need to accumulate per quarter
 in order to repay the bond in full on maturity.
 After adjusting for the capital reserve, the adjusted operating surplus amounted to
 the cost of the capital reserve.
 On slide 5, you can see the details over balance sheet.
 As of the end of the fourth quarter, the partner's capital amounted to 525 million,
 an increase of 103 million compared to 422 million as of year-end.
 The increase reflects the net income for the full year 2021, 15.3 million representing
 the value
 of the
 1.1
 million
 common units issued as part of the consideration paid for the acquisition of the two LNG carriers
 and the amortization associated with the equity incentive plan,
 Partly offset by distributors declared unpaid during the period.
 in the total amount of 7.6 million
 and the repurchase of the partnerships
 common units for an aggregate amount of 4.5 million. Total debt increased by 938 million to 1.3
 billion compared to
 380 million as of year end
 2020.
 The increase is attributable to the assumption of 876 million of debt in connection with
 the acquisition of the six LMGCs,
 the incarnation of another 36 million of debt in connection with the acquisition of the three Panamax container vessels in February 2021,
 and the issuance of 150 million euro
 in senior unsecured bond on the Athens Exchange.
 The increase was partly upset by the sale of two 9,000 EUs and the debt repayment under
 the respective financing arrangements
 the total amount of 96.2 million
 and scheduled principal payments
 of 49.3 million during the period.
 Total cash, as of the end of the quarter, amounted to 31 million, including restricted cash of 10.6 million, which represents the minimum liquidity requirement under our financing arrangements.
 Turning to slide 6, during the fourth quarter of 2021, we took delivery of the remaining four LNG carriers,
 namely Viatalos, Asclepios, Adamarthos, and Aristides I,
 successfully completing the acquisition program of six high-specification, late-generation,
 two stroke
 XTF, Mark III Flex, LNG
 carriers
 with long-term employment in place, exceeding $1.2 billion in value.
 Specifically, the six ships were acquired at an average price of just short of $204 million
 and are under long-term time charters with BP,
 Senia and Angie
 with a weighted average remaining
 charted duration of 5.7 years
 and an average rate of approximately $70,000 per day.
 today.
 As the four LNGs were delivered towards the end of 2021,
 We expect to see the full impact on the partnerships financials in the first quarter of 2022
 with total operating days for the six vessels expected to amount to 540 days
 versus 321 days in the fourth quarter of 2021.
 On slide 7, you can see our debt repayment schedule through 2028.
 Effectively, we don't have any significant debt maturities until the end of 2026.
 The only significant near-term maturity is that of the HCOB syndicate facility, which
 matures at the end of 2023
 with a balloon payment of 73.5 million.
 I would like to highlight that presently the charter-free market value of the collateral fleet is about 10 times the value of the balloon payment.
 As a result, we not only expect this refinancing to be very straightforward, but also a potential
 level for additional liquidity.
 Now, moving to slide 8.
 The partnership's remaining charter duration amounts to approximately 4.9 years
 on the back of the six-vessel acquisition,
 while charter coverage remains high throughout the next four years,
 thus providing our unit holders with increased castle visibility.
 on slide 9
 you can see our contracted revenue on aggregate
 and on a per-year basis,
 as well as the contracted revenue contribution from each of our charters.
 Importantly, with the addition of the six LNG carriers, we have secured significant
 conditions.
 contract with revenue of close to $290 million for 2022 and 2023, while contract with revenue
 remains high until 2025 when certain of our container vessels roll off their charters
 if certain options are not exercised.
 We are also pleased that our charter portfolio consists of seven high-quality counterparties
 having diversified our customers' base
 with the addition of three investment-grade shutters,
 namely BP, Senior and Engie.
 BP represents our largest customer and accounts for about 40% of our contracted revenues.
 Turning to slide 10 and the LNG market update, the fourth quarter started with a common winter
 pattern of a very tight freight market
 with global LNG exports setting an all-time record during December,
 led primarily by U.S. exports.
 However, the inversion of the commodity price spread between Europe and the Far East led
 to a weaker spot market
 for LNG carriers
 towards the end of the quarter
 as the flow of cargos to Europe
 instead of the Far East,
 adversely affected
 ton-mile demand.
 Overall, demand fundamentals for LNG shipping remain robust, as liquefaction capacity is
 expect to grow by 8% and 7% in 2023 and 2024, respectively,
 with most of the additional new capacity being added in the U.S.
 In particular, about 75 metric tons per annum or MTPA of additional liquefaction capacity
 is expected to go online in the U.S. by the end of 2024, compared to 70 MTPA today.
 BLNG Fleet Order Books
 stands at 27% of the
 current fleet with
 30 new orders placed during the quarter, utilizing almost all available CPR LNG carrier slots up to mid-2025.
 As a result of the increased demand and the strong fundamentals of the LNG market, competition
 for belts from other segments such as the
 container market
 as well as inflationary pressures in raw materials and equipment,
 CPUs are continuing to increase new building prices with CPU codes currently in excess
 of 220 million per vessel for higher specification LNG carriers.
 increased LNG commodity prices and chartered preference for larger cargo sizes as the LNG
 the export market continues to expand,
 favors increasingly
 latest generation two-stroke LNG carriers, such as the vessels owned by CPLP.
 The rate differential in view of the increased cargo intake, lower effective boil-off and
 lower consumption in a world of
 a $25
 dollar LNG price per
 MMBTU has increased to $40,000 per day compared to a TFD vessel and $70,000 per day compared
 to a steamship
 for a U.S. to Europe roundtrip.
 At the same time, as we see increased focus on greenhouse emissions in shipping in general,
 and for LNG carriers in particular, including methane emissions,
 the preference for the latest generation vessels will become even more pronounced
 and as a result lead to an even greater earnings differential
 between latest generation LNG carriers and older vessels.
 On slide 11, we review the container market.
 Momentum remained very strong during the fourth quarter
 and into early 2022
 with freight and shutter rate surging
 to record highs.
 The Clarkson's Container Ship Chatter Rate Index stood at 362 points in December, up 280% since the beginning of 2021.
 also underscoring the strength of the market
 a 15-year-old standard 8,500 EU vessel was fixed recently for five years at $64,000 per day.
 Record charter rates have been driven by a range of factors, including strong demand,
 exceptional freight rates, severe logistical disruption, and the trend towards longer periods
 that has restricted to unavailability
 especially the larger sizes.
 Looking ahead, the outlook remains positive for 2022.
 Low new build deliveries at approximately 1 million TU for this year
 and vessels that have been fixed on medium-to-long-term period charters last year
 are expected to keep tonnage availability limited also in 2022.
 As such, demand growth is expected to outstrip supply growth
 for a second consecutive year.
 Overall demand growth is now expected at 3.8 percent for 2022, with supply growth forecast
 standing at 3.6%.
 In addition, the appearance of the highly contiguous
 Omicron variant has exerted
 and further pressure on logistical change worldwide, thus further restricting vessel supply.
 Nevertheless, the medium-to-long-term demand outlook remains more challenging due to the
 potential tapering of stimulus measures and easy monetary policy, resulting in increasingly
 more normalized consumer spending.
 if this coincides with an easing of the logistical bottlenecks
 which would release more capacity in the container market,
 we can potentially see a slowdown in terms of rate and shutter rates.
 that might be further adversely affected by increased new-build deliveries from 2023 onwards.
 On the order book front, after the massive surge of orders during the first three quarters of 2021,
 who have observed a noticeable slowdown in contracting during the fourth quarter.
 During the quarter, it is estimated that 56 container vessels were ordered,
 which compares to an average of 171 vessels during the first three quarters of the year.
 Overall, the container of vessel order books stood at 23% in mid-January, up just 0.4%
 from the third quarter of last year.
 here.
 Now moving to slide 12, we're very pleased that our board has announced an increased
 quarterly distribution by 50% to 15 cents per quarter for the fourth quarter of 2021
 and together set a new increased distribution guidance of 15 cents per quarter
 as a result of the addition of the six LNG carriers to the partnerships fleet
 and the expected
 associated increase
 in earnings and cash flow going forward.
 Overall, we tend to continue to return capital to our unit holders, as we have done every quarter since our IPO in April 2007.
 Over the last 15 years, the partnership has paid non-stop distributions
 for 58 consecutive quarters, corresponding to a total of approximately 960 million,
 including 819 million in cash distributions
 and 140 million in distributions in kind.
 Going forward, we expect to continue increasing our common unit distribution as we increase
 are distributable cash flow
 with new additions to our fleet.
 In addition, having the six LNG carrier acquisition program behind us
 that strained our liquidity during the third and fourth quarter of last year.
 we can now resume our unit buyback program, which we put in place early last year.
 As mentioned earlier, since the launching of the unit buyback program in February 2021,
 we have repurchased common units in the amount of 4.5 million.
 now turn to slide 13
 and in terms of future growth opportunities,
 There are a number of additional acquisitions that we are targeting in the short to medium term.
 In the short term, our primary focus will be the vessels for which we have a right to first offer.
 a right we obtained as part of the agreement
 for the acquisition of the six LNG carriers.
 This includes three 13,000 EU container vessels, with delivery from the third quarter of 2022 until May 2023,
 and which have a 10-year firm time charter in place,
 as well as three additional LNG carriers
 with delivery in 2023.
 V-Asterix-1 is the first LNG carrier to be delivered in January 2023
 and has secured time-shadow employment for a minimum of five years at a highly attractive rate.
 In addition to the above vessels, Capital Maritime has entered over the last few months
 into additional new bidding contracts
 for three more LNG carriers with delivery set for 2024.
 as these three additional MG vessels find deployment
 and subject to our ability to acquire these specials,
 CPLP can potentially become one of the very few companies
 that control a fleet of 12 brand-new, latest-generation LNG carriers
 with a unique portfolio of charters.
 As explained earlier, we anticipate that two-stroke late-generation LNG carriers,
 like the vessels we already own
 and these potential drop-down candidates will benefit greatly
 from the LNG market fundamentals ahead.
 The total market value of the six LNG carriers and the three 13,000 DU containers
 approximately 1.7 billion
 that's giving us a strong growth pipeline for 2022 and beyond.
 And as we continue to grow the partnership's asset base and distributable cash flow, we
 We will also seek to increase the amount we pay out to unit holders in the form of common
 unit distributions
 and unit
 buybacks
 thus executing our steady strategy of continuing to grow the partnership's asset base
 and at the same time returning capital to our UN holders.
 And with that, I'm happy to answer any questions you may have.
 have. Thank you ladies
 Ladies and gentlemen, we'll now begin the question and answer session.
 if you'd like to ask a question
 please press star and one on your telephone
 and wait for the automated message stating your line is open.
 Once again, it's a star and one.
 if you'd like to ask a question.
 And your first question is from Liam Burke of B-Reilly.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you. Hi, Jerry. How are you?
 Hi, Leanne. I'm well. How are you?
 Liam Burke, B. Riley.
 Hi, Jerry.
 How are you, Don?
 Liam, I'm very well. How are you? Can you hear me well?
 I can hear you just fine.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 with this predictable cash flow
 on the fleet you have
 in place
 you should be generating
 excess cash above your normal
 debt repayment
 and your
 unit payouts
 you talked about
 repurchasing
 some units
 opportunistically
 Do you balance that against possibly accelerating your debt reduction?
 I think given the long-term employment we have in place
 and the associated cash flows, as well as the fact that some of our existing debt amortizes
 faster
 the first few years
 especially those that are associated with the loan facilities that are associated with the BP SIPs,
 given the structure of the Charter.
 I think
 we are quite well placed in terms of debt repayment.
 in addition
 if you look at our
 Overall, LTV, despite the...
 despite
 does incurring
 quite a bit of additional debt
 in order to acquire the six LNGs.
 Our gross leverage is still on the back of current charter-free values at approximately
 46%, which is quite
 reasonable
 so
 So in view of the accelerated debt repayment that we have in place, in any case, for the
 next
 2-3 years
 as well as overall
 uh
 I am
 leverage and
 long-term
 employment and cash flows
 that we have in place
 I don't think we will be funneling additional cash towards debt repayments.
 Okay, great.
 And your drop-down opportunities, you have a mix of LNG carriers and container vessels.
 Russian in the 23 to 25 time frame of new container vessels coming online, obviously
 in the larger class.
 But if I look at what you have, potential container carrier drop-down opportunities,
 Those have nice long-term contracts associated with it.
 Are you biased one way or the other towards the LNG or container vessels in terms of what
 you'd prioritize on a drop-down.
 a couple of things
 Firstly, I agree with you, especially with very lofty container prices
 compared to historical averages.
 one has to make sure that
 the
 employment that is in place
 in any potential acquisition,
 especially when it comes to a conservative business model like ours,
 you write down those vessels very close to what is historically an acceptable residual.
 so having the 10 year charter in place
 plus options of course
 for these LNG carriers
 and of course
 this will also depend on the negotiated sale price,
 will give us a lot of comfort with regard
 to that.
 so we are
 not really taking a band
 on the current container market.
 it.
 Now, secondly, with regard to, let's say, the focus in terms of drop-downs, it's obviously
 what would qualify
 really for us are the
 the 313,000 EU container ships
 and the LNG that has been fixed
 the rest
 I think
 we'll have to wait until there is
 employment in place. Otherwise, it is simply too speculative. We estimate that in very broad terms
 that these vessels
 will require equity
 of anywhere between $140 to $160 million
 dollars and could generate
 an EBITDA of approximately
 60 million dollars.
 So the question is, as you say, what can and what will you do out of those?
 subject
 to
 reaching a potential agreement
 on the acquisition of the SIBs,
 for the financing
 we have numerous
 numerous levers at our disposal.
 Firstly, as you pointed out earlier on, our free cash flow generation is expected to increase
 materially going forward
 as we have the full impact of the six LNG carriers
 and that would be from the first quarter of 2022.
 Secondly, as I pointed out in my prepared remarks, there is some additional liquidity
 that we can source by refinancing
 et cetera, of accredited facilities, which have ample room of the relatively small debt
 The balance is outstanding.
 and thirdly I think we will continue
 to look for attractive external capital.
 You know, sources could be the preferred equity market, the fixed income market that
 we successfully
 tapped
 last year
 and
 this
 sources could complement
 on internally generated cash flows
 and potentially try to execute on all these four ships.
 But I think that will very much depend on what access we have
 in terms of external capital.
 So, again, like last time, the priority is to avoid any issuance of comments.
 so this is
 this is
 in view of the
 value dislocation
 this is something that
 we will not entertain
 in the last
 uh
 acquisition of the
 six LNG carriers, despite the huge program,
 we only issued $15 million of equity.
 and I think it shows
 that this is the very last tool
 that we want to be using
 given the
 biodislocation
 So I think it will very much depend
 on whether there will be external sources of
 capital, but if we
 can. Ideally, we would like to continue
 growing on both sides
 that is
 both the containers and the LNG front.
 I should
 I should add here that
 one of the
 main criteria going forward
 is that we are committing to buying only
 modern eco-vessels
 that are compliant with the latest regulations,
 So EDI phase 3 compliant, that is very important.
 and so we will not be looking at all their vessels.
 We believe that the residual risk of older vessels is not properly priced in
 and in part distorted by the very lofty container market.
 but the hidden CAPEX for many of the older vessels
 and the potential for even more punitive regulations after 2027 is quite significant.
 So we are committing to acquiring only modern, latest regulations compliant vessels, eco-vessels,
 and potentially, if we find good opportunities,
 divesting from older assets.
 Thank you, Jerry.
 Thanks, Leon.
 Thank you.
 question is from the line of
 around the givens of Jeffries.
 Please go ahead.
 Hey, Landy.
 Howdy Jerry, how's it going?
 I'm very well. How are you?
 Oh, doing well, doing well.
 So, two questions.
 All right, first on your fleet.
 So you have 100% charter coverage for the next two years outside of two vessels.
 So let's discuss those
 First, for the Cape Agamemnon, what's the current employment of that vessel,
 and when can, or maybe will, you look to sell that.
 So, the Cape Agamemnon has earned, on average, around $22,000 in 2021.
 Its earnings are similar year-to-date.
 We continue to consider this vessel as a non-core asset,
 but we are very opportunistic about it
 We had discussion to sell the vessel in the summer.
 since then
 values have become softer
 and, more importantly, liquidity in the market,
 especially for Cape-sized vessels,
 has somehow receded, but we
 are monitoring this market and if we find a good opportunity, we'll sell. Now, if a great
 opportunity arises and
 you know, for a 6-12 month charter
 we might take it, but it doesn't change the view that this is not a non-core asset.
 Okay.
 and then
 Let's look at the Academos.
 I believe that one's on charter through September of this year.
 is there any kind of option
 for the charterer to extend
 that vessel or that container
 shift charter and if not
 I would assume
 you're already getting offers, right, for new longer-term charters on that vessel.
 so let's see
 updates on that.
 So, on the Academos, the charters hold an option to extend the charter, which at its
 latest point if the option is
 exercise can
 take us to April
 2023
 However, I should say that this is one of the most efficient vessels out there
 with very high refer capacity.
 so
 less than 10 sips of this size
 are expected to open up
 between now and its earliest delivery.
 so we should be in a good place
 And none of them have the refer intake that the Academos has.
 Also, this being very fuel-efficient and with the momentum on reducing the carbon footprint of logistical chains,
 this vessel should be
 very well sought after. In my prepared
 remarks, I mentioned that an 8,500 EU, so a much less efficient vessel with a lower
 for intake was fixed for five years around
 $65,000 and that was
 for delivery
 in one, two quarters from now.
 So I assume that we should be able to fix forward if the market holds something along
 of these levels potentially higher.
 Of course, like last time, if an offer comes to sell the vessel that we cannot refuse,
 we will entertain as well.
 So I think we're very well-placed.
 We have a fantastic asset for this market.
 it's as you say
 an active market
 and we'll try to maximize
 returns beta through the
 through
 a charter
 which is what
 we are aiming for
 or a sale
 if this is
 um
 great value
 Okay, no, it's all fair.
 a good deal
 Some other ones are fine.
 But one more on capital allocation.
 just curious how you maybe decided
 or the board decided on the distribution increase
 to $0.15 per quarter instead of maybe a higher number.
 and then with that
 should we expect additional
 increases in the near term
 or is this basically an annual step up?
 And then lastly, how do you view unit purchases relative to increasing distributions at these levels?
 So let me start with the last question.
 what we're taking
 returning
 capital unit holders
 I think it's
 we're thinking of both
 And we see them, in a way, as an aggregate of the money spent.
 So, in terms of the unit buybacks, we did about 4.5 million last year.
 We stopped very early in Q4 because we had to make sure we managed our liquidity.
 now that the liquidity is building up again
 we can start
 spending again
 You know, overall, last year we spent somewhere between a quarter of our free cash flow
 in returning capital to unit holders,
 either through buybacks or quarterly distributions.
 I think going forward
 we are going to target a similar range
 anywhere between a fifth to 25%
 and
 as let's say our
 Distributable cash flow increases with new additions.
 We will be revisiting the distribution as the additions come in and in view of the wider
 growth plans and liquidity needs.
 So I think for the moment this is it.
 But if, let's say, we deliver on more growth down the line,
 this is not far off
 I mean, we talked about
 potential acquisitions in
 Q3, Q4 this year.
 we will again re-examine the distribution as well as the unit buybacks
 in view of the impact of the new additions.
 so I think that's more or less
 how we're thinking about it.
 We have been also very clear with regard to the strategy.
 this is
 We want and we will continue to return capital to unit holders,
 but this will be a combination with growing our asset base
 and distributable cash flow.
 So I think we have done quite well so far, and we have delivered both significant value
 in terms of N.A.V. and
 total returns
 for unit holders, and we will continue along these lines.
 Well, yeah, it's great.
 you know
 We increased the price target recently, and you're almost there.
 so keep up the great work
 Great. Thank you, Randy.
 Thank you.
 and no further questions.
 May I hand a call back to Mr. Carlo Giratis for any closing remarks?
 you all for joining us today
 That concludes the presentation.
 Thank you for participating.
 you may disconnect.
 Thank you.