 Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Capital Product Partners Fort Quarcher 2021
 of his old conference call.
 We have with us Mr. Jerry Calo-Giracius.
 chief executive officer of the company. At this time all participants are in a
 There will be a presentation followed by a question and answer session, at which time
 If you wish to ask a question, please press star one on your telephone keypad and wait
 for the automated message advising you, line is open.
 I must advise you, this conference is being recorded today.
 The statements in today's conference call that are not historical facts, including our
 expectations regarding cost generation, equity returns and future death levels, our ability
 to pursue growth opportunities, our expectations, or objectives regarding future distribution
 amounts, capital reserves amounts, distribution coverage, future earnings, capital allocation
 as well as our expectations regarding market fundamentals and the employment of our vessels
 including re-delivery dates and charter rates,
 May be forward looking statements as such as defined in section 21e of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1943 as amended.
 Those forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the stated
 or forecasted results to be materially different from those anticipated, unless required by
 Hello, we expressly disclaim an obligation to update or revise any of those forward-looking
 statements, whether because of future events, new information, a change in our views or
 expectations to conform to actual results or otherwise.
 We assume no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the forward-looking statements.
 We'll make no predictions or statements about the performance of our common units.
 I would now like to hand over to your speaker today, Mr. Carlo Girattus, please go ahead, sir.
 Thank you, Ella, and thank you all for joining us today.
 As a reminder, we'll be referring to the supporting slides available on our website as we go through today's presentation.
 We are pleased to have announced last week the increase of the Partnerships Common Unit
 quarterly distribution by 50%. The distribution will be paid on February 10th to common unit
 holders of records on February 3rd. Our board has also set a new quarterly distribution
 guidance of 15 cents per common unit compared to 10 cents previously.
 Net income for the fourth quarter of 2021 was 40 million or 18.6 million excluding a
 21.4 million gain from vessel sales compared with an income of 7.3 million for the fourth
 quarter of 2020. Similarly, operating surplus for the quarter amounted to 37.9 million compared
 to 20.7 million for the fourth quarter of 2020.
 During the quarter we also delivered the motor vessel Adonis to its new owners and acquired
 the remaining four LNG carriers.
 thus completing our CXL and Z-Carrier Acquisition Program.
 I would like to remind you that underpinning the acquisition of the three additional LMG
 carriers to those announced in August 2021, was the issuance of €150 million or approximately
 174 million dollars senior unsecured bond on the Athens exchange in October 2021 with
 the fixed coupon of 2.65% and the five-year tenure.
 After entering into cross-carriage swaps for four years, the effective coupon of the
 in U.S. dollars is approximately 3.7 percent. Turning to slide 3, revenues for the quarter
 were 63.6 million, an increase of 81% compared to 35.1 million during the fourth quarter
 of 2020.
 The increase in revenue was primarily attributable to the net increase in the average number
 of vessels in our fleet by 38% following the acquisition of the three Panamax containers
 in February 2021, and the acquisition of the six LNGs during the second half of 2021 partly
 set off by the sale of our two 9000 TU vessels in May and December 2021 respectively.
 expense for the quarter were 35.7 million compared to 24.6 million the fourth quarter
 of 2020.
 Voyage expenses for the quarter increased to 3.2 million compared to 1.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2022,
 excuse me, of 2020, primarily due to the increase in the average size of our fleet.
 Total vessel operating expenses during the quarter amounted to 14.9 million compared to 10.3 million during the fourth quarter of 2020.
 Again, as a result of the net increase in the average size of our fleet.
 Total expenses for the fourth quarter also included vessel depreciation and amortization
 of 14.8 million compared to 10.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2020.
 The increase was mainly attributable to the net increase in the average size of our fleet.
 General administrative expenses for the quarter amounted to 2.7 million compared to 1.8 million
 in the fourth quarter of 2020.
 The increase in general administrative expenses was mainly attributable to fees and expenses
 is incurred in connection to the acquisition of the four LNGs during the fourth quarter
 of 2021 and the bond issue on the Athens exchange.
 Interest expense and finance costs increased to 8.9 million from 3.4 million in the fourth
 court of 2020 due to the increase in the partnership's total outstanding indebtedness, partly upset
 by the decrease in the live or weighted average interest rate compared to the fourth quarter
 of 2020.
 The partnership recorded net income of 40 million for the quarter compared with the net income of 7.3 million for the fourth quarter of 2020.
 On slide 4, you can see the details of our operating surface calculations that determine
 the distribution to our unit holders compared to the previous quarter.
 surplus is a non-gap financial measure which is defined fully in our press release.
 We have generated approximately 37.9 million in cash from operations for the quarter before
 accounting for the capital reserve. We allocated 31 million to the capital reserve and increased
 of 16.5 million compared to the previous quarter due to the increased de-demotization resulting
 from the acquisition of Ford LNGs in the fourth quarter and the inclusion of the Capital Reserve
 of 8.5 million corresponding to an additional non-cash reserve that our board has decided
 to set aside in view of the bond that we issued in the fourth quarter of 2021.
 The additional reserve represents the amount that we would need to accumulate per quarter
 in order to repay the bond in full maturity.
 After adjusting for the capital reserve, the adjusted operating surplus amounted to
 On slide 5, you can see the details of our balance sheet, as of the end of the fourth
 quarter the partners capital amounted to five hundred twenty five million and
 an increase of 103 million compared to 422 million as of year end.
 increase of net income for the full year 2021, 15.3 million representing the value of the
 the 1.1 million common units issued as part of the consideration paid for the acquisition
 of the two LNG carriers, and the amount of work that they have done in the last few years
 and the amortization associated with IAC with the incentive plan.
 Partly offset by distributions declared and paid during the period, the total amount of
 of 7.6 million, and the repurchase of the partnership's common units for an aggregate
 amount of 4.5 million.
 total debt increased by $938 million to $1.3 billion compared to $380 million as of
 year in 2020.
 The increase is attributable to the assumption of 876 million of debt in connection with
 the acquisition of the six LNGCs,
 The inheritance of another 36 million of debt in connection with the acquisition of the
 the three Panomax container vessels in February 2021.
 and the issuance of €150 million in senior unsecured bonds on the Athens exchange.
 increase was partly upset by the sale of two 9000 DUs and the debt repayment under the
 irrespective of financing arrangements, the total amount of 96.2 million and scheduled
 principal payments of 49.3 million during the period.
 Total cash as of the end of the quarter amounted to 31 million including received cash of 10.6 million
 which represents the minimum liquidity requirement under our financing arrangements.
 Turning to slide 6, during the 4th quarter of 2021, we took delivery of the remaining
 four LNG carriers, namely the Atalos, Asclepios, Adama and Sanderisti, this one, successfully
 completing the acquisition program of six high specification, latest generation, two stroke,
 the F Mark III flex LNG carriers with long term employment in place exceeding 1.2 billion
 in value.
 Specifically, the six ships were acquired at an average price of just short of 204 million
 and under long term time shutters with BP, Senia and ENGIE, with the weighted average remaining
 started duration of 5.7 years and the number is the rate of approximately $70,000 per day.
 As the four LNGs were delivered towards the end of 2021, we expect to see the full impact
 on the partnership's financials in the first quarter of 2022, with total operating days
 for the six vessels expected to amount to 540 days versus 321 days in the fourth quarter
 of 2021.
 On slide 7, you can see our debt repayment schedule through 2028.
 Effectively, we don't have any significant debt maturities until the end of 2026.
 The only significant near-term maturity is that of the HCOB Syndicate Facility, which
 matures at the end of 2023 with a balloon payment of 73.5 million.
 I would like to highlight that presently the charter free market value of the collateral
 is about 10 times the value of the balloon payment.
 As a result, we not only expect this refinancing to be very straightforward, but also potential
 lever for additional liquidity.
 Now moving to slide eight, the partnership's remaining charter duration amounts to approximately
 4.9 years on the back of the six vessel acquisition, while charter coverance remains high throughout
 up in the next four years.
 as providing our unit holders with increased casual visibility.
 On slide 9, you can see our contracted revenue on aggregate and on a per year basis, as well
 as the contracted revenue contribution from each of our chapters. Importantly, with the
 addition of the 6 LNG carriers. We have secured significant contracted revenue of close to
 $290 million for 2022 and 2023, while contract revenue remains high until 2025, when certain
 of our container vessels role of their charters if certain options are not exercised.
 We are also pleased that our charter portfolio consists of seven high-quality counterparties
 having diversified their customers base with the addition of three investment-grade charters,
 Namely, BP, Senior Andenji.
 BP represents our largest customer and accounts for about 40% of our contracted revenues.
 turning to slide 10 and the LNG market update. The fourth quarter started with a common winter
 pattern of a very tight freight market, with global LNG exports setting an all-time record
 during December, led primarily by U.S. exports.
 However, the inversion of the commodity price spread between Europe and the Far East led
 to weaker spot market for LNG carriers, towards the end of the quarter, as the flow of cargo
 to Europe instead of the Far East adversely affected to a mild demand.
 Overall, demand fundamentals for LNG seeping remain robust as liquefaction capacity is
 expect to grow by 8% and 7% in 2023 and 2024 respectively, with most of the additional
 new capacity being added in the U.S., in particular about 75 metric tons per annum or MTPA of
 additional liquefaction capacity is expected to go online in the U.S. by the end of 2024,
 compared to 70 MTPA today.
 The LNG fleet order book stands at 27% of the current fleet, with 13 new orders placed
 during the quarter, utilizing almost all available CBRT LNG carrier slots up to mid-2025.
 As a result of the increased demand and the strong fundamentals of the LNG market, competition
 for belts from other segments, such as the container market, as well as inflationary
 pressures in raw materials and equipment, CPS are continuing to increase new building
 prices with severe quotes currently in excess of 220 million per vessel for higher specification
 LNG careers.
 the increased LNG commodity prices and charter's preference for larger cargo sizes as the LNG
 the expert market continues to expand.
 favours increasingly latest generation to stroke LNG carriers such as the vessels owned
 by CPLP.
 Great differential in view of increased cargo intake, lower effective boil off and lower
 consumption in a world of a $25 LNG price per MMBDU has increased to $40,000 per day
 compared to a TFD vessel and $70,000 per day compared to a steamship for a US to Euroground
 At the same time, as we see increased focus on greenhouse emissions and sipping in general,
 and for LNG carriers in particular, including methane emissions, the preference for the
 The latest generation vessels will become even more pronounced, and as a result lead
 to an even greater earnings differential
 between the latest generation LNG carriers and older vessels.
 On slide 11, we review the container markets.
 Momentum remained very strong during the 4th quarter and into early 2022, with rate and
 Saturday it's surging to record highs.
 the Clarksons Container Ship Chatter Rate Index to the 362 points in December, up 280
 sense is the beginning of 2021 also underscoring the strength of the market
 The 15-year-old standard 8500 DU vessel was fixed recently for five years at $64,000 per day.
 Record charter rates have been driven by a range of factors including strong demand,
 exceptional freight rates, severe logistical disruption, and the trend towards longer periods
 that has restricted the availability, especially the larger sizes.
 Looking ahead, the outflow remains positive for 2022.
 low new build deliveries at approximately 1 million T.U. for this year and vessels that
 have been fixed on medium to long term period charters last year are expected to keep donuts
 Availability Limited also in 2022.
 As such, demand growth is expected to outstrip supply growth for a second consecutive year.
 Overall demand growth is now expected at 3.8% for 2022, with supply growth forecast standing
 and 3.6%.
 In addition, the appearance of the highly contagious Omicron variant has exerted further
 pressure on logistical chains worldwide, thus further restricting vessel supply.
 Nevertheless, the medium to long-term demand outlook remains more challenging due to the
 potential tapering of stimulus measures and easy monetary policy.
 resulting in increasingly more normalized consumer spending.
 If this coincides with an easing of a logistical bottleneck which would release more capacity
 in the container market, we can potentially see a slowdown in terms of rate and saturates
 that might be further adversely affected by increased new build deliveries from 2023 onwards.
 On the order book front, after the massive surge of orders, you in the first three quarters of 2021,
 who have observed a noticeable slowdown in contracting during the fourth quarter.
 During the quarter it is estimated that 56 container vessels were ordered which compares to an average of
 of 171 vessels during the first three quarters of the year.
 Overall, the container vessel order books stood at 23% in mid-January, up just 0.4% from
 on the third quarter of last year.
 And now moving to slide 12, we're very pleased that our board has announced an increased
 quarter distribution by 50% to 15 cents per quarter for the fourth quarter of 2021 and
 together set a new increased distribution guidance of 15 cents per quarter as a result
 of the addition of the six LNG carriers to the partnerships fleet and the expected associated
 increase in earnings and cash flow going forward.
 Overall, we tend to continue to return capital to our unit holders, as we have done every
 quarter since our IPO in April 2007.
 Over the last 15 years, the partnership has paid
 non-stop distributions for 58 consecutive quarters, corresponding to a total of approximately
 960 million, including 819 million in cash distributions and 140 million in distributions
 in kind.
 Going forward, we expect to continue increasing our common unit distribution as we increase
 This is our Distributable Casplo with new additions to our fleet.
 In addition, having the 6LNG Carrier Acquisition Program behind us, that strained our liquidity
 during the third and fourth quarters last year,
 We can now resume our unit buyback program, which we put in place early last year.
 As mentioned earlier, since the launch of the unit buyback program in February 2021,
 We have repurchased common units in the amount of 4.5 million.
 Now, turning to slide 13, and in terms of future growth opportunities, there are a number
 of additional acquisitions that we are targeting in the short to medium term.
 In the short term, our primary focus will be the vessels for which we have a right to
 first offer.
 A right we obtained as part of the agreement for the acquisition of the six LNG carriers.
 This includes three 13,000 U-container vessels
 with delivery from the third quarter of 2022 until May 2023, and which have a 10-year firm
 time-chartered in place, as well as three additional LNG carriers
 with delivery in 2023.
 The Asterix-1 is the first LNG carrier to be delivered in January 2023, and has secured
 timeshift employment for a minimum of five years at a highly attractive rate.
 In addition to the above vessels, Captain Maritime has entered over the last few months
 into additional unbidding contracts for three more LNG carriers
 delivery set for 2024. As these three additional MG vessels find deployment and subject to
 your ability to acquire these vessels, CPLP can potentially become one of the very few
 companies that control the fleet of 12 brand new latest generation LMG carriers with a
 a unique portfolio of charters.
 As explained earlier, we anticipate that two stroke,
 The latest generation LNG carriers, like the vessels we already own, and this potential
 drop-down candidates will benefit greatly from the LNG market fundamentals ahead.
 The total market value of the 6LNG carriers and the 313,000 Ucontainers, approximately
 1.7 billion thus giving us a strong growth pipeline for 2022 and beyond and as we continue
 to grow the partnership's asset base and the distributable cash flow, we will also seek
 to increase the amount we pay out to unit holders in the form of common unit distributions
 and unit buybacks, thus executing our safety strategy of continuing to grow the partnership
 asset base, but at the same time returning capital to our own holders.
 And with that, I'm happy to answer any questions you may have.
 Thank you ladies and gentlemen. We'll now begin the question and answer session. If you'd like to ask a question
 Please press star and one on your telephone and wait for the automated message stating your line is open.
 Once again, it is star and one if you like to ask a question and your first question is from Liam Burke of beer. Ily
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Hi, Jerry.
 I'll see you.
 How are you?
 Liam Burke, Beryli.
 Hi Jerry, how are you doing?
 Liam, I'm very well. How are you? Can you hear me well?
 I can hear you just fine, thank you.
 Okay.
 With this predictable cash flow on the fleet you have in place, you should be generating
 excess cash above your normal debt repayment and your unit payouts.
 You talked about repurchasing some units opportunistically, do you balance that against
 possibly accelerating your debt reduction.
 I think given the long term employment we have in place and the associated cast flows
 as well as the fact that some of our existing debt amortizes faster over the first few years,
 especially those that are associated with the loan facilities that are associated with
 the BPCIPS given the structure of the charter.
 I think we are quite well placed in terms of debt repayment.
 In addition, if you look at our overall LTV, despite us incurring quite a bit of additional
 debt in order to acquire the six challenges. Our gross leverage is still on the back of
 of current sort of free values at approximately 46%, which is quite reasonable.
 So in view of the accelerated debt repayment that we have in place in any case for the
 next two or three years, as well as overall leverage and long-term employment and cash
 close that we have in place, I don't think we will be funneling an additional cast towards
 that repayments.
 Okay, great.
 and your drop-down opportunities, you have a mix of LNG carriers and container vessels.
 There is some caution in the 23-25 time frame of new container vessels coming online, obviously
 in the larger class, but if I look at what you have potential
 a container carrier drop-down opportunities.
 Those have nice long term contracts associated with it.
 Are you biased one way or the other towards the LNG or container vessels in terms of what
 that you'd prioritized on a drop-down?
 A couple of things. Firstly, I agree with you, especially with very lofty container prices
 compared to historical averages.
 one has to make sure that uh...
 the
 employment that is in place in any potential acquisition, especially when it comes to a
 conservative business model like ours, you write down those vessels very close to a wild
 is a historically unacceptable residual.
 So having the 10 years are in place plus options of course for these LNG carriers and of course
 This will also depend on the negotiated sale price.
 will give us a lot of comfort with regard to that.
 So we are not really taking a band on the current container market.
 Now, secondly, with regard to, let's say, the focus in terms of drop-downs, it's obviously
 What would qualify really for us are the 313,000 U-containerships and the LNG that has been
 fixed. The rest, I think, will have to wait until there is employment in place, otherwise
 it is simply too speculative.
 We estimate that in very broad terms, that these vessels will require equity of anywhere
 between 140 to 160 million dollars and could generate an EBITDA of approximately 60 million
 dollars. So the question is, as you say, what can and what will you do out of those. Subject
 to reaching a potential agreement on the acquisition of the SIPs.
 The financing, we have numerous levels at our disposal.
 Firstly, as you pointed out earlier on, our free cash flow generation is expected to
 increase materially going forward as we have the full impact of the six LNG carriers and
 That would be from the first quarter of 2022.
 Secondly, as I pointed out in my prepared remarks,
 there is some additional liquidity
 that we can source by refinancing, et cetera,
 credit facilities, which have ample of room, a view of the relatively small debt balance
 is outstanding.
 And thirdly, I think we will continue to look for attractive external capital, you know,
 sources could be the preferred equity market, the fixed income market that we successfully
 that last year.
 And these sources could complement our internal-generated casplows
 I'd potentially try to execute on all these four ships, but I think that will very much
 depend on what access we have in terms of external capital.
 Again, like last time, the priority is to avoid any issuance of common, so this is in
 view of the value dislocation, this is something that we will not entertain in the last acquisition
 of the six LNG carriers, despite the huge program.
 We only issued $15 million of equity.
 And I think it shows that this is the very last tool
 that we want to be using, given the value dislocation.
 So I think it will very much depend on whether there will be external sources of capital.
 But if we can, ideally we would like to continue growing on both sides, that is, both containers
 and the LNG front.
 I should add here that one of the main criteria going forward is that we are committing to
 buying only modern eco vessels that are compliant with the latest regulations, so EDI phase 3
 that is very important so we will not be looking at older vessels.
 We believe that the residual risk of older vessels is not properly priced in, and it
 part distorted by the very lofty container market, but the hidden capex for many of the
 the older vessels and the potential for even more punitive regulations after 2027 is quite
 significant.
 So we are committing to acquiring only modern, latest regulations, compliant vessels, eco
 vessels and potentially if we find good opportunities divesting from older assets.
 Great. Thank you, Jerry.
 Thanks, Liam.
 Thank you.
 Your next question is from the line of around the givens of death rates.
 Please go ahead.
 Hey, Andy.
 Uh, the Jerry, how's it going?
 How's it going, Will? How are you?
 Oh, doing well, doing well.
 Two questions.
 All right, first on your fleet.
 So you have 100% charter coverage for the next two years outside of two vessels.
 So let's discuss those.
 First, for the CAPE Agamemnon.
 What's the current employment of that vessel?
 and when you can or maybe will
 uh... you have to tell that
 So, the Cape Agamemno has earned on average around $22,000 in 2021.
 It's earnings are similar year to date.
 We are we continue to consider this vessel as a known core asset, but we are very opportunistic about it
 We had discussion to sell the vessel in the summer.
 Since then, values have become softer and more importantly, liquidity in the market,
 especially for Cape size vessels has somehow receded, but we are monitoring this this market and
 And if we find a good opportunity, we'll sell.
 Now if a great opportunity arises and you know for a 6-12 months after we might take
 it, but it doesn't change the view that this is not a non-corrosion.
 Okay.
 And then let's look at the academos.
 I believe that one's gone chartered through September of this year.
 Is there any kind of option for the charterer to extend that vessel or that container ship
 charter, and if not, I would assume you're already getting offers, right, for a new longer
 the term charters on that vessel.
 So what's the updates on that?
 So on the ACADEMOS, the charters hold an option to extend the charter, which at its
 latest point, if the option is exercised, it can take us to April 2023.
 However, I should say that this is one of the most efficient vessels out there with very
 high river capacity.
 So, less than 10 sips of this size are expected to open up between now and it's earliest
 delivering so we should be in a good place and none of them have the
 refer intake that the Academos has, also this being very fuel efficient and with the momentum
 on reducing the carbon footprint of logistical chains, this process should be very well sought
 But after, in my prepared remarks, I mentioned that an 8,500 DU, so a much less efficient
 vessel with a lower river intake was fixed for five years around $65,000 and that was
 for delivery in one, two quarters from now.
 So I assume that we should be able to fix forward the market holds something along this
 levels potentially higher.
 Of course, like last time, if an offer comes to sell the vessel that we cannot refuse,
 that we will entertain as well.
 So, I think we are very well placed, we have a fantastic asset for this market, it's as
 As you say, an active market.
 it, and we'll try to maximize returns a bit through the charter, which is what we are
 aiming for or a sale if this is great value.
 Yeah, no, it's all fair.
 Good deal, I'll take some other ones, I'll find.
 But one more on capital allocation.
 Just curious how you maybe decided with the board,
 decided on the distribution increase to 15 cents per quarter instead of maybe a higher
 number.
 And then with that, should we expect additional increases in the near term, or is this basically
 an annual step up. And then lastly, how do you view unit purchases relative to increasing
 distributions at these levels.
 So let me start with the last question.
 What we're thinking, returning capital unit holders, I think we're thinking of both, and
 We see them, in a way, as an aggregate of the money spent.
 So in terms of the unit buybacks, we did about 4.5 million last year.
 We stopped very early in Q4 because we had to make sure we managed our liquidity now that
 the liquidity is building up again. We can start spending again. You know, overall last
 Last year we spent somewhere between a quarter of our free cash flow in returning capital
 to unit holders, either through buybacks or quarterly distributions.
 I think going forward we are going to target the similar range anywhere between a fifth
 25% and as let's say our distributable cash flow increases with new additions we will
 be revisiting the distribution as the additions come in and in view of the wider growth plans
 and liquidity needs.
 So, I think for the moment, this is it.
 But if, let's say, we deliver on more growth down the line,
 this is not far off, I mean we talked about potential acquisitions in Q3, Q4 this year,
 We will again re-examine the distribution as well as the unit buybacks in view of the
 impact of the new additions so I think that's that's more or less how we're
 thinking about it. We have been also very clear with regard to the strategy. This is
 We want and we will continue to return capital to U.N. holders, but this will be a combination
 with growing our asset base and disability cash flow. I think we have done quite well
 so far, and we have delivered both significant value in terms of an EV and total returns
 for our unit holders.
 And we will continue along these lines.
 Well, yeah, it's great. You know, we increased the pie target recently and you're almost there. So keep up the great work
 Great, thank you, Randy.
 Thank you
 There are no further questions. May I have the call back to Mr. Karlogi Ratis for the closing remarks?
 Thank you all for joining us today.
 That concludes the presentation. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect.