 Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Pilbara Minerals, December 2021, quarterly
 investor conference call and webcast.
 All participants are in a listen-only mode.
 There will be a presentation followed by a question and answer session.
 If you wish to ask a question via the phone, you will need to press the star key followed
 by the number one
 on your telephone keypad.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ken Brinson, Managing Director and CEO.
 Please go ahead.
 And welcome to everybody joining on the call and welcome to those who are participating
 by the webcast officially
 those
 Oh, shit.
 all of us
 that have
 tied in the
 I'll join in.
 much appreciated
 here in the
 fat, silver, mineral set open.
 I'm joined by
 and dialed
 Anderson, Chief Operating Officer, and Brian Lynn, Chief Financial Officer, both of whom
 you'll hear from during the call
 Also in the office here with us, Alex Eastwood, Chief Commercial Officer, General Counsel and David Hamm, our Investor Relations Specialist.
 Thanks to everyone for joining.
 Well, the backdrop to the quarterly call is one of strong demands, accelerating
 for us and
 In part, silver and minerals responding, albeit with some production challenges,
 evidence and especially during the December quarter.
 We've been continuing to work on the acceleration of Kilgangora production
 and a very, very busy quarter as we started production at the Nuggerju plant,
 that is just to remind you
 the former
 health care of facilities.
 and we brought on the Pilgan Plant Improvements Project,
 which is
 he's complete
 and now fully tied in, and we continue to ramp up the production at the Pilgrim plant.
 In support of all that, a lot more site activity, and that includes relatively significant growth
 in mining volumes, which you can see in the production tables within the quarterly, although
 We support production growth both in the short and the medium term.
 So you want more products.
 you can see that with respect to
 pricing. Pricing is quite incredible and that's
 something that all
 come back to talk to in
 in more detail during our commentary.
 Yeah, incredible results on our BMX platform with respect to spot sales.
 very, very strong
 Christ in especially
 in time, which is
 just a
 minding everyone is the world's largest within raw materials market, and that's now spreading
 to international markets with pricing hitting record highs virtually every week and that's
 translating very well to spodumene, which is part of what, again, I'll explain in more
 they tell.
 the reference prices that are headline lithium chemicals price
 and how that's playing into the value in the spot you mean,
 and I'm going to explain a bit more detail there
 so that you understand some of the dynamics in the market.
 the ramp up in production continues
 albeit slower than we would like.
 Just to remind everyone, we're taking Pearl Gangora production
 from approximately 330,000 spodumene concentrate suns per annum to 580,000 spodumene concentrate
 Right.
 production
 speed production growth
 and with that have
 come some challenges, but as always, the Pilbara Minerals team is working incredibly hard and
 carry some
 fantastic skills
 that we've learned over the years about how to bring that production on.
 Still targeting 580,000 Fodgamine concentrate tonnes by the, it's a run rate by the middle
 of this year.
 However, both plants are still in their ramp-up phase,
 and it's that issue combined with the effects of, you know,
 difficulties in the labor market and then more
 recently,
 community
 distribution of the kind of
 are a theory
 and what's in the
 traders, it means there is some risk to our ability to produce as hard and as fast as
 we would like
 But nonetheless,
 So there's, you know, a lot of work going on, as I said,
 and the Bilbo Minerals team carries all the right skills to make it happen
 and we're obviously doing the best that we can.
 The POSCO Downstream Joint Venture
 was executed during the quarter, and we're now going through the completion criteria
 for the final formation of the joint venture in parallel,
 pocket and silver
 to start as the early work
 at the
 one young site and they've confirmed that they'll start
 for significant construction work during the current quarter, so we're looking forward
 to their progress over approximately the next two years
 as we head to
 silver, mineral,
 first
 hydroxide production
 in joint venture with POFGO.
 So, Dale will explain a bit more about what we're up to in both production
 and if we ramp up the plant and also production growth to the medium term.
 And Ryan will follow up with some more commentary about cash flow generation
 and a little bit of a follow-up to the cost story.
 So on that note, Dale, over to you.
 Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone.
 I'll offer my commentary on three parts.
 So firstly, a little bit about the operations, a quick touch on the reserve update that we
 during the quarter and then to finish
 which I'll provide some insight into the project's space and expansion plans, which we've got coming up.
 So starting with operations, as Kim described, it's been a growth quarter, bringing on two
 operations, ramping them, starting
 to ramp those up both simultaneously.
 So a growth quarter, but we've definitely had some growing pains, and Ken mentioned the
 labor shortages
 which are happening
 you have
 a
 you
 CrossFit State.
 Pilbara has not been immune to that and we have found some of those pains end to end
 through our operation.
 that thing
 said, the cause still made
 fairly solid production
 at 84,000 tons at the low end of our guidance.
 recovery, 62% average across both operations, yet again, slightly below where we wanted
 it to be.
 Now, stepping through the subset of the operation, from a mining perspective, it was a quarter
 of moving more waste, that was as per the plan, but not quite the volume as we wanted
 to achieve, again, a function of some of the labor shortages that our mining contractor
 thing. One of the
 consequences of this was
 was slightly compromised for
 in terms of seed oil to the plant,
 which translated through to slightly lower recovery than we had planned.
 but consequence there around mining movement.
 as part of the response to mining
 During the Court of Pilbara, instigated our own line fleet and mobilized our own small
 owner-operate fleet to support the south bed operation, which principally serves the Nuggedew
 plants so we keep that off
 during the quarter, and please report that that started well.
 moving from mining
 and
 stepping into each of the processing plants.
 So with Tilgan, processing for the quarter, average of 65% recovery versus the plan of
 as I mentioned earlier, slightly off where we wanted it to be.
 The Improvement Projects Package, which is a de-bottlenecking project for that plant
 with construction complete commissioned
 and we're really just moving through an optimization phase
 as we look to ramp up and increase throughput through that operation.
 from a cost basis higher than we wanted where we wanted to be a consequence of increased
 line movements
 mining contract performance challenges that are
 mentioned
 and in
 the
 client space, the
 all feed being
 slightly off where we wanted, and some delays around commissioning for both plants, including
 from extended shutdown.
 And Tim Sean
 and we're in quality contributing factor.
 with playing through your cost impact.
 and Brian will speak to this in a little bit more detail later in his section.
 Moving from Pilgrim Producing Plants and now speaking to Nugger Juice, the December
 The quarter was the quarter.
 have the ignition switch
 First concentrate from the core circuit coming through in early October and that operation
 We're moving through a staged ramp-up with the core circuit first floats to follow.
 closed circuit, we're on track to start that ignition switch of the circuit in this quarter.
 more than where we wanted it to be.
 some maintenance issues contributing there
 um
 But often and done
 I'm good to get into flow.
 from the operation.
 last thing on the
 old side
 production guidance you'll know
 from our update that
 Given the labour challenges and some of the ramp-up challenges we've had, we're commencing a review and to revise our guidance of the half-healy results when they come out due course.
 thank you please
 for the
 Ops update. Moving to
 Part 2 on the reserve
 just a note there
 that
 During the quarter, we did do a significant reserve upgrade.
 So this was the combination of bringing in the Altura Reserve and Resource into the existing
 silver minerals run
 So big increase, 47% upgrade from the prior year to 162 million tonnes, so huge reserve
 upgrade, which of course supports the ramp-up we're doing and the progressive expansion
 plans.
 So, lastly, the extension plans.
 Where are we at?
 So, historically, we talked about expansion in terms of Stage 2 and incremental stages
 of Stage 2.
 We've dropped that naming convention and chose to revert to a more simplified labelling for everyone's benefit.
 the P680 project
 So, Nicole, is the next incremental expansion beyond the ramp up that we're in the thick
 of at the moment.
 So this is to provide 100,000 tonnes additional to our total production capacity, bringing
 up to 380,000 tons per annum.
 where are we at with this project
 We're in the closing stages of study work and targeting an FID
 and the June quarter all going well.
 Beyond that, it's the P1000 expansion project, which is, as the name suggests, stepping up
 to 1,000 kilotons per annum in aggregate production from the operation, and we're targeting it
 for that expansion
 in the December quarter this year.
 And lastly, the project starts the midstream project, which to remind everyone is the production
 of the value-added
 high-purity lithium chemical salts.
 Scoping study has been a finalization stage at the moment.
 and we're also completing the economic evaluation for that
 and looking to announce that in the coming weeks.
 Beyond that scoping study announcement, we are positively disposed to moving forward
 with their part of Calix ultimately to commercialise that project and that approach and bring what
 we think
 to
 a superior product to market.
 So,
 to watch the space and we look forward to updating on that accordingly.
 So that's a wrap.
 Check number off.
 Reverb and Projects and at this point I'll hand over to Brian.
 All right. Thanks very much, Darlan, and good morning and good afternoon, everyone.
 If I think about the financial impact of the quarter that we just had, I sort of put it
 in sort of three
 three different aspects.
 one is
 It's obviously a very, very positive price environment, very strong operating margins
 generated but with
 some of the operating challenges
 that Sarah has just gone through.
 So we've obviously had some impact in terms of higher units operating costs.
 In terms of the physical,
 with
 produced just over 83,000 tons
 spodumine concentrate
 And so about 75,000 tons of concentrate that was produced from the Zilgam plant and about
 600 tons of concentrate
 that was produced from the Nogajit plant.
 So that's coming through to an increase in energy of about 5,000 tonnes and we've closed
 the quarter with closing stocks of about
 16,000 tons, which represents about half a month's worth of production.
 In terms of price and operating margin now, I think everyone's aware it's been quite
 improvement in pricing over the last quarter and we averaged a price of
 somewhere between US $1.750 and US $1,800 a tonne on an SC6 basis.
 And just as a reminder, that compares to pricing of $850 to $900
 at the time that we achieved 4th September.
 that's quite an extraordinary uplift in pricing.
 so with that
 with that pricing environment
 clearly
 would
 chainrider
 and
 a much stronger operating margin.
 are imagined
 was about
 you
 is
 1-1-5-0
 1-5-0
 per geometric tonne for each for the tonne sold from Pilgrim, the 75,000 tonne from Pilgrim.
 So with that strong operating margin, there's been a significant increase in the company's
 cash position.
 so
 the September
 The cash position was about $167 million and that's obviously when we quote cash, we quote
 cash plus the DLCs as well for shipments that occurred in the quarter.
 So, September, we had $137 million, and at the end of December, we now find ourselves
 to $245 million.
 So that's an increase of just under $108 million.
 So where has that increase come from?
 So the cash operating margin that the Pilgrim plant was able to generate represents about
 just under $116 million for the quarter.
 But we also, through the trunks that we sold,
 even though
 you know
 The knowledge is still in ramp-up and commissioning phase.
 We actually still generate a positive cash flow of about $2 million
 of buying the sale of the 3,600 tonnes from that sector to the operation.
 Capital spend across the business was about 20.
 is just under $27 million and that's obviously money spent on the Pilgrim plan improvements
 on the restart of the Magadue operation and commissioning
 and also on the official waste mining that's currently being undertaken.
 but that was
 largely offset by the drawdown of death.
 So during the quarter, we took the opportunity to increase our debt facility with our banks
 by U.S. $20 million, and that was done deliberately to help us fund the restart of the Nugget
 the operation.
 So that year's $20 million agreement was signed up during the quarter,
 and the monies were falling down in December.
 and that was what seems about $27 million Australian dollars.
 We also paid about $2 million in interest costs from a debt, and we also paid a cash
 sweep under the debt facility is about US$2 million as well.
 So, at the end of the quarter, we ended up with about $245 million of cash, and that
 represents a net cash position, so net of debt, of around about $68 million.
 So clearly this quarter has been a significant for the company
 and places that come in are much, much stronger financial positions than we were at the start of the quarter.
 The one downside, if you like, for the quarter, from a financial point of view, is the unit
 an operating cost.
 So the year of operating costs clearly has been impacted by the challenging operating
 environment that we faced during the quarter and was US 597 a ton, which was about US 142
 return higher than the unit operating cost for the September quarter.
 that increase of $142
 I was about 56, U.S. 56 of that really relates to royalty.
 So, obviously, if the selling price environment is going up, we are paying a much higher royalty.
 So, about $56 of that increase related to the fact that we are having to pay higher royalties
 as a result of receiving a high selling price.
 The remaining $86 is really attributable to the fact that we're generating lower levels
 dysplaginine concentrate production.
 This sale really was as a result of a large shutdown to facilitate the time of the time
 improvement project that PILD has.
 We had some unplanned downtime events to address some maintenance and equipment issues that
 needed to be rectified.
 We all started out with a lower recovery, as Val mentioned.
 This is really due to the fact that the oil feed being presented to the park wasn't as
 optimal as it should be and then we were also impacted by the fact that there's just a lack
 of mining production and maintenance personnel in the market, which impacts how the operation
 gets run
 Now, if I think about those types of increases, they are, I think, unique to the challenges
 that we're currently facing.
 I don't think they are necessarily something which is going to be a permanent increase
 and other than the higher Aussie cost,
 which are linked to the 71st mic.
 expectations
 the day of sweet.
 editing the change
 day-to-day production from the operations that those costs will come back to the level
 that we had gone to previously.
 As Dale mentioned before, we are currently undertaking a review of our production and
 and whether we need to provide our production guidance.
 and if there is any impact
 of that production garden
 I'm going to find you in a costume queen,
 and we will put in the next day,
 Thank you.
 same time in late February when we release our half-year accounts.
 So I think that's everything I wanted to go through.
 So, Ken, I might hand back to you.
 Yes, thank you, Brian.
 a bit more commentary about
 the market
 teacher
 want to
 in advance for delving into a little bit of detail
 about the pricing environment,
 but I think it's particularly important to explain how that works
 so that you have a greater understanding
 of the opportunities
 that the
 conference
 and market represent.
 Yeah.
 So obviously, given where price has got to, there is a growing disconnect between available
 supply and surging demand.
 Surging demands driven by, you know, all those things that represent opportunity
 and electrifying the global economy,
 but lithium-ion batteries are now key to that.
 so hence the growth in demand.
 On the supplier side, without wanting to put words in other producers' mouths, I don't
 think their experience is necessarily any
 difference to peel bare minerals.
 It is tough to bring on additional capacity in an environment where you were previously
 being punished, very low
 pricing environment had meant that every producer had slowed down.
 so I think
 it's highly likely
 that on the supply side there will be challenges
 and it's probably the case that the supplier response is already being overstated.
 so it's against that challenging environment
 that the price is surging, and it's kind of perverts.
 but for the very same reason,
 of the filter and minerals that are challenging production quarter,
 you are likely to see a fasting increase because the supply response is insufficient.
 I hope that makes sense.
 On crossing itself and delving into a little bit of the detail,
 Plex reported
 China domestic
 pricing in battery grade lithium carbonate of 386,000 yuan per metric ton lithium carbonate
 equivalent basis.
 So that's over.
 USD $60,000 a tonne in China.
 Now, people will tend to want to dismiss that price
 because it's, I think, somewhat unfairly described as a spot price.
 But what's actually being discovered in that price survey is the real price being paid
 by the same relationship, i.e. a long-term seller and a long-term buyer
 who are constantly renegotiating the price and volume.
 So what it is, well, I think what it represents is the real price
 at the chemical conversion
 and industry received in China.
 you know,
 Bearing in mind that China is the world's largest lithium raw materials market.
 And I think all the evidence points to that price being a real price
 because it's also driving international pricing,
 which typically has longer-dated contracts.
 But international pricing is already approaching US$50,000 a tonne.
 So for those that want to characterize it as a spot size,
 I think that's a little bit of a misrepresentation.
 And it is the price that the chemical conversion industry receives.
 Why is that important?
 this is where
 the
 I mean, supply those ultimately have this day in the fun.
 And I think filter and minerals is particularly well-closed to participate in that pricing environment.
 what it means is
 It's a chemical converter.
 is receiving 60,000 or over 60,000 US dollars a tonne
 for their battery-grade carbonate.
 If you deduct the VAT and you deduct the cost of chemical conversion,
 they have
 approximately
 $50,000 left to spend on their raw materials.
 $50,000 left to spend on their raw material, of which spodumane is obviously a key component.
 what that means is
 that the chemical conversion industry
 can pay a lot more for progeny
 and in my view, they likely will, because there is no alternative.
 I already have chemical
 but though
 Inversion capacity, of which there is oodles in China, but there is insufficient spodumene
 to backfill the chemical conversion capacity.
 The net effect of all that is that they will pass their margins upstream, which means
 Spodumene pricing is already very strong, but in my view, likely to get stronger.
 And I know everyone thinks that sounds like a pretty extraordinary scenario, but have
 to think about this, it's not
 What do you mean?
 is not iron ore.
 Podgamine and its derivative chemicals are part of an industrial mineral supply chain
 and turning into a specialty chemical supply chain
 for which most players will already be contractually bound.
 They are contractually bound to sell chemicals to a cathode material player
 or a cell maker, maybe in China, but equally probably Japan and Korea.
 they aren't contractually bound
 but they don't have the raw material.
 And what that means is that they will pay virtually anything for the raw material.
 So, the dynamic, you know, that I'm describing is one that's very different to what most
 people might be used to in natural resources markets because, you know,
 If you took iron ore as an example, that's a very large liquid pool of available products.
 That's not what's represented by an industrial mineral supply chain
 where people are, you know,
 Purpose-built chemical facilities to match a combination of input raw material feed for
 a defined quality to a customized
 There's probably a longer day to trust in the downstream.
 So all those dynamics create something that's very unusual in the pricing world
 when there's such a bad disconnect between available supply and surging demand.
 So that's what's going on in produmine markets.
 It's quite incredible.
 I think silver and minerals is really well-placed.
 were probably outperformed as it relates to price received
 in the December quarter, and the March quarter is already looking very, very strong.
 So we've got it for between $2,600 and $3,000 US dollar per tonne CIF China on a 6% spodumene basis
 because we see lithium chemicals pricing being very strong,
 which represents a key peg to our Fodgene pride.
 So, yeah, incredible times, but nonetheless, Silver and Minerals will be having its day in the sun.
 So that's the detail in the spodumene market.
 The other means by which we look to take advantage of that
 is through the BMX platform.
 and then the next
 platform.
 We'll typically handle excess product from our Pilgangora production,
 most of which is coming through the growth in overdue production,
 which is coming
 we've only been producing
 through the HMS circuit so far.
 are continuing to trip away at that and the flotation circuit
 with the expectation that the flotation circuit starts
 during the latter part of the current quarter,
 In which case, we should have more products available for the BMX platform and we're looking
 forward to the price of discovery that that flushes out.
 So, to close, in summary, it's a challenge bringing on the two plants and the expanded
 capacity that they represent, especially in light of the tight labor market that WA currently
 stuff is wrong.
 We're all looking forward to the borders opening
 because ultimately it should provide some relief
 to those tight labour market conditions.
 um
 So firstly, whilst that was a challenging quarter, it's not just silver and minerals
 experience. We expect it to stay
 Every resources company is going through similar issues,
 including the other lithium raw material providers.
 What does that point to?
 while it points to at least in part constrained supply
 which points to probably higher price.
 We think we are really well-placed to take advantage of that
 in the coming quarters.
 I'm confident in the team
 and their ability to bring on the remaining capacity, in which case we will have a very
 very good year.
 I'm going to throw it back to you.
 I'm sure there'll be plenty of interesting questions on the phone call, but equally some
 that will come out of our webcast.
 So, yeah, look forward to people's questions.
 Thank you, Rachel.
 Thank you.
 If you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone and wait for your
 to be announced. If you wish to cancel your request, please press star 2. If you are on
 speakerphone, please pick up the handset
 to ask your questions.
 Your first question comes from Al Harvey from J.D. Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Ed.
 G'day, Ken.
 It's insane.
 just a couple
 from me
 um
 that's just starting with the recovery
 across Pilgungora.
 Just wondering, with Nugadu, when do you think,
 what's kind of the expected maximum recovery
 Do you think you'll be able to get there once you bring the floats online?
 and what sort of timing do you think we might be able to see that across?
 Yeah, Al, yeah, so in the details, Ed, um,
 two games
 was compromised
 by the new equipment being brought on as part of the improvements project
 and the effect of a less than optimal blend.
 so that we experience
 recovery of
 Pilgan
 for the
 65
 5% versus 75%.
 At Nogidoo, the recovery is materially lower while we're using the HMS circuit with the
 law
 So nominally, 30% recovery until we bring on the select action figure.
 target recovery
 to know you over time
 with a fully optimized circuit is likely in the order of high 60s, 70%,
 as compared to Phil Gann being 75% for argument.
 So, yeah, that's really helpful.
 Well, thanks, Ken.
 And secondly, just on the FIDs for P680 and P1000, just I'm wondering how long after
 So FYD, if they are successful, could work for you just given the tight labor market
 you're saying and
 just any commentary you have on perhaps percentage increases in CAPEX
 you've been saying relative to our studies?
 Yeah, I'll try it now, but I'm sure I'll enter the timing around starting execution
 The good news is that the P6A could be fairly quick, and that project is effectively an
 expansion to the HMS
 connected.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 So, the function of engineering, timing, long leads,
 I think construction could be at soon, excuse me, at soon in six months, starting at soon
 in six months.
 225-D.
 but we wouldn't expect
 likely the ramp-up of that for maybe 9 to 12 months post if I do.
 That's largely driven by our estimates around Long Leap as to capital increase and cost
 increases, we've definitely
 Sorry.
 observed
 escalation across the board and the WA environment, steel prices and the like,
 We haven't translated that through quite yet to the project, but of course we will do that
 the decision that answers your question.
 No.
 Yeah, thanks, Dal.
 Well, then just maybe with the P-1000,
 do you think that will have a
 longer
 pick
 build time frame
 after FID, just to see if that's a bit bigger.
 One of the questions we haven't resolved yet is actually the staging of that particular part of expansion.
 its potential that we might
 choose to forward order long leads, and the long leads for both those two expansions really
 derives the critical path, not so much
 it.
 It's more lovely.
 and as it relates to the good news there is we already have the HPGR for that circuit.
 4-0 timing and
 and all the other things
 with our last week.
 is a well-placed petition.
 All right.
 Thanks, Dal.
 if I can just make
 one last one in
 just wondering if you guys
 have a rough
 Um,
 split.
 of Pilbara's product that goes into hydroxide but carbonate converters and whether or not
 I'm just trying substantially.
 in the school that was saying,
 these bigger increases in carbonate pricing versus the hydroxide price?
 Thank you.
 Yeah, our customers, the contracted customers do a mix of both, so it's very difficult
 to just go into wheat versus hydroxide.
 but
 to be honest
 In today's environment, you could be ambivalent about it
 because any primary hydroxide producer, i.e. straight from Fodgibane for hydroxide,
 he's probably twisting
 hydroxide
 to carbon
 a very low-cost process of carbonation to take advantage of the carbonate price.
 So, and actually in the scheme of things, they're doing that for roughly the same cost
 the cost of chemical conversion to carbonate anyway
 because the primary hydroxide route would typically be a bit cheaper.
 so from our point of view
 We're not overly fussed kind of one way or the other.
 where it's ultimately being consumed.
 But given the price differential between carbonate and hydroxide, that's very much a likely market response, twisting hydroxide to carbonate.
 All right. Thanks, Ken. Thanks very much, guys. Appreciate it.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from Mitch Ryan from Jeffries.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning, guys.
 This is a side note, but I just wanted to understand,
 We could.
 They'll be ramping up their living hydroxyl refinery over the coming years and the aspect
 and I look for you to be in a new platform.
 I was just wondering what would be a material
 So, um, things,
 and there isn't
 We think that we're being sure for most of this year.
 Yeah, good question, Mitch.
 and it's hard to disagree with the logic that says
 The more volume and the more price points that are established on such a platform, the
 the better the combination of transparency and market development for more
 sophisticated market tools to emerge.
 So broadly speaking, we're supportive of an adjunct that creates more product pricing
 on
 things like
 the BMX platform
 so with
 very open to those discussions and it won't
 surprise you
 that those
 discussions
 and you know
 I'm already on the way.
 I think it's like a very, very logical model to deploy
 and the industry is absolutely crying out for a stronger price transparency.
 So in light of that, I guess, you wouldn't necessarily be looking for a commercial benefit,
 a material commercial benefit.
 It would be more about the improved
 and essentially the market would benefit all players involved, I guess.
 Mm-hm.
 That's right, rising tide floats all boats.
 So yeah, it's pretty much that logic and ultimately it's going to be good for the market as a whole
 to get more sophisticated pricing methodology out there.
 We're not interested so much in the commercial potential in that model, just broad participation
 across all products.
 And, in fact, Chilver and Minerals itself is also keen to put more price points on the platform, i.e. varying spodumine grades and over time, midstream products, and who knows, maybe our own lithium chemicals over time.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from Jack Gabb from Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks.
 so invite Ken and Tim.
 just a couple of questions
 from me
 I guess
 Firstly, just on the labor challenges and particularly with respect to some of the stripping,
 I guess. This year was going to be a bit of a catch-up
 be at the stripping right.
 I'm just curious, is this going to pose a challenge at some point?
 Is it going to create a bottleneck for you as you look to expand?
 or have you got quite a lot of headway on that?
 And I'll just fill up with one more question.
 Thanks.
 Yeah, Jack, a couple of introductory comments on that subject, and I'll hand to Dale.
 Yeah, you're right.
 this year
 it was all about
 catch up
 and we had about
 15 to 18 months worth of higher-than-life-of-mind-strip to catch up, that's necessitated mobilizing
 more fleet and larger fleet.
 It's been constrained by Labor, so that's part of the challenge.
 Is there anything else you want to add?
 Anything I would add is
 with the acquisition of Alpshur
 present small opportunities
 and send the back first of all.
 So there's a heap of material to move, waste movements, but we do have multiple areas to draw from.
 So that puts us in.
 really could see it as we think about various mine plans, etc.
 That's all I have.
 Perfect, thanks.
 And then just one on pricing.
 Can you give us a sense of the range, I guess, of your pricing that you actually receive across your contracts?
 ignoring the BMX for a second within your guidance.
 and then secondly within that guidance as well
 are you including
 any material
 volumes from the BMX platform at this point.
 A key one, thanks.
 Second question, in fact, what we've described in the quarterly $2,600 to $3,000 U.S. dollars
 represents an estimate of contracted pricing based on what we see today.
 only a contract pricing excludes whatever might yet occur on the BMX platform.
 and I might just say
 that there's probably a risk to further upside.
 at the function of the load.
 um
 Oh, yeah, sorry.
 The first question, actually, it's a relatively tight contract pricing across the customer group.
 is really
 no material difference emerging
 in respect to all the various pricing models.
 They pretty much approximated each other within a couple of hundred dollars, you know, of each individual contract.
 And I do vary out of time because I do use a lot of different sort of pricing modeling
 but it's in the detail.
 they all reference
 with him
 well
 They typically all reference lithium chemicals, potentially in a slightly different way than
 The net outcome of the five things is pretty tight.
 That's really helpful. Thanks very much. I'll leave it there.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from Peter Kerr from the Australian Financial Review.
 Please go ahead.
 G'day, Ken. Thanks for your time.
 I'm just wondering on the border, I assume you're not going to join the exodus of all
 the other WA-based CEOs who are coming in.
 and secondly
 with the
 every five
 delay, did that
 upend any plans you had
 in terms of, you know, did you have particular markets on the East Coast?
 you were targeting as of step 6
 And, yeah, how do you sort of cope now with that sort of indefinite uncertainty?
 Thank you.
 Yeah, good question.
 and it brings them out of
 with the border.
 They've been shutposts every five given kids and their locations
 and the desire to catch up with them.
 with respect to work
 No, not my intention to move to Melbourne or Sydney, not any time soon, and get it to
 plans will
 the
 It's an indirect impact of the border that it constrains short-term labour supply.
 So that actually gets to the heart of a lot of the issues
 that we've been dealing with, especially while we're ramping up the soup plants.
 When something breaks,
 Well, when we've got to do it,
 a shutdown
 you typically can't get the labor
 at least not in the way we used to,
 to create the peak load that's required to get the jobs done quickly.
 so I shut down
 that should have taken 36 hours takes, you know,
 take 72
 and I
 And, you know,
 broken
 all-milk coupling
 types, types, sort of
 56 hours to fix when it should have taken 24, you know, that type of thing.
 that's really
 one of the key issues
 And then our contractors, our mining contractors, feel it as well.
 They typically have a slightly higher sort of transitory workforce and they're highly
 mobile and what's happening now
 as everyone's fishing from the same pool in that contracted space.
 and it's leading to
 There's lots of challenges accessing labor and hanging on to labor for our contractors.
 so yeah
 If the border scene continues to close,
 creates challenges in that key personnel and the extent to which our contractors can retain
 their personnel.
 So, yeah, it's a big issue.
 issue.
 As soon as we get the mobility back in the workforce is really the key.
 And so presumably you think the negative impact
 of those labour challenges is greater than the COVID impact will be
 when it starts spreading through your workforce, you know, as it is over here?
 definitely some
 to the production environment for WA mining companies.
 It's not too wide, but it should be relatively transitory.
 I mentioned in
 not in a couple months
 not
 not 6 or 12 months.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from Adam Basehart from Global Mining Research.
 Please go ahead.
 Good afternoon.
 Yeah, just a question on the mine grades.
 they've been above the birth rate
 at 1.18%.
 quite some time
 I was just wondering, you know,
 what your mind plan is saying about, you know, coming back to meet reserve grades, you know,
 how far away from that.
 Yeah, good question.
 Yeah, we're going to pick up a pattern.
 We've been originally called.
 reasonably clear historically that Pilgan or the original Pilgan-Gora operation was always
 Good morning.
 I grew up in the first four years, roughly.
 um
 all the
 production. That's just a function
 and the way they all present at Bill Gangora.
 So nothing particularly sort of tricky there.
 the lower
 reserve
 I've cried.
 Bolshar
 has resulted from the addition of the South Pit, i.e. the former Altura operations, which
 game was always a lower
 reserve grade
 than the original Bill Gangora Preserve Grave.
 So that also explains some of the gaps.
 Yeah, so we've been in production now for two or three years,
 so we've got another year or two
 word that's
 probably
 Yeah, a load of grades.
 and then
 and then they'll start to revert more to their reserve norm.
 Sure, thanks, sir.
 Just a second one, Tom.
 And, yeah, you mentioned that, you know, there's going to be potential reviews.
 got the half-year result in February.
 I'm guessing there'll be some impact
 to the second half financial year 22 guidance,
 Just wondering how likely this has been past the target of 540 to 580,000 tons of spot
 helped by media.
 Yeah, more discussions come,
 And given that we've got about another four weeks prior to the half-year results,
 There's several things going through our mind there,
 and the next three or four weeks will probably be traumative.
 The first is the effect of the continued plants around the park.
 There's a big gap between the historical production
 at $330,000
 sports you make
 off straight
 times per annum
 continues the way we're going, 590,000
 And fortunately, I concentrate on it for him.
 And our guidance is sensitive to the speed with which we can bring on that capacity.
 so we really need another
 three and four weeks
 to see how it goes with the plants and the work that's already happened and integrating
 the combination of new equipment, especially Nuggetoo,
 where we're bringing on the flotation circuit.
 So that's part one.
 At the absolute production capacity by 580,000 tons,
 we're still confident about hitting that run rate in the middle of the year
 as a function of both facts and their performance.
 so
 so the business
 we're
 sensitive to is the remaining ramp-up.
 Lastly, it's worthwhile mentioning the borders and COVID.
 But, you know, there's obvious community transmission going on here now.
 mining company
 He's a guy to start feeling it.
 So, we are a bit sensitive to what that impact might be.
 Now, indirectly, it's already hurt us
 because we struggle to get paid people, as I described,
 But it's possible there's also production impacts from the community transmission and
 how that relates to our vulnerable workforce.
 side. Give us another
 Four weeks, mate, and we'll have that largely cleared up and we'll provide more definitive
 guidance.
 Thank you.
 There are no further telephone questions at this time.
 I'll now hand over to Nicholas Reid for any webcast questions.
 Thanks, Rachel.
 of questions
 have been
 I'm logged online to the team here.
 First of all, some questions from John Beckwith.
 He said, could you please expand on the company's strategy
 and the initiatives that have been put in place to deal with the current skills and
 labor challenges and risks
 in WA
 yeah good question John
 and yes, of course
 there has already been actually a significant response.
 So the first thing is to have taken on some of the challenge ourselves.
 Silbera Minerals has commenced its own mining fleet.
 And the logic in doing that, it's multifaceted, but one of the key drivers is the relative
 to accessibility.
 accessibility of longer-term employees buying silver and minerals as compared to the
 to our contractors.
 and it's all to do with the way the workforce works here in WA.
 way most employees, not all, but most employees would say longer term employment with an established
 company is the safer bet and I think
 wheels are
 trained on
 the benefit
 of being involved in the new economy in mining,
 factory raw materials which
 It's the same as the future, and hence that brand has a better attraction and retention
 status so
 So that's the key thing that we've taken on ourselves and so far, so good.
 We haven't had too many dramas accessing people ourselves,
 but certainly our contractors have.
 There has also been work done with respect to retention, so, for example, the way we
 people
 there's the bonuses
 the net benefits
 we've done work
 on our camp
 you know
 there's lots
 things that have happened that
 should have the desire to think
 of both attracting and retaining people over time.
 With respect to our contractors, well, we've done a bit more sort of innovative thinking
 with them, again or else's, you know, the camp and in certain circumstances the way
 there in Centerville.
 with a view to helping attract and retain people.
 The one key challenge, which we still haven't really broken the back of,
 is the peak labour that I described when you need just, you know,
 a lot of people.
 numbers of personnel for shutdowns and or breakdowns, that is an area that's still
 We're all concerned.
 and again
 not a challenge
 that we're dealing with on our own.
 It's a very broad issue for the mining companies here in WA generally.
 I hope that makes sense, John.
 Thanks, Jim.
 And two others from John, he asked the pullback in the share price over the last week or so,
 How much of that would be attributed to the broader global market correction and how much
 to investor concern about the risks and challenges that have been discussed today.
 And secondly, can you update us on how the company is thinking about dividend policy
 given the strong forms of financial aid in that recent time.
 Well, with respect to silver and share price, I think it's largely traded in line with its
 use.
 I don't think there's anything particularly special that's going on there
 that relates to Pilgrim minerals specifically,
 it wouldn't be unusual to have a pullback
 when lithium stocks had run as hard as they had,
 but also taking into account broader sentiment issues in global markets.
 practice.
 Um...
 Uh...
 or an inflation, you know, clearly led to a bit of a risk-off attitude,
 and I would attribute most of the share price movement, you know, to that effect.
 Second question is dividends, dividends, yeah, well, as described by Dale, we have a lot
 of growth ahead of us, which we think represents, you know,
 reasonable reinvestment in our business.
 business.
 That's important.
 just ultimately depends on what the price does, but price versus, you know, cost will
 be one of our assessments as to whether this event ultimately becomes part of the story
 for the medium term.
 So,
 so,
 So, more to be discovered in that regard, John, before we can be definitive about dividend
 strength.
 Thanks, Ken.
 A question from Rob Clark.
 He says, with respect to your impressive balance sheet strengthening, does your midstream
 project warrant more resources and can you look at ways to increase the speed
 to market of this product.
 Also, can you please clarify if the product is being targeted directly at Chinese LFPC
 can't ride my kids.
 Ah, okay.
 Yeah, both good questions.
 Well, we very much like the mid-stream product and Dale said, I think the words are something
 lot are very
 identity products or compelling products
 to the market, something like that, huh?
 Thank you.
 I agree wholeheartedly.
 So it is a compelling product for the market and recutting the spodgyment supply chain
 is going to be a big part of the future of our industry because there are more efficient
 solutions.
 So we're working about as hard and as fast as we can on that project.
 I'm really happy to be working with Calix and the Smart Home, but it's still got engineering
 development to
 to be undertaken
 and it's very difficult to short-circuit that.
 So more work to be done and probably more to be said about that as we look to publish
 first round of engineering
 in the coming weeks.
 I think that's pretty much it.
 You can subscribe.
 Our next question is from Hayden Basso at Macquarie.
 is the long-term production target
 post the expansion still
 approximately 1 million tons per annum
 or have you made some changes to long-term recovery assumptions?
 and secondly
 what percentage of sales in 2022 are likely to be on the BMX platform.
 Okay.
 yep
 But, yeah, so long-term production, Hayden,
 is still targeting beyond 1 million tons per annum of spodumane concentrate and broadly
 facing you know
 That should happen in the period sort of 2000 and the latter part of 2023, early part of
 2024 onwards.
 there are more work to be done
 from an engineering
 and a delivery point of view, but we have no doubt that Peele Gangora
 as a production center
 has that capacity
 and it will be a very important part of global supply.
 So, yeah, very much still in the future.
 with respect to
 recovery is actually no nothing's changed
 with respect to our views around recovery
 consistent with previous commentary,
 slightly lower recoveries
 at Nuggetu, just as a function of the way that plant works in comparison to Pilgrim.
 and
 and a slightly lower head grade overall likely to be fed
 to no redo over time.
 but recovery is still the same and the flotation is still a very important part of the future
 at Kilgangora
 whether at
 Hogan or
 have
 I'm not going to do it.
 Okay, sorry.
 Sorry.
 to take your time.
 sorry
 to the
 boom
 right
 more
 Yeah.
 well there's still someone
 certainty.
 So that's a function of how quickly we can bring on the remaining capacity at Nuggetu
 from a production point of view
 it's still relatively
 early highs
 because we're
 early highs
 We're only relying on HMS in the transitional law.
 The flotation circuit construction is well advanced.
 We're into the cells now and still expecting that those cells will be fired up from a construction
 point of view
 it's in the
 off the last of the construction in the cell to align it with our flotation technique and
 of view that they'll be commissioned
 from lighter
 in the last quarter
 so then the question is
 how quickly we can bring that on
 to bring on additional capacity
 because of that capacity.
 have to be and then
 whatever we can stretch till game two that becomes expert's capacity to go to the BMX
 platform.
 So it's difficult to be definitive, to be honest, Hayden, about what ultimately gets
 sold on spot, this startup.
 Once the plant is at full capacity, so 580,000 tons,
 then approximately 200,000 tons of that is available.
 at our disposal to sell as we choose and at the moment we would choose to sell by far
 the majority of that
 to the BMX platform because pricing is going to be very strong.
 Chemical conversion industry is going to give away their margin
 to secure Spongermane Supply, in which case Spongermane Supply, you know,
 or pricing will surprise the outside.
 Thanks, Ken.
 There were a couple of other BMX questions, so I'll just group them together and apologies
 were going over the same ground here
 but one was
 So you can confirm, are you expecting a BMX option this quarter?
 Yes, that's it.
 And the second one, they've all done as well,
 with the Navigot plants.
 Can you give some sort of estimate of how many BMX sales and tonnages in total
 that they're expecting for this calendar year.
 to my previous comments about the speed with which the mortgage use plan comes on.
 I could be more definitive
 that once the capacity has been built out
 because then you would have approximately an auction every three weeks, roughly,
 as represented by the total excess capacity that makes its way to the spot market.
 Thanks, Ken.
 I have a question here from Mr Mills.
 He says, as the company moves,
 relatively quickly to P680 and P1000, what concerns should there be or are there with
 with shipping movements to markets, given viable shipping challenges and increased costs.
 Oh, yeah.
 Well, our experience is that we don't have difficulty accessing vessels.
 There's enough trade and vessels available in our sector that we don't particularly have difficulty accessing the vessels themselves.
 It's just the cost of attracting the vessels.
 That's the issue.
 there has been some
 relief, a little bit of relief
 in this quarter with respect to shipping costs.
 We paid in shipping costs at about 70 to 80 US dollars a ton, average shipping costs
 from memory were about
 55 or any of those
 right
 the trust.
 So it's come off slightly, which is indicative of more vessels being available.
 But, again, make the point.
 it's not
 so much that you can't get it.
 It's just the cost of the vessel itself.
 Thanks, Ken. Just a couple of market-related questions to wrap up.
 It's fine.
 from Mr. Zing. He asked if he
 can offer some commentary on the impact on the lithium market of some recent developments
 We've seen, for instance, the Rio Tinto project in Serbia and also some of the political changes
 in Chewy and any potential ramifications of those developments for lithium supply.
 So, well, the first thing that comes to mind,
 and no disrespect to the analyst community,
 but it's easy to put supply numbers in a spreadsheet.
 it's not so easy to deliver them on the ground.
 by the time you're doing that
 a lot more complexity
 come into play.
 You've heard it from Filvera about the difficulties of bringing in additional
 additional capacity,
 well,
 Eric,
 experience with you know it's not we're not on our Pat Malone bringing on Spodgermane
 supply and lithium
 units globally
 is challenging
 and especially when you think about the combination
 of volume, volume growth and quality.
 and each of those
 are going to be overestimated in our view,
 in which case markets will continue to be tight for quite some time.
 We've heard many analysts say over the years that the lithium markets will be oversupplied,
 There's plenty of lithium in the world, but there's not plenty of lithium in the world
 that fit the right combination of location, quality of supply,
 accessibility to infrastructure in the right jurisdictions that don't otherwise suffer
 from geopolitical challenges.
 yeah I mean
 it's a complex world
 of
 opening
 industrial mineral supply chain
 that doesn't want to be complex but naturally is.
 Thanks, Ken. One final one. It's a related question, but a good one to wrap up on.
 And the gentleman said, major car manufacturers are talking big numbers for EV production
 through to 2030, is there enough lithium to achieve those production forecasts?
 I don't want to be trite, but carmakers have been asleep at the wheel.
 They haven't been paying enough attention to the raw materials supply base
 in battery raw materials in the last five years.
 and it's coming back to awesome because insufficient incentive
 was placed in the market when it was really required,
 and especially sort of in that period three or five years ago
 to get to where we need to be today.
 So not enough capital flowing upstream, not enough definitive off-take agreements that tie up the supply chain, not enough interconnected agreements that motivate the supply chain to be interconnected.
 Each of those things represents a serious challenge to the industry
 that should have been sold some years ago,
 but now it needs to be solved and will take some years to get right.
 Excellent.
 Thanks, Ken. That's all from the island.
 Thank you, Nick, Rachel.
 It might count like we're all done.
 Thank you.
 That will conclude our conference for today.
 Thank you for participating.
 you may now disconnect.
 Thanks.