 Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Pilbara Minerals, December 2021, Quarterly
 the Investor Conference call and webcast.
 All participants are in a list and only mode.
 There will be a presentation, followed by a question and answer session.
 If you wish to ask a question via the phone, you will need to press the star key followed
 by the number one on your telephone keypad.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ken Brinston, Managing Director and
 CEO, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Rachel, and welcome to everybody
 going on the call and welcome to those participating via the webcast, especially those share holders
 to participate in the talk.
 Thank you for joining.
 I'm here in the third Super Mineral Fed Office,
 I'm joined by Dyle Henderson as Chief Operating Officer and Brian Lin, Chief Financial Officer,
 Both of whom you'll hear from during the call.
 Also, in the opportunity, with us, Alex Eastwood,
 our Chief Commercial Officer, General Counsel, and David Cahan, and that's the Relation Specialist.
 Thank you, everyone, for joining.
 Well, the backdrop to the quarterly call is one of strong demands, accelerating price,
 to our mineral to respond a little bit with some production challenges, evidence, and
 And I'll see you in the next video.
 Bye.
 I'm going to turn the corner.
 We've been continuing to work on the acceleration of Kilgangora production in a very, very busy
 quarter as we started production at the Novigyu plant?
 Thank you.
 to determine you, the former health care of facilities.
 And we brought on the Pilgan Plant Improvements Project,
 which is complete and now fully tied in and we continue to ramp up the production at the
 a two-man plan.
 support of all that and that includes a relatively significant
 and growth in mining volumes, which you can see in the production tables within the quarterly,
 be it short production growth both in the short and the medium term. And customers obviously
 want more products. You can see that with respect to pricing. Pricing is quite incredible
 and that's something that I'll come back to talk to in more details during our commentary.
 Yeah, incredible results on our BMX platform.
 with respect to the spot style.
 A very, very strong crossing, especially in China, which is just reminding everyone
 We will plot this with the Emerald Materials Market.
 That's now spreading to international markets with pricing getting record highs virtually
 every week and that's translating very well to spore germane which which is
 It's part of what, again, I'll explain in more detail, the reference prices at a headline
 and how that's flowing into the value in the spodermen.
 I'm going to explain a bit more detail there, so that you understand some of the dynamics
 in the market.
 The ramp-up in production continues, albeit slower than we would like.
 to start them on, everyone, with taking two, again,
 or a production from approximately 330,000 podgeomaniac-concentrate suns per annum to
 to 590,000, so you may concentrate production.
 production growth and with that have come some challenges but as always the the
 The Pilbara Mineral Team is working incredibly hard and carries some fantastic skills that
 that we've learned over the years about how to bring that production on.
 Still targeting, 580,000 spojomene concentrate tons by the run rate by the middle of this year.
 However, both plants are still in their ramp-up phase, and it's that issue combined with the
 effects of, you know, difficulties in the labor market and then more recently community
 distribution of both the collided bars here and what's in the strategy that
 I mean, there is some risk to our ability to produce as hard and as fast as we would
 like but nonetheless you know a lot of work going on at her fifth and the
 Silver Minerals James carries all the raw skills to make it happen, and we're obviously
 We're doing the best that we can.
 The POSCO downstream joint venture was executed during the quarter, and we're now going through
 the completion criteria for the final formation of the joint venture. In parallel, Pocco himself
 Pocco themselves have started the early works at the one young site and they're concerned
 that they'll start the significant construction work during the current
 quarter. So we're looking forward to their progress further
 approximately the next two years as we head to silver and mineral spurs hydroxide production
 in joint venture with POSTO.
 So, coming up.
 I'll explain a bit more about what we're up to in both production and if we ramp up the
 plant and also production growth to the medium term and Ryan will follow up with
 some more commentary about cash flow generation and a little bit of a follow-up to the cost
 story. So, on that note, Dale, over to you. Thanks again and good morning everyone.
 I'll offer my commentary on three parts, so firstly a little bit about the operations,
 a quick touch on the reserve update that we did during the quarter and then to finish
 I'll provide them and phone them for the projects.
 space and expansion plans which we've got coming up.
 So the biggest operation, as Ken described, it's been a growth quarter bringing on to
 and ramping them, starting to ramp those up both simultaneously.
 So growth quarter, but we've definitely had some growing pains and can mention the labor shortages
 at the bar which are happening across the state.
 A pilvara has not been immune to that.
 And we have found some of those pains into and through our operation.
 That being said, the course is still a fairly solid production.
 at 84,000 tons at the low end of their guidance.
 recovery, 60% average across both operations. Again, slightly below where we wanted it to be.
 Now, stepping through the sub-sensory operation, from a mining perspective, it was the quarter
 of moving more waste that was as per the plan, but not quite as long as we wanted to achieve.
 Again, a function of some of the live shortages that a mining contractor had seen.
 One of the consequences of this was slightly compromised war and contemporary or to the
 upon, which translated through to slightly lower recovery
 make a plan for a consequence there around line movement.
 As part of the response to lying during the quarter-pilgrim, we instigated our own lying
 fleet and mobilised our own small owner-operated fleets to support the south bed operation,
 which will simply serve the other due plan.
 So if we keep that off during the quarter and then please report that that started well.
 moving from one end and shifting into each of the processing files.
 So with two games,
 For the quarter, average of 65% recovery versus the plan of 55, as mentioned earlier, slightly
 off where we wanted it to be. The improvement project package, which is the default on
 project for that plant with construction complete commission demo really just
 moving through an optimization phase as we have been able to ramp up and increase throughput
 through that operation.
 from the cost basis.
 and where we want it to be a consequence of increased mine movements, some mine contract
 performance challenges that I mentioned and in the plan states that you all see
 being slightly off where we want it, and some delays around commissioning for both plans,
 including if we extend the shot down.
 So, in summary, quite a few contributing factors,
 applying through its real cost impact.
 And Brian will speak to this in a little bit more detail
 later in her section.
 We're moving from two-man processing plants and now speaking to not-a-judge, the Pacific
 The cord was the cord where you had the ignition switch, so to speak.
 first concentrate from the core circuit coming through and early October and in
 operation we're moving through a stage ramp up with this called circuit first float.
 which is the circuit.
 circuit and that's called it. So ramp up slower than what we wanted it to be, some maintenance
 that she's contributing there. But more than that, I'm good to get the wheels turning and
 production don't deploy, but they operate.
 Nothing on the old update, production guidance, you'll know from our update that given the
 live and challenges and some of the ramp-up challenges we've had,
 We're commencing a review and we'll look to provide their guidance of the half yearly
 results when they come out to calls.
 course.
 I think it went to the Ops update. Moving to Part 2 on the reserve, just a note there that
 During the quarter, we did do a significant reserve upgrade,
 So this was the combination of bringing in the Altru or reserve and results into the
 15 silver minerals long.
 I think it increased 47% upgrade from the prior year to 162 million tons, so it's huge as
 that upgrade which you call support, the ramp up we're doing and the progressive
 expansion plan.
 Lastly, the extension plans where we are.
 So historically we talked about expansion in terms of stage two and incremental stages
 stage 2.
 dropped that naming convention and chose to reverse a more simplified labeling for everyone's
 benefits.
 The P680 project that is now called is the next incremental expansion beyond the ramp
 but we don't think of it at the moment.
 This is to provide 100,000 tons additional to our total production capacity, bringing
 Thanks for watching.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 at the time of the Paranum.
 out with this project. We're in the closing stages of study work and targeting NFID in
 the chain caught up.
 You're doing well.
 Beyond that, that's the P1000 expansion project, which is, as the name suggests, stepping up to
 to about 1,000 kilotons per hour
 and an aggregate production from the operation.
 and we're talking here by the expansion
 in the December call of this year.
 Well, honestly, the project space, the ministering project,
 which remind everyone is the production note of the value-added high-purity
 where he looked in chemical salt.
 Scoping stage has been a finalization stage at the moment.
 We're also completing the economic evaluation for that and looking to announce that it's
 weeks. Beyond that, let's go to the steady announcement that we are positively disposed
 just moving forward with that project,
 with their part of Cali, ultimately to commercialize
 that project and that approach and bring what we think is a superior product to market.
 We want to stay and we look forward to updating on that according to us.
 So that's a wrap for the office review and projects.
 And at this point, I'll hand it over to Ron.
 Well, thanks very much, Joe, and good morning, and good afternoon, everyone.
 If I think about the financial impact of the quarter that we just had, I sort of put it
 put it into the tree, three different aspects.
 One is obviously a very, very positive climate environment.
 very strong operating margins generated,
 with some of the operating challenges that they've just gone through.
 we've obviously had some impact in terms of higher unit operating costs.
 In terms of the physical, we produce just over 83,000 tons of spodium in concentrates
 And so, that's it.
 35,000 tons of concentrate that was produced on the fill-game plan, and around 3,600 tons
 of concentrate that was produced from the magnitude plant.
 So that's some increase in inventory of about 5,000 tons, and we close the coil with closing
 stocks of about 16,000 tonnes, which represents about half a month's worth of production.
 In terms of price and operating margin now, I think everyone's aware it's been quite
 extraordinary improvement in price now in the last quarter and we averaged price of somewhere
 between US$1,750 and US$1,800 a ton on an EC6 basis.
 And just as a reminder, that compares to pricing of $850 to $900 a time that we trade for September.
 That's quite an extraordinary uplift in pricing.
 So with that, with that piloting environment, clearly,
 We'll check right at it.
 much stronger operating margins. Our margin was about a U.S. 1, 1, 5, 3, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 times
 reach for the ton of salt from Pylgan, the 75,000 tons from Pylgan.
 So with that strong operating margin, there's been a significant increase in the company's
 Next position.
 So, is the chamber cash position worth about $137 million?
 Obviously we'd want to be quite cashed, we'd quite cashed the BLC's as well for pursuant
 that occurred in the quarter size.
 September, we had $137 million, and at the end of December, we now find ourselves at $245 million.
 So that's an increase of just under 108 million dollars.
 So where does that increase come from?
 with the cash operating margin that the Pilgamp plan was able to generate, represents about
 that just under $116 million will be quartered.
 We're also, through the trunks that we sold at Nagarjuna,
 you know, 90G is still in ramp-up and commissioning phase.
 We actually still generate a positive cash flow of about $2 million
 the sale of the 3,600 tons from that sector to the operation.
 Capital spend across the business was about 20, just under $27 million, and that's obviously
 money spent on the pilgrim plan improvements, on the restart of the mega-jewel operation
 the commission and also on the official waste mining that's currently being undertaken.
 But that was largely offset by the drawdown of debt.
 So, during the quarter, we took the opportunity to increase our debt facility with our banks
 by U.S. $20 million.
 That was done deliberately to help us fund the restart of the
 So that year's $20,000 agreement was signed, signed up during the quarter and the money
 had fallen down in December and that was about $27 million Australian dollars.
 We also paid about $2 million in interest costs from a debt, and we also paid a cash
 cash sweep under these adept facilities
 that to you at $2 million as well.
 So, at the end of the quarter, we end up with about $240,000 of cash, and that represents
 represents a net transition to net of debt of around about $68 million.
 So clearly, this corner has been a significant, significant
 people would come in, and prices would come in a much, much
 from that point of position.
 Thank you.
 at the start of the quarter.
 The one downside, if you like, for the quarter, from a financial point of view, is the interoperating
 cost. So the yield operating cost clearly has been impacted by the challenging operating
 environment that we face during the quarter.
 and was U.S. 597, at home,
 which is about a unit 140 to a tonne higher than the unit operating cost for the September
 quarter.
 So that increase of $142, about $56, U.S. $56,
 that really relates to royalty. So, obviously, if the selling price environment is going up,
 We are paying a much higher royalty, so that $56 of that increase will allow us to
 the fact that we are having to pay high royalties as a result of receiving a high selling price.
 The remaining $86 is really attributable to the fact that we're generally lower levels
 this by any concentrate production.
 Next.
 Yes.
 It really wasn't as a result of trying to shut down, to facilitate the time of the time
 project that's built now. We had some unplanned dance home events to
 maintenance and equipment issues that need to be rectified. We always end up with a lower
 recovery as mentioned.
 This is really due to the fact that the old feed being presented to the part wasn't as
 as optimal as it should be, and then we were also impacted by the fact that there's just
 the lack of money production and maintenance personnel
 in the market, which impacts how the operation gets run.
 Now, if I think about those trust increases,
 You know, I think unique to the challenges that we're trying to find things.
 I don't think that it makes it fairly something which is going to be a permanent increase.
 And other than the higher-order costs, which are linked to the seven-person aspect,
 taste and as we, as we achieve that production from the operations that
 those costs will come back to the levels that we had gone to previously.
 As Darryl mentioned before, we are currently undertaking a review of our production, and
 and we need to provide our production guidance.
 and if there is any impact of that production going on,
 in the costume please, we will put it next to you,
 making up exposure at the same time in late February when we released our half year accounts.
 So I think that's everything I wanted to go through, so can I
 Mark my hand back to you.
 Thank you, Brian. Thank you, Gail. A bit more commentary about the market in advance for
 into a little bit of detail about the pricing environment, but I think it's particularly
 important to explain how that works so that you have a greater understanding of the opportunities
 that the current market represents.
 Obviously, given where Christ has got to, there is a growing disconnect between the
 available supply and surging demand.
 certain demands driven by, you know, all those things that represent opportunity and electrifying
 and their global economy that he's looking on,
 batteries are now treated, hence the growth in demand.
 On the supply side, without wanting to put words in other producers' mouths, I don't
 I think their experience is necessarily
 difference to build our minerals.
 it is tough to bring on additional capacity
 in an environment where you were previously being punished,
 very low pricing environment have meant that every producer has slowed down.
 So, I think it's highly likely that on the supply side there will be challenges and it's
 probably the case that the supplier response is already being photostated. So it's against
 that challenging environment that the price is surging and it's kind of perverse but for
 for the very time raising the silver mineral
 a challenging production core that you are likely to see as part of the increase because
 the supply response is insufficient.
 I hope that makes sense.
 on
 rising itself and delving into a little bit of the detail.
 Flaks reported China domestic pricing in battery grade lithium carbonate of 386,000 yuan, so
 a metric term, lithium carbon and equivalent basis.
 So that's over USD $60,000 per tonne in China.
 Now people will tend to want to dismiss that type because it's, I think, somewhat unbearably
 described as a spot price.
 So what's actually being discovered in that price survey is the real price being paid
 by the same relationship by a long-term seller and a long-term buyer who are constantly renegotiating
 the cross and volume.
 So what it is, I think what it represents, is the real part of the chemical conversion
 industry received in China, bearing in mind that China is the world's largest lithium
 raw materials market.
 And I think all the evidence points to that part being a real part because it's also driving
 international pricing, which typically has longer dated contracts. But international
 is already approaching 50,000 US dollars a ton.
 So for those that want to characterize it as a spot size, I think that's a little bit
 of the mutual representation, it is the part that the chemical conversion industry receives.
 Why is that important? This is where the project means to provide those, ultimately, have this
 in the sun and I think filter minerals is particularly well-clothed in that
 environment. What it means is that if a chemical converter is receiving $60,000
 the 60,000 US dollars a ton for their for their battery grade carbonate if you
 They deduct the VAT and they deduct the cost of chemical conversion.
 They have approximately $50,000 left to spend on their raw materials.
 $50,000 left to spend on their raw material.
 I wish.
 is obviously a key component.
 What that means is that the chemical conversion industry can pay a lot more for germane and
 And in my view, they likely will, because there is no alternative.
 They already have chemical conversion capacity, of which there is oodles in China, but there
 with insufficient spojomane to backfill the chemical conversion
 capacity. The net effect of all that is that they will pass their margin upstream, which
 which means Benjamin pricing is already very strong,
 but in my view, likely to get stronger.
 And I know everyone thinks that sounds like a pretty extraordinary scenario, but how to think about this?
 It's not iron ore.
 Benjamin is not I nor
 Podiumene and its derivative chemicals are part of an industrial mineral supply chain
 and turning into a specialty chemical supply chain for which
 Most players will already be contractually bound.
 biocontractually bound to cell chemicals,
 So a cathode material flyer or a cell mica might be in China that equally, probably Japan
 in Korea.
 They aren't contractually bound, but they don't have the raw material.
 and what that means is that they will pay virtually anything for the raw material.
 So, the dynamic that I'm describing is one that's very different to what most people
 might be used to in natural resources market because, you know, if you took iron ore as
 example, that's a very large liquid pool of available products. That's not what's
 represented by an industrial mineral supply chain where people have built
 build chemical facilities to match a combination of input raw material feed for a defined quality
 or customized, probably along with data custom and downstream.
 So all those dynamics create something that's very unusual in the thriving world when there's such a bad disconnect between available supply and surging demand.
 And so that's what's going on in supply domain markets.
 Quite incredible.
 I think silver minerals is really well-closed.
 were probably outperformed as it relates to project three,
 in the December quarter.
 And the March quarter is already looking very, very strong.
 So we've got it for between $2,600 and $3,000 U.S. dollar per ton CIF China on a 6% budget
 mean basis, because we see lithium chemical
 strides in being very strong, which
 to represent a key tag to our Fodginine pride.
 So yeah, incredible time, but nonetheless,
 silver minerals will be having its dye in the sun.
 So that's the detail in the sports domain market.
 The other means by which we look to take advantage of that is through the BMX platform.
 And then in the next platform, we'll typically handle access products from our Philgan-Gora
 of production, most of which is coming through the growth in overdue production, which is
 coming. We've only been producing through the HMS circuit so far. We're continuing to
 the way that and the flow-pation circuit with the expectation that the flow-pation circuit
 start during the latter part of the current quarter.
 In which case, we should have more price available for the BMX platform and we're looking forward
 to the parts of gallery that that flushes out.
 So, to close, in summary, it's a challenge bringing on the two plants and the expanded
 entities that they represent, especially in light of the type labour market that WA currently
 stuff is from. We're all looking forward to the board is
 opening because it's ultimately it should provide some relief to those tight
 labor market conditions.
 So this week, we'll start with a challenge in quarter.
 It's not just children, you know, the experience, we expect that just every resources company
 is going through similar issues, including the other lithium
 and raw material provides.
 What does that point to do?
 While it points to the listing part, constrained supply,
 which points to probably a lot of fraud.
 We think we are really well placed to take advantage of that in the coming quarters.
 I'm confident in the team and their ability to bring on the remaining capacity in which
 because we will have a very, very good year.
 Rachel, I'm going to throw it back to you.
 I'm sure there will be 20 of interesting questions on the phone call, but equally some that will come out of their webcast.
 So, yeah, look forward to people's questions.
 Thank you, Rachel.
 Thank you.
 If you wish to ask a question, please press star one on your telephone and wait for your name.
 be announced. If you wish to cancel your request please press star 2 if you are on a speaker
 Finally, please pick up the handset to ask your questions.
 Your first question comes to Al-Habi from Daisy Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 I'm sorry.
 You go Ken and Tane.
 This is a couple from me.
 perhaps just starting with the recovery across Gilgengora.
 Just wondering, with Nagaji, when do you think what's
 kind of the expected maximum recovery you'll be able to get there once you bring the floats
 online and what sort of timing do you think we might be able to see that across?
 Yes, Al, yes, in the detail there,
 And we're compromised by the new equipment being brought on as part of the improvements
 project and the effect of a less than optimal blend so that we experience recovery at Pilgan
 and it's for the 65% versus 75%.
 at magnitude
 The recovery is materially lower while we're using chop the HMS circuit with the transitional
 So, normally, 30% recovery until we bring on the fluctuation period.
 tag recovery
 So knowing you over time with a fully optimized circuit is likely in the order of high 60s 70%
 as compared to Pilgan being 75% for argument sake.
 Yeah, that's really helpful, thanks, Ken.
 Secondly, just on the FIDs for P680 and P1000, just I'm wondering how long after FID,
 If they are successful, good works begin, given the tight labour market you're seeing,
 and just any commentary you have on the hit, perhaps percentage increases in capex, you've
 and same relative to block study.
 Yeah.
 I'll try to answer that.
 as well into the timing around starting
 the infecution of the project,
 That's it for today.
 The good news is that the P6A could be fairly quick in that project.
 in this circuit. So the function of engineering, timing, long late, anything construction could
 Excuse me, it's been six months.
 starting as soon as six months prior to this I.D.
 we wouldn't expect likely the ramp up of that
 So maybe nine to 12 months, as far as I do.
 on that slide so you can follow.
 of the tram on leads is to capital increase and cost increases.
 We've definitely observed escalation across the board with the WA environment, steel prices
 of the log.
 We haven't translated that through quite yet,
 that you can project, but of course we will do that at the FID decision to answer your
 question.
 No.
 So just maybe with the P1000, do you think that will have a longer build time frame
 After your body, just give that to the speaker.
 One of the questions we haven't resolved yet is actually the staging of that particular
 particular part of the expansion, it's potential that we might choose to forward order long
 leads and the long leads for both those two extensions really drives the
 critical parts, not so much. And now I'm going to have you, I like it, it's more
 long leads.
 And if it relates to other community areas,
 We already have the HPDR for that circuit.
 So for us, it would be really around looking at full mill,
 calming and avoiding all the other things that will help us potentially to moosh really
 quickly with that one.
 All right, thanks, thanks, Dal.
 I can just make one last one in, just wondering if you guys have a rough, um, split of, um,
 of the pilvers product that goes into hydroxide,
 with the COV-9 converters and whether or not
 We've been trying substantially since we've been saying they figure increases in carbonite
 crossing with the hard yop-yop-yop?
 Yeah, our customers, the contracted customers, do a mix of both, so it's very difficult to determine
 exactly how much goes into the carbonate chemical sweeteners like oxalate, but to
 be honest in today's environment, you can be ambivalent about it because any primary
 hydroxide produced, i.e. straight from sodium and hydroxide is probably twisting hydroxide
 to carbonate, a very low cost process of carbonation to take advantage of the carbonate price.
 So, and actually, in this game of things,
 doing that for roughly the same cost as the cost of chemical conversion is covered in any way
 because the primary hydroxide route would typically be a bit cheaper.
 So, from our point of view, we're not overly fast, kind of on one way or the other, we're
 ultimately banked due, but given the height differential between carbon and hydroxide,
 that very much are likely market response to seeing how drugs are caught in it.
 Thanks, Ken. Thanks very much, guys. Appreciate it.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from Mitch Ryan from Debris.
 My head.
 Thank you very much for speaking with us tonight.
 But this one is one of the things that we're going to do.
 I'm sorry, I always get these folks with us and so we
 ramping up everything, but that's sort of the primary.
 and the other products that I look for you to be in the platform.
 So that's what I'm going to be in the video.
 Thank you.
 Thanks.
 I don't know if you think I will be in here tonight, but we'll see you.
 Yeah, good question.
 and it's hard to disagree with the logic that there is a more volume and a more
 points that are established on such a platform to better the combination of
 Thanks for watching, guys.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 and market development for more sophisticated market tools to emerge, so broadly speaking
 where support is of oven and drink is that creates more product pricing on things like
 to be a next platform.
 so we're very open to those discussions.
 I want to apologize to you that those discussions, you know, are already underway.
 It's like a very, very logical model to deploy and the industry is absolutely crying out for
 the stronger price transparency. So in line with that, I guess you wouldn't necessarily
 looking for a commercial benefit, a material commercial benefit, it would be more about
 I think that's a good thing.
 all players involved, I guess. That's right, right inside all boats, so yeah, it's pretty
 much that logic and ultimately it's going to be good for the market as a whole to get
 more specific added to the pricing methodology out there.
 that's so much in the commercial potential in that model.
 just forward participation across all products and any fact children or minerals itself is also
 to put more pride points on the platform.
 by varying exposure main grades and other time,
 midstream products and who knows, maybe our own lithium chemical for the time.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from Jack Gabb from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
 Thanks. Bye, Kennedy. Just a couple of questions from me.
 Lastly, just on the labour challenges in particular respect to some of the stripping, I guess this
 this year was going to be a bit of a catch-up year for stripping right.
 I'm just going to pose a challenge at some point that is it going to create a bottleneck
 for you as you look to expand, or you've got quite a lot of headway on that, and I just
 Thank you so much.
 We'll see you next time.
 Yeah, Jack, a couple of introductory comments on that subject and I'll hand it to Dale.
 Um, yeah, you're right, this year is all about catch-ups and we had about, sort of,
 15 to 18 months worth of some higher-than-life-of-mine strips to catch up. That's necessitated
 I think more sleep and
 Largely, it's been constrained by life also, so that's part of the challenge.
 I'll train you if you want a hit.
 The only thing I would add is with the acquisition of Altru presents small opportunities in
 the back fist at all, so there's a heap of material to move by this movement, but we
 We're doing a multiple of the areas to draw from.
 So, that puts us in various mind-friends pictures.
 That's all I have.
 Thank you.
 Perfect.
 And then just one on typing.
 You give us a sense of the range, I guess, of your pricing that you actually receive across your contracts, ignoring the BMX for a second, within your guidance.
 And then secondly, within that guidance as well,
 Are you including any material volumes on the BMX platform at this point?
 Thank you.
 the question for, in fact, what we've described in the quarterly 2,600 to 3,000 U.S. dollars
 represents an estimate of contracted pricing based on what we see today. So it's only contracted
 pricing, excludes, whatever might yet occur on the DMX platform.
 And I might just add that it is probably risk to further outside of the function of
 of the speed with which chemicals have accelerated.
 Oh, yeah, sorry, the first question.
 Actually, it's a relatively taught contract crossing
 across the cost of my growth.
 It's really...
 no material difference emerging in respect to all the various pricing models.
 but they pretty much have proctomated each other.
 within a couple of hundred dollars, you know, of each individual contract, and I do the area at
 time, because I do use a lot of different pricing, modeling, but it's in the detail.
 They all reference lithium, or typically all reference
 in chemical, potentially in a slightly different way than the net outcome of the pricing. It's
 That's really helpful.
 That's really helpful. Thanks so much. I'll leave it at that.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from Peter Kerr from the Australian Financial Review. Please go ahead.
 Yeah, I can. Thanks for your time. I'm just wondering on the border. I assume you're not going to join the exodus of all the other
 of WA-based CEOs who are coming in.
 And secondly, with the February 5th delay,
 Did that upend any plans you had in terms of, you know, did you have particular markets
 on the East Coast, you were targeting as of 5th to 6th.
 And yeah, how do you sort of cope now with that,
 with that sort of indefinite certainty.
 Yeah, if you question Tito in the Brisbane Household with the Board of 30th�ShotPosts,
 go pretty far given kids and their locations and the desire to catch up with them.
 With respect to work, no, it's not my intention to merge the Melbourne or Sydney money constant
 constant and did it disrupt plans? Well, it's an indirect impact of the border that it constrains
 short-term laser supplies, but that actually gets to the heart of a lot of the issues that
 that we've been dealing with, especially while we're ramping up the two plants.
 When something breaks, or when we go to do it, a shutdown,
 You typically can't get the labour, at least not in the way we used to, to create the peak
 that's required to get the jobs done quickly.
 So a shutdown that should have taken 36 hours takes, you know, takes 72 and a, you know,
 and formal coupling takes sort of 56 hours to fix when it should have taken 24, you know that type of thing.
 That's really one of the key issues, and in our contractors, our mining contractors feel it as well.
 They typically have a slightly higher sort of transitory work force, and they're highly mobile.
 And what's happening now is everyone's fishing from the same pool in that contrasted space.
 And it's leading to lots of challenges accessing labor and hanging on to labor for our contractors.
 So yeah, it's the board that's been continuing to close,
 create challenges in there.
 keep personnel and the extent to which our contractors can retain their personnel.
 So, yeah, it's a big issue.
 As soon as I've ordered I turn and we get the mobility back in the workforce is really the key.
 And so presumably you think the negative impact of those labour challenges is greater than
 the code impact will be when it starts spreading through your workforce, you know, as it is over here.
 Definitely some risk to the reduction environment, the WA mining company,
 It's not too bad, but that should be relatively transitory.
 Try measuring not here a couple months, not six or twelve months.
 be unscathed.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from Adam Baker from Global Mining Research. Please go ahead.
 Did I get in the plane?
 Yeah, just a question on the demand, right?
 It's been about the best rate at 1.18%.
 Just wondering, you know, what your mind plan is saying about, you know, coming back to
 meet with those grades, you know, how far off are we from that.
 Yeah, good question to you, Adam.
 It was originally clear historically that Kilgan or the original Kilgan-Gore operation
 and we're always mining a slightly higher grade
 to four years roughly, um, of production.
 That's not the function of the way they all present at Bill Gangora, so nothing particularly
 It's a tricky day.
 From the lower, we're doing it great.
 It also has resulted from the addition of the Southpict, i.e. the former L2R operations,
 which again was always a lower reserve grade than the original Bill Gingora reserve grade.
 So that also explains some of the gap.
 So we've got another year or two where there's slightly elevated grades, and then they'll
 after a bit more to the to the reserve norm.
 Sure, thanks, sir.
 I'll see you in a second.
 I'll be back in a month.
 Yeah, you mentioned that uh, you know, there's gonna be the potential reviews gotten so the hoppy result and every
 I'm guessing there'll be some impact to the second half, one and two years, twenty-two
 guidance but just wondering how likely this is the impact on target at 540 to 580,000
 on the spot drops by mid-year.
 Yeah, more discussion to come, even though we've got about another four weeks prior to the half-year results.
 With several things going through, I'm on there.
 and the next three or legs will probably be formative.
 So the first is the effect of continued plant growth.
 There's been gaps between the historical production at, you know, $330,000 in squadron
 main concentrate pumps, and continue to where we're going, 580,000 supply to main concentrate
 pumps per annum. And our guidance is sensitive to the speed with which we can bring on that capacity.
 So, we really need another three or four weeks to see how it goes with the plants and, and
 The work that's already happened and integrating the accommodation of new equipment, especially
 where we're bringing on the flotation circuit.
 So that's part one.
 That's an absolute production capacity by 490,000 tons.
 Well, yeah, I'm still confident about hitting that run-rate in the middle of the year as
 the function of both tracks and their performance.
 So the thing we're tempted to do is the remaining ramp-up.
 Lastly, it's worth while mentioning the borders and COVID, you know, there's obvious community
 transmission going on here now. Mining companies are going to start fueling that. So we are
 to what that impact might be. Now indirectly, it's already hurt us because we struggle to
 to get paid people, as I described, but it's possible there's also a production impact
 from the community transmission and how that relates to our available workforce.
 Sorry.
 Give us another three or four weeks mate and we'll know that largely cleared up and we'll
 to provide more definitive guide.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. There are no further telephone questions. It's time.
 I'll now hand over to Nicholas Reid for any webcast questions.
 Thanks, Rachel. We have a number of questions that have been logged online to the team here.
 some questions from John Beckwith. He says, could you please expand on the company's strategy
 and the initiatives that have been put in place to deal with the current skills and
 and lighter challenges and risks in WI.
 Yeah, good question John. And yes, of course, there has already been actually significant response.
 So the first thing is to have taken on some of the challenges, so filter and minerals
 has commenced its own mining fleet.
 And the logic in doing that, it's multi-faceted,
 But one of the key drawbacks is the relative accessibility
 of long-term employees, five to four minerals,
 as compared to our contractors.
 That's all there with the way the workforce works here in WA.
 Most employees, not all, but most employees would say longer term employment with an
 established company is safe a bit and I think we'll try on the benefits of being involved
 in the new economy in mind.
 material, which is seen as the future, and hence that that brand has a better attraction
 and retention status. So that's the key thing that we've taken on ourselves and so far so good.
 that we haven't had too many dramas,
 accessing to people, ourselves, but certainly a contractor's job.
 There has also been work done with respect to retention, so for example, the way we pay
 Our people, the bonuses, the net benefits, we've done work on our camp, you know, there's
 things that have happened that should have the desired effect of both attracting and
 training people over time.
 With respect to our contractors, we've done a bit more serving of these thinking with
 them, the guy in the role is, you know, the camp, and in certain circumstances, so why
 they're incentivised with abuse of helping attract and retain people.
 The one key challenge which we still haven't really broken the back of is the peak laser
 that I describe when you need a large number of the personnel to shut down and or break
 That is an area that's still all concerned, and again, not a challenge that we're dealing
 with on our own. It's a very broad issue for the mining companies here in WA generally.
 I hope that makes sense, John.
 Thanks Ken, two others from John, he asked for full back in the share price over the
 last week or so, how much of that has been attributed to the overall global market correction
 and how much to invest to concern about the risks and challenges that have been discussed
 And secondly, can you update our song, how the company is thinking about dividend policy
 given the strong forms of financial aid in that price and time.
 Um, so, well, we just expect to, um,
 I think it's a lot to try to be along with the views.
 I don't think there's anything particularly special that's gone on there that relates to
 You know, specifically, it wouldn't be unusual to have a pullback when, well, when lithium
 stocks had run as hard as they had, but also taking into account broader sentiment issues
 in global markets, the spectra of inflation, you know,
 That's clearly led to a bit of a risk-off attitude,
 I would attribute most of the share price movement to that effect.
 That's it.
 Um, second question is...
 Oh, dividends, dividends. Yeah, well, as described by Dale, we have a lot of growth ahead of us,
 which we think represents a reasonable re-indentment in our business, that's important and ultimately
 It depends on what the price is.
 but cost will be one of their assessments as to whether
 that ultimately has become part of the story for the medium term. So more to be discovered
 in that regard, John, before we could do this unit is about to give it in strength.
 Then a question from Rob Clark, he says,
 with respect to your impressive balance sheet strengthening.
 Does your midstream project warrant more resources and can you look at ways to increase the speed
 it's a market-focused product.
 Also, can you please clarify the product that's being targeted directly at Chinese LFP campite makers?
 Ah, okay.
 Yeah, both good questions.
 Well, we very much liked the mid-dream product and Dale said, I think the word is something
 or a very competitive fraud or a compelling product for the market, something like that.
 I can't remember.
 Well, I agree wholeheartedly, you need the compelling product to the market, and re-cutting
 the supply chain is going to be a big part of the future of our industry because there
 There are more decent solutions.
 So, we're working about a part in as fast as we can on that project, I'm really happy
 to be working with colleagues in their smart team, but it's still got engineering development
 to be undertaken. And it's very difficult to short circuit that. So more work is done
 and probably more to be said about that as we look to publish the third round of engineering
 coming with.
 So I think that's pretty much it.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from Hayden Best, a quarry, he says, he belongs to a production
 Target.
 the expansion still for possibly one million tons per annum, or have you made some changes
 amongst the recovery assumptions.
 And secondly, what percentage of sales in 2022 are likely to be on the BMX platform?
 Okay, yep
 Yeah, so
 Long-term production, Hayden, is still targeting beyond 1 million tonnes per annum of sports
 Again, I hope you enjoyed this video, thank you very much, and I'll see you in the next
 and broadly speaking, you know, that should happen in the period of 2000 and the latter part of 2020,
 to be part of 2024 onwards.
 There are more work to be done from an engineering and a delivery point of view, but we have
 have no doubt that Bill Gingora as a production centre has that capacity and it will be very
 important part of global supply, so you get very much to do in the future.
 We respect recovery.
 It's actually, no, nothing's changed.
 with respect to what we have used around recovery.
 consistent with previous commentary.
 slightly lower recoveries at Novageu, just as a function of the way that plant works in comparison to Pilgang.
 and a slightly lower head grade overall, likely to be fair to nobody over time, but recovery
 It's still a sign.
 And the procession is still a very important part of the future at Kilgan Gora Weather
 at Phil Dan or at Nagaji.
 Um, okay, I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry to take your time.
 Sorry, I'll do the very next one.
 Yeah.
 Well, there's still some uncertainty, so that's the function of how quickly we can bring on
 the remaining capacity, that knowledge you, from a production point of view, it's still
 relatively early case because we're only relying on on HMS in the transitional
 The flotation circuit construction is well advanced,
 We're into the shells now and still expecting that those shells will be fired up from a
 construction point of view is finishing off the last of the construction in the
 to align it with our floatation technique.
 And if you don't know, you can be sure to check it out.
 and song later in the month quarter.
 So then the question is how quickly we can bring that on to bring on additional capacity because it's that capacity
 and then whatever we do, stretch, fill, gain, too,
 that become excess capacity to go to the BMX platform.
 So it's difficult to be definitive, to be honest,
 about what ultimately gets sold on-spot, uh, this time.
 Once the plant is at full capacity, so 580,000 tons,
 Then, approximately 200,000 pounds of that is available, you know, at that
 our disposal to sell as we choose and at the moment we would choose to sell by
 part of the majority of that through the BMX platform,
 is causing it going to be very strong.
 The chemical conversion industry is going to get away their margin to secure a supply
 in which case spontaneous or prying will surprise the outside.
 I'll start.
 Thanks for having me, David.
 A couple of other BMX questions.
 So I'll just prove them together and apologize if we're going over the same ground here.
 that you can confirm are you expecting to be a next option this quarter?
 Yes, yes, yes, yes.
 And the second one, they all go as well with the multitude of plants.
 can you give some to the rest and bit of how many AMX sales and challenges in total with the
 be expecting for which calendar year.
 Yeah, I get similar to my previous comments about the speed with which the Nougatier plan comes on.
 I could be more definitive about once the capacity has been built out because then you
 We have approximately an option every three weeks, roughly, as represented by the total
 Thank you.
 that makes its way to the spot market.
 Great, thanks Ken. I have a question here from Mr Melsey. As the company moves relatively
 quickly to P680 and P1000. What concerns should there be or are there with shipping movements
 to market given global shipping challenges and increased costs.
 Oh, yeah.
 Well, our experience is that we don't have difficulty accessing this all, so it's enough
 trade and vessels available in our sector that we don't particularly have difficulty
 accessing the vessels themselves. It's just a host of attracting the vessels, but that's the issue.
 There has been some relief, a little bit of relief in this quora with respect to shipping
 cost.
 We take in shipping costs at about 70 to 80 US dollars a ton.
 Um, average shipping cost prior to memory were about 55 or something like that.
 I don't need to be trying.
 So it's come off slightly, which is indicative of more
 that we'll think about a little bit.
 I can't find the point.
 It's not, try not to, that you can't get a vessel, it's just the cost of the vessel itself.
 Thank you, Ken. Just a couple of market related questions to wrap up. First one is from Mr
 He asked if he could offer some commentary on the impact on the media market of some
 recent developments we've seen, for instance, the Rio Tinto project in Serbia and also some
 of the political changes in Chile and with any potential repercussions of those developments
 the lithium spark.
 I don't think it comes to mind and no disrespect to the analyst community, but it's easy to put supply numbers in a pressure.
 it's not so easy to liquid them on the ground.
 By the time you're doing that, a lot more complexity is coming to play.
 Um, he said it's from, from Silver, uh, the, uh,
 He's bringing you an additional capacity.
 we will have experience with the, you know, it's not,
 We're not on our path alone.
 Bringing on sports and main supply
 and lithium units globally is challenging.
 And especially when you think about the combination of
 volume, volume growth, and quality. And each of those are going to be overestimated in
 in which case markets will continue to be tight for quite some time.
 We've heard many analysts say over the years that the lithium markets will be over-supplied.
 There's plenty of lithium in the world, but there's not plenty of lithium in the world
 that fits the right combination of location, quality of supply, accessibility of infrastructure
 the right jurisdictions that don't otherwise suffer from geopolitical challenges, yeah,
 I mean, it's a complex world of an industrial mineral supply chain that doesn't want to
 the complex that naturally is.
 in one final one, it's a reminded question
 I have a good one to wrap up on.
 This gentleman said, magic power manufacturers are talking big numbers for AV production
 through to 2030.
 there enough lithium to achieve those reduction falls at us?
 I don't want to be triced, but car makers have been asleep at the wheel.
 They haven't been paying enough attention to the raw materials supplied in battery
 all materials in the last five years and it's coming back to haunt them because insufficient
 in 10 years was placed in the market when it was really required and especially in that
 a few years, three or five years ago, to get to where we need to be today. So not enough
 capital flowing upstream?
 not enough to feed these offtake agreements
 that tie up the supply chain.
 not enough interconnected agreements
 that motivate the supply chain to be interconnected.
 Each of those things represents a serious challenge to the industry that should have been solved
 some years ago, but now needs to be solved and will take some years to get right.
 Excellent. Thanks, Ken. That's all for me.
 Thank you, and you're welcome.
 and block where we're all done.
 Thank you, that does conclude our conference for today.
 Thank you for participating.
 You may now disconnect.