Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Pilbara Minerals December 2021 quarterly investor conference call and webcast. All participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation followed by a question and answer session. If you wish to ask a question via the phones, you will need to press the star key followed by the number one on your telephone keypad. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ken Brinsden, Managing Director and CEO. Please go ahead. Thank you, Rachel, and welcome to everybody joining on the call and welcome to those participating via the webcast, especially those shareholders that have taken the time to join in. Much appreciated. Here in the third Pilbara Minerals head office, I'm joined by Dale Henderson, our Chief Operating Officer, and Brian Lin, Chief Financial Officer, both of whom you will hear from during the call. Also in the office here with us, Alistair Seward, Chief Commercial Officer, General Counsel, and David Hannan, Investor Relations Specialist. Thanks to everyone for joining. Well, the backdrop to the quarterly call is one of strong demand, accelerating price, and in part, Pilbara Minerals responding, albeit with some production challenges evident, especially during the end of the quarter. We've been continuing to work on the acceleration of Pilgangora production, and a very, very busy quarter as we started production at the Nuggetoo plant, that is, to remind you, the former Altura facilities, and we brought on the Pilgang plant improvements project, which is complete and now fully tied in, and we continue to ramp up the production at the Pilgang plant. In support of all that, a lot more site activity, and that includes relatively significant growth in mining volumes, which you can see in the production tables within the quarterly, albeit still having to go higher as we support production growth, both in the short and the medium term. And customers obviously want more product. You can see that with respect to pricing. Pricing is quite incredible, and that's something that I'll come back to talk to in more detail during our commentary. Yet incredible results on our BMX platform with respect to spot sales. Very, very strong pricing, especially in China, which is just reminding everyone is the world's largest lithium raw materials market, and that's now spreading to international markets with pricing hitting record highs virtually every week, and that's translating very well to spodumene, which is part of what, again, I'll explain in more detail, the reference prices at a headline lithium chemicals price and how that's playing into the value in the spodumene, I'm going to explain in a bit more detail there so that you understand some of the dynamics in the market. The ramp-up in production continues, albeit slower than we would like. Just to remind everyone, we're taking Pilgangora production from approximately 330,000 spodumene concentrate tons per annum to 580,000 spodumene concentrate production, big production growth, and with that have come some challenges. But as always, the Pilbara Minerals team is working incredibly hard and carries some fantastic skills that we've learned over the years about how to bring that production on. Still targeting 580,000 spodumene concentrate tons by the run rate by the middle of this year. However, both plants are still in their ramp-up phase, and it's that issue combined with the effects of difficulties in the labour market and then more recently community distribution of the COVID virus here in Western Australia that means there is some risk to our ability to produce as hard and as fast as we would like. But nonetheless, a lot of work going on as I said, and the Pilbara Minerals team carries all the right skills to make it happen, and we're obviously doing the best that we can. The POSCO downstream joint venture was executed during the quarter, and we're now going through the completion criteria for the final formation of the joint venture. In parallel, POSCO themselves have started the early works at the Wanyar site, and they've confirmed that they'll start the significant construction works during the current quarter. So we're looking forward to their progress over approximately the next two years as we head towards Pilbara Minerals' first hydroxide production in joint venture with POSCO. So coming up, Dale will explain a bit more about what we're up to in both production and as we ramp up the plant and also production growth to the medium term. And Ryan will follow up with some more commentary about cash flow generation and a little bit of a follow-up to the cost story. So on that note, Dale, over to you. Thanks again, and good morning, everyone. I'll offer my commentary on three parts. Firstly, a little bit about the operations. A quick touch on the reserve update that we did during the quarter, and then to finish, I'll provide some info into the projects space and the expansion plans which we've got coming up. So to go with operations, as Ken describes, it's been a great quarter bringing on two operations, ramping them, starting to ramp those up both simultaneously. So a growing quarter, but we've definitely had some growing pains, and Ken mentioned the labour shortages which are happening across the state. Pilbara has not been immune to that, and we have found some of those pains end-to-end through our operation. That being said, the quarter delivered fairly solid production at 84,000 tonnes at the low end of our guidance, recovery 62% average across both operations. Again, slightly below where we wanted it to be. Now stepping through the other sets of the operation, from a mining perspective, it was a quarter of us moving more waste. That added to the plan, but not quite the volumes we wanted to achieve. Again, a function of some of the labour shortages that our mining contractor has seen. One of the consequences of this was slightly compromised ore in terms of feed or to the plant, which translated through to slightly lower recovery in the plant. So a consequence around mining movement. As part of the response to mining, during the quarter, Pilbara instigated our own mine fleet and mobilised our own small owner-operator fleet to support the South Pit operation, which principally serves the Nudgee plant. So we keep that on during the quarter and I'm pleased to report that that started well. Moving from mining and stepping into each of the processing plants. So with Pilgan, processing for the quarter averaged 65% recovery versus the plan of 35%. As mentioned earlier, slightly off where we wanted it to be. The improvement projects package, which is the default on entry project for that plant, with construction complete, commissioned and really just moving through an optimisation phase as we look to ramp up and increase throughput through that operation. From a colliery state, it's higher than we wanted to be, a consequence of increased mine movements, some mine contract performance challenges that I mentioned, and in the plant space, the ore feed being slightly off where we wanted and some delays around commissioning for both plants, including some extended shutdown. So, and in summary, quite a few contributing factors playing through to a cost impact. And Brian will speak to this in a little bit more detail later in his section. So moving from Pilgan processing plants and now speaking to Nuggetoo, the December quarter was the quarter where we had the ignition switch, so to speak. First concentrate from the core circuit coming through in early October. And that operation, we're moving it through a staged ramp up with quartz and cook first float to follow. Float circuit, we're on track to effectively start that ignition switch of the circuit in this quarter. So ramp up slower than what we wanted it to be. Some maintenance issues contributing there, but all said and done, good to get the wheels turning and production starting to flow from that operation. Last thing on the off-supply update, production guidance, you'll note from our update that given the labour challenges and some of the ramp up challenges we've had, we're commencing a review and we'll look to revise our guidance under our half-yearly results when they come out in due course. I think it completes for the off-supply update. Moving to part of two on the reserve, just a note there that during the quarter, we did do a significant reserve upgrade. So this was a combination of bringing in the Altura reserve and resource into the 50 Pilbara Minerals one. So putting in an increased 47% upgrade from the prior year to 162 million tonnes. So huge reserve upgrade, which of course supports the ramp up we're doing and the progressive expansion plans. So lastly, the expansion plans, where are we at? So historically, we talked about expansion in terms of stage two and incremental stages of stage two. We've dropped that naming convention and chose to revert to a more simplified labelling for everyone's benefit. The P6A project is now

called, is the next incremental expansion beyond the ramp up that we're in the thick of at the moment. So this would provide 100,000 tonnes additional to our total production capacity, bringing us up to 280,000 tonnes per annum. Where are we at with this project? We're in the closing stages of study work and targeting an FID in the June quarter, all going well. Beyond that is the P1000 expansion project, which is, as the name suggests, stepping up to 100,000 kilotons per annum in aggregate production from the operations and we're targeting an FID for that expansion in the December quarter this year. And last but certainly not least is the midstream project, which, to remind everyone, is the production of the value-added high-purity lithium chemical salts. The scoping study is in a finalisation stage at the moment. We're also completing the economic evaluation for that and looking to announce that in the coming weeks. Beyond that scoping study announcement, we're positively disposed to moving forward with that project with our partners Calix, ultimately to commercialise that project and that approach and bring what we think is a superior product to market. So watch this space and we look forward to updating on that accordingly. So that's a wrap of the Ulce Reverb and projects. And at this point I'll hand over to Brian. Thanks very much, Darlene, and good morning or good afternoon everyone. If I think about the financial impact of the quarter that we just had, I sort of put it in sort of three different aspects. One is obviously a very, very positive price environment, very strong operating margins generated, but with some of the operating challenges that Fowlers has just gone through, we've obviously had some impact in terms of higher unit operating costs. In terms of the physical, we've produced just over 83,000 tonnes of spodumene concentrate and sold about 75,000 tonnes of concentrate that was produced on the Pilgand plant and about 3,600 tonnes of concentrate that was produced from the Magajew plant. So that's, it's only an increase in inventory of about 5,000 tonnes and we closed the quarter with closing stocks of about 16,000 tonnes, which represents about half a month's worth of production. In terms of price and operating margin now, I think everyone's aware there's been quite an extraordinary improvement in pricing over the last quarter and we averaged a price of somewhere between US$1,750 and US$1,800 a tonne on an SC6 basis. And just as a reminder, that compares to pricing of $850 to $900 a tonne that we achieved for September. So that's quite an extraordinary uplift in pricing. So with that pricing environment, clearly, we'll generate a much stronger operating margin. So our margin was about US$1,150 per dry metric tonne for each of the tonnes sold from Pilgand, the 75,000 tonnes from Pilgand. So with that strong operating margin, there's been a significant increase in the company's cash position. So the September cash position was about US$137 million. And that obviously, with all the cash flow, the LC's as well, will push it into the quarter. So September, we had US$137 million and at the end of December, we now find ourselves at US$245 million. So that's an increase of just under US$108 million. So where has that increase come from? So the cash operating margin at the Pilgand plant was able to generate represents about just under US$116 million for the quarter. We also, through the tonnes that we sold at Magajew, even though Magajew is still in ramp up and commissioning phase, we actually still generated a positive cash flow of about US$2 million from the sale of the 3,600 tonnes from that particular operation. Capital spent across the business was about just under US$27 million. And that's obviously money spent on the Pilgand plant improvements, on the restart of the Magajew operation and commissioning, and also on the visual waste mining that's currently being undertaken. But that was largely offset by the drawdown of debt. So during the quarter, we took the opportunity to increase our debt facility with our banks by US$20 million. And that was done deliberately to help us fund the restart of the Magajew operation. So that US$20 million agreement was signed up during the quarter, and the monies were drawn down in December. And that was represented by US$27 million. We also paid about US$2 million in interest costs on the debt. And we also paid a cash sweep under the debt facility of about US$2 million as well. So at the end of the quarter, we ended up with about US$245 million of cash. And that represents a net cash position, so net of debt, of around about US$68 million. So clearly, this quarter has been a significant quarter for the company, and places the company in a much, much stronger financial position than we were at the start of the quarter. The one downside, if you like, from a financial point of view is the unit operating cost. So the unit operating cost clearly has been impacted by the challenging operating environment that we faced during the quarter. And was US$597 a tonne, which was about US$142 a tonne higher than the unit operating cost for the September quarter. So that increase of $142, about US$56 of that, really relates to royalties. So obviously, if the selling price environment is going up, we are paying a much higher royalty. So that US$56 of that increase related solely through the fact that we are having to pay higher royalties as a result of receiving a high selling price. The remaining $82 is really attributable to the fact that we're generating lower levels of spodumene concentrate production. This, as I say, really was as a result of plant shutdowns to facilitate the tie-in of the plant improvement project at Pilgrim. We had some unplanned downtime events due to maintenance and equipment issues that needed to be rectified. We also ended up with a lower recovery, as mentioned. This is really due to the fact that the ore feed being presented to the plant wasn't as optimal as it should be. And then we were also impacted by the fact that there's just a lack of mining production and maintenance personnel in the market, which impacts how the operation gets run. Now, if I think about those types of increases, they are, I think, unique to the challenges that we're currently facing. I don't think they are necessarily something which is going to be a permanent increase. And other than the higher royalty costs, which are linked to the selling price, my expectation is as we achieve a decent production from the operations, that those costs will come back to the levels that we had garnered previously. As Dale mentioned before, we are currently undertaking a review of our production and whether we need to provide our production guidance. And if there is any impact of that production guidance on unit costs, we will make that disclosure at the same time in late February when we release our half-year accounts. So I think that's everything I wanted to go through. So can I hand back to you? Yes, thank you, Brian. Thank you, Dale. A bit more commentary about the market and in particular the volume in advance. We'll delve into a little bit of detail about the pricing environment, but I think it's particularly important to explain how that works so that you have a greater understanding of the opportunities that the current market represents. Obviously, given where prices got to, there is a growing disconnect between available supply and surging demand. Surging demand is driven by all those things that represent opportunity in electrifying the global economy, with lithium-ion batteries are now key to that. So hence the growth in demand. On the supply side, without wanting to put words in other producers' mouth, I don't think their experience is necessarily any different to Pilbara Minerals. It is tough to bring on additional capacity in an environment where you were previously being punished. A very low pricing environment has meant that every producer had slowed down. So I think it's highly likely that on the supply side there will be challenges and it's probably the case that the supplier response has already been overstated. So it's against that challenging environment that the price is surging and it's kind of perverse, but for the very same reason that Pilbara Minerals had a challenging production quarter, you are likely to see pricing increase because the supplier response is insufficient. I hope that makes sense. On pricing itself and delving into a little bit of the detail, Platts reported

China domestic pricing in battery-grade lithium carbonate of 386,000 yuan per metric ton lithium carbonate equivalent basis. So that's over USD 60,000 US dollars a ton in China. Now people will tend to want to dismiss that price because it's I think somewhat unfairly described as a spot price. But what's actually being discovered in that price survey is the real price being paid by the same relationship, i.e. a long-term seller and a long-term buyer who are constantly renegotiating the price and volume. So what it is, I think what it represents is the real price that the chemical conversion industry receives in China. Bearing in mind that China is the world's largest lithium raw materials market. And I think all the evidence points to that price being a real price because it's also driving international pricing, which typically has longer dated contracts. But international pricing is already approaching US$50,000 a ton. So for those that want to characterize it as a spot price, I think that's a little bit of a misrepresentation. It is the price that the chemical conversion industry receives. But why is that important? This is where the spodumene supply ultimately has its day in the sun. And I think Pilbara Minerals is particularly well placed in that pricing environment. What it means is if a chemical converter is receiving US$60,000, over US$60,000 a ton for their battery-grade carbonate, if you deduct the VAT and you deduct the cost of chemical conversion, they have approximately US$50,000 left to spend on their raw materials. US$50,000 left to spend on their raw materials, of which spodumene is obviously a key component. What that means is that the chemical conversion industry can pay a lot more for spodumene, and in my view, they likely will, because there is no alternative. They already have chemical conversion capacity, of which there is oodle in China, but there is insufficient spodumene to backfill the chemical conversion capacity. The net effect of all that is that they will pass their margin upstream, which means spodumene pricing is already very strong, but in my view, likely to get stronger. And I know everyone thinks that sounds like a pretty extraordinary scenario, but have a think about this. It's not iron ore. Spodumene is not iron ore. Spodumene and its derivative chemicals are part of an industrial mineral supply chain turning into a specialty chemical supply chain for which most players will already be contractually bound. They are contractually bound to sell chemicals to a cathode materials player or a cell maker, maybe in China, but equally probably Japan and Korea. They are contractually bound, but they don't have the raw material. And what that means is that they will pay virtually anything for the raw material. So the dynamic that I'm describing is one that's very different to what most people might be used to in natural resources market because if you took iron ore as an example, that's a very large liquid pool of available product. That's not what's represented by an industrial mineral supply chain where people have built purpose-built chemical facilities to match a combination of input raw material feed for a defined quality for a customized, probably a longer-dated customer downstream. So all those dynamics create something that's very unusual in the pricing world when there's such a bad disconnect between available supply and surging demand. So that's what's going on in spodumene markets, quite incredible. I think Pilbara Minerals is really well placed. We'll probably outperform as it relates to price received in the December quarter. And the March quarter is already looking very, very strong. So we've guided for between $2,600 and $3,000 US a ton CIS China on a 6% spodumene basis because we see lithium chemicals pricing being very strong, which represents a key peg to our spodumene price. So yeah, incredible times. But nonetheless, Pilbara Minerals will be having its day in the sun. So that's the detail in the spodumene market. The other means by which we look to take advantage of that is through the BMX platform. The BMX platform will typically handle excess product from our Pilgangora production, most of which is coming through the growth in overture production, which is coming. We've only been producing through the HMS circuit so far. We're continuing to chip away at that and the flotation circuit with the expectation that the flotation circuit starts during the latter part of the current quarter, in which case we should have more product available for the BMX platform. And we're looking forward to the price discovery that that flushes out. So to close, in summary, it's a challenge bringing on the two plants and the expanded capacities that they represent, especially in light of the tight labour market that WA currently suffers from. We're all looking forward to the borders opening because ultimately it should provide some relief to those tight labour market conditions. But firstly, while that was a challenging quarter, it's not just Pilbara Minerals' experience. We expect that just about every resources company is going through similar issues, including the other lithium raw material providers. What does that point to? Well, it points to a missing part in strained supply, which points to probably higher price. We think we are really well placed to take advantage of that in the coming quarters. I'm confident in the team and their ability to bring on the remaining capacity, in which case we will have a very, very good year. Rachel, I'm going to throw back to you. I'm sure there'll be plenty of interesting questions on the phone call, but equally some that will come out of our webcast. So yeah, I look forward to people's questions. Thank you, Rachel. Thank you. If you wish to ask a question, please press star one on your telephone and wait for your name to be announced. If you wish to cancel your request, please press star two. If you are on a speakerphone, please pick up the handset and ask your question. Your first question comes from Al Harvey from J.P. Morgan. Please go ahead. G'day, Ken and team. Just a couple from me. Perhaps just starting with the recovery across Pilgangora. Just wondering with Nugadu, when do you think, what's kind of the expected maximum recovery you think you'll be able to get there once you bring the floats online? And what sort of timing do you think we might be able to see that across? Yeah, Al, so in the details, Pilgangora was compromised by the new equipment being brought on as part of the improvements project and the effect of a less than optimal blend. So that we experienced recovery at Pilgangora at 65% versus 75%. At Nugadu, the recovery is materially lower while we're using just the HMS circuit with the transitional or nominally 30% recovery until we bring on the floatation circuit. Target recovery for Nugadu over time with a fully optimized circuit is likely in the order of high 60s, 70% as compared to Pilgangora being 75% for argument's sake. Yeah, that's really helpful. Thanks, Ken. Secondly, just on the FIDs for P680 and P1000, just I'm wondering how long after FID, if they are successful, could works commence given the tight labor markets you're seeing and just any commentary you have on perhaps percentage increases in CapEx you've been seeing relative to prior studies? Yeah, I'll try to answer that. Yeah, sure. I'll enter the timing around after the execution of that post-FID. The good news is that the P680 could be fairly quick. That project is effectively an expansion to the HMS circuit. So the function of engineering timing normally, we think construction could be as soon as six months, starting as soon as six months post-FID. But we wouldn't expect likely the ramp up of that for maybe nine to 12 months post-FID. That's largely driven by periods of the term long leaves. As to capital and cost increases, we've definitely observed escalation across the board in the WA environment, steel prices and the like. We haven't translated that through quite yet to the CapEx forecast for these particular projects. But of course, we will do that post-FID decision. I hope that answers your question, Al. Yeah, thanks, Dal. And just maybe with P1000, do you think that will have a longer build time?

frame after FYD? Just wondering if you guys have a rough split of Pilbara's product turned into hydroxide versus carbonate converters and whether or not that's changed substantially since we've seen these figure increases in carbonate pricing versus the hydroxide front? Yeah, our customer is a contracted customer to mix it by. So it's very difficult to determine exactly how much got into the carbonate chemical suite versus hydroxide. But to be honest, in today's environment, you could be ambivalent about it because any primary hydroxide producer, i.e. straight from spodumene to hydroxide, is probably twisting hydroxide to carbonate, a very low-cost process of carbonation to take advantage of the carbonate price. And actually, in the scheme of things, they're doing that for roughly the same cost as the cost of chemical conversion to carbonate anyway because the primary hydroxide route would typically be a bit cheaper. So from our point of view, we're not overly fussed kind of one way or the other. We're ultimately banked and sued. But given the price differential between carbonate and hydroxide, that's very much a likely market response, twisting hydroxide to carbonate. Thanks, Kim. Thanks very much, guys. I appreciate it. Thank you. The next question is from Mitch Ryan from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Good morning, guys. Just wanted to understand the question. I was wondering if you had any thoughts on the aspect of that. I know that you've been looking at that platform. Yeah, good question, Mitch. And it's hard to disagree with the logic that says the more volume and the more price points that are established on such a platform, the better the combination of price transparency and market development for more sophisticated market tools to emerge. So broadly speaking, we're supportive of an initiative that creates more products pricing on things like the VMX platform. So we're very open to those discussions. And it won't surprise you that those discussions are already underway. It seems like a very, very logical model to deploy. And the industry is absolutely crying out for stronger price transparency. Something might have that. I guess you wouldn't necessarily be looking for a commercial benefit. It would be more about the improved transparency of the market would benefit all players involved. That's right. Rising tide floats all boats. So, yeah, pretty much that logic. And ultimately, it's going to be good for the market as a whole to get a more sophisticated pricing methodology out there. We're not interested so much in the commercial potential in that model. Just broad participation across all products. And in fact, children in minerals itself is also keen to put more price points on the platform. I.e., you know, varying spodumene grades and over time, midstream products and who knows, maybe our own lithium chemicals over time. Thanks for taking my question. Thank you. The next question comes from Jack Gabb from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Thanks, sir. Hi, Ken and team. Just a couple of questions from me. I guess firstly just on the labor challenges, in particular with respect to some of the stripping, I guess this year was going to be a bit of a catch up year for the stripping rates. Is this going to pose a challenge at some point? Is it going to create a bottleneck for you as you look to expand or have you got quite a lot of headway on that? That's just one more question. Thanks. Yeah, Jack, a couple of introductory comments on that subject and I'll hand to Dale. Yeah, you're right. This year is all about catch up and we had about 15 to 18 months worth of higher than life of mine strips to catch up. That's necessitated mobilizing more fleets and larger fleets. It's been constrained by labor. So that's part of the challenge. That's really cool what you want to add. The only thing I would add is with the acquisition of Eltra presents more opportunities in terms of access to all. So without question, there's a heap of material to move, waste movements. But we do have multiple areas to draw from. So that puts us in fairly good stead as we think about various mine plans, et cetera. That's all I have. Perfect. Thanks. And then just one on pricing. Can you give us a sense of the range, I guess, of your pricing that you actually receive across your contracts, ignoring VNX for a second, within your guidance and then definitely within that guidance as well. Are you including any material volumes from the VNX platform at this point? Or Q1? Thanks. So Jack, on the second question, in fact, what we've described in the quarter at 2,600 to 3,000 US dollars per tonne represents an estimate of contracted pricing based on what we see today. So it's only contracted pricing excludes whatever might be occurring on the VNX platform. And I might have said that there's probably a risk of further upside as a function of the speed with which chemical had accelerated. Yeah, sorry. The first question. Actually, it's relatively tight contract pricing across the customer group. There's really no material difference emerging in respect of the various pricing models that pretty much approximate each other within a couple of hundred dollars of each individual contract. And they do vary over time because they do use like different pricing modeling, but it's in the detail. They all reference lithium, typically all reference lithium chemicals, potentially in a slightly different way, but their outcome of the pricing is pretty tight. That's really helpful. Thanks so much. I'll leave it at that. Thank you. The next question comes from Peter Kerr from the Australian Financial Review. Please go ahead. G'day, Ken. Thanks for your time. I'm just wondering on the border, I assume you're not going to join the exodus of all the other WAP CEOs who are coming next. And secondly, with the February 5 delay, does that upend any plans you had in terms of, you know, did you have particular markets on the East Coast you were targeting as of Feb 6? And, yeah, how do you sort of cope now with that sort of indefinite uncertainty? Yeah, good question, Peter. I can assure you there was lots of kids in the Brisbane household with the border being shut post-February 5 given kids in their locations and the desire to catch up with them. With respect to work, no, not my intention to move to Melbourne or Sydney, not anytime soon. And did it disrupt plans? Well, the indirect impact of the border that it constrains short-term labor supply. So that actually gets to the heart of a lot of the issues that we've been dealing with, especially while we're ramping up the suit plants. When something breaks or when we've got to do a shutdown, you typically can't get the labor, at least not in the way we're used to, to create the peak load that's required to get the job done quickly. So a shutdown that should have taken 36 hours takes, you know, takes 72. And a, you know, broken ball mill coupling takes sort of 56 hours to fix when it should have taken 24, you know, that kind of thing. That's really one of the key issues. And then our contractors, our mining contractors feel it as well. They typically have a slightly higher sort of transitory workforce and they're highly mobile. And what's happening now is everyone's fishing from the same pool in that contracted space. And it's leading to lots of, you know, to challenges accessing labor and hanging on to labor for our contractors. So, yeah, the border has been continued to close, creates challenges in that peak personnel and the extent to which our contractors can retain their personnel. So it's a big issue. As soon as the borders open and we get the, you know,

the mobility back in the workforce is really the key. And so presumably you think the negative impact of those labour challenges is greater than the COVID impact will be when it starts spreading through your workforce, you know, as it is over here? Definitely. I'm rigged to the production environment for WA mining companies. Those two ways should be relatively transitory, i.e. measured in months, you know, a couple of months, not six to 12 months. Thanks, Ken. Thank you. The next question comes from Adam Baykar from Global Mining Research. Please go ahead. G'day, Adam. Yeah, just a question on the mine grade. The feed and buffer per grade at 1.18% for quite some time. Just wondering, you know, what your mine plan is saying about, you know, coming back to meet reserve grade, you know, how far off are we from that? Yeah, good question. Thanks, Adam. We've been reasonably clear historically that Pilgan or the original Pilgangora operation was always mining a slightly higher grade in the first four years, roughly, of production. That's just a function of the way the ore presents at Pilgangora. So nothing particularly sort of tricky there. The lower reserve grade also has resulted from the addition of the south, i.e. the former Altoona operations, which again was always a lower reserve grade than the original Pilgangora reserve grade. So that also explains some of the gap. Yeah, so we've been in production now for two or three years, so we've got another year or two with a slightly elevated grade, and then they'll go up to a bit more to the reserve norm. Sure, thanks for that. Just a second one. Yeah, you mentioned that, you know, there's going to be a potential reviewed guidance of the half-year result in February. I'm guessing there'll be some impact to the second half financial year 23 guidance, but just wondering how likely this is to impact the targeted 540 to 580,000 tons of spodumene by mid-year. Yeah, and all discussions come, given that we've got about another four weeks prior to the half-year result, there's several things going through our mind there, and the next four weeks will probably be formative. The first is the effect of continued plant ramp-up. There's a big gap between the historical production at 330,000 spodumene concentrate tons per annum compared to where we're going, 580,000 spodumene concentrate tons per annum. And our guidance is tending to the speed with which we can bring on that capacity. So we really need another three or four weeks to see how we go with the plants and the work that's already happened and integrating the combination of new equipment, especially Davido, where we're bringing on the flotation circuit. So that's part one. As an absolute production capacity, 580,000 tons, well, we're still confident about hitting that run rate in the middle of the year as a function of both plants and their performance. So the bit we're tending to is the remaining ramp-up. Lastly, it's worthwhile mentioning the borders and COVID. You know, there's obvious community transmission going on here now. Mining companies are going to start feeling that. So we are attentive to what that impact might be. Now, indirectly, it's already hurt us because we struggled to get peak people, as I described. But it's possible there's also production impact from the community transmission and how that relates to our available workforce. So give us another three or four weeks, mate, and we'll have that largely cleared up and we'll provide more definitive guidance. Awesome. Thank you. Thank you. There are no further telephone questions at this time. I'll now hand over to Nicholas Reed for any webcast questions. Thanks, Rachel. We have a number of questions that have been logged online for the team here. Firstly, some questions from John Banworth. He says, could you please expand on the company's strategy and the initiatives that have been put in place to deal with the current skills and labour challenges and risks in WA? Yeah, good question, John. And yeah, of course, there has already been actually significant response. So the first thing is to have taken on some of the challenge ourselves. Pilbara Minerals have commenced its own mining fleet. And the logic in doing that is multi-faceted. But one of the key drivers is the relative accessibility of long-term employees by Pilbara Minerals as compared to our contractors. And it's all to do with the way the workforce works here in WA. Most employees, not all, but most employees would say long-term employment with an established company is safer bet. And I think we also trade on the benefit of being involved in the new economy in mining, battery raw materials, which is seen as the future. And hence, that brand has a better attraction and retention status. So that's a key thing that we've taken on ourselves. And so far, so good. We haven't had too many dramas accessing people ourselves, but certainly our contractors have. There has also been work done with respect to retention. So, for example, the way we pay our people, the bonuses and that benefits. We've done work on our camp. There's a lot of things that have happened that should have the desired effect of both attracting and retaining people over time. With respect to our contractors, we've done a bit more sort of innovative thinking with them. Again, rosters, the camp, and in certain circumstances, the way they're incentivized with a view to helping attract and retain people. The one key challenge which we still haven't really broken the back of is the peak labor that I described when you need large numbers of personnel for shutdowns and or breakdowns. That is an area that's still of concern. And again, not a challenge that we're dealing with on our own. It's a very broad issue for the mining companies here in WA generally. I hope that makes sense, John. Thanks, Ken. Two others from John here. The fallback in the share price over the last week or so, how much of that would you attribute to the global market correction and how much to investor concern about the risks and challenges that have been discussed today? And secondly, can you update us on how the company is thinking about dividend policy given the strong performance financially in that recent time? Well, with respect to Pilbara's share price, I think it's largely traded in line with its peers. I don't think there's anything particularly special that's gone on there that relates to Pilbara Minerals specifically. It wouldn't be unusual to have a pullback when lithium stock had run as hard as they had, but also taking into account broader sentiment issues in global markets. The fact that there are inflation clearly led to a bit of a risk-off attitude, and I would attribute most of the share price movement to that effect. Talking about dividends, yeah, well, as prescribed by Dale, we have a lot of growth ahead of us, which we think represents a reasonable reinvestment in our business. That's important and ultimately depends on what the price does, but prices versus cost will be one of our assessments as to whether dividends ultimately become part of the story for the medium term. So more to be discovered in that regard, John, before we can be definitive about dividend streams. Thank you again. A question from Rob Clark. He says, with respect to your impressive balance sheet strengthening, does your midstream project warrant more resources? And can you look at ways to increase the speed to market of this product? Also, can you please clarify if the product is being targeted directly at Chinese LFP cathode makers? Yeah, both good questions. Well, we very much like the midstream product and Dale said, I think you worded it something like a very competitive product for the market, something like that. I can't remember. I agree wholeheartedly. It is a compelling product for the market and re-cutting the spodumene supply chain is going to be a big part of the future of our industry because there are more efficient solutions. So we're working about as hard and as fast as we can on that project. Really happy to be working with Kelly and the Versmar team. But it's still got engineering development to be undertaken and it's very difficult to short circuit that. So more work is done and probably more to be said about that as we look to publish the first round of engineering in the coming weeks. So I think that's pretty much it. Next question is from Hayden Baird, Macquarie. He says, is the long-term production target post the expansion still approximately 1 million tons per annum or have you made some changes to long-term?

recovery assumptions? And secondly, what percentage of sales in 2022 are likely to be on the BMX platform? Okay. Yep. Yeah, so long-term production Hayden is still targeting beyond 1 million tons per annum of spodumene concentrate and broadly speaking, you know, that should happen in the period sort of 2000, the latter part of 2023, early part of 2024 onwards. Now, more work to be done from an engineering and a delivery point of view, but we have no doubt that Pilgan Cora as a production center has that capacity and it will be a very important part of global supply. So yeah, very much still in the picture. With respect to recovery, it's actually no, nothing's changed with respect to our views around recovery. Consistent with previous commentary, slightly lower recoveries at Mavigue, just a function of the way that plant works in comparison to Pilgan. And a slightly lower head grade overall likely to be fed to Mavigue over time. But recovery is still the same. And the flotation is still a very important part of the future at Pilgan Gorge, whether at Pilgan Gorge or at Mavigue. Okay, so if I want to interchange, sorry, if I want to interchange. Yeah. Well, there's still some uncertainty. So that's a function of how quickly we can bring on the remaining capacity at Mavigue from a production point of view. It's still relatively early days because we're only relying on HMS in the transitional ore. The flotation circuit construction is well advanced. We're into the cells now and still expecting that those cells will be fired up from a construction point of view. We're finishing off the last of the construction in the cells to align it with our flotation technique. And a view that they'll be commissioned from later in the March quarter. So then the question is how quickly we can bring that on to bring on additional capacity. Because if that capacity and whatever we can stretch Pilgan to, that the current excess capacity goes to the BMX platform. So it's difficult to be definitive, to be honest Hayden, about what ultimately gets sold on spot this time. One, if the plant is at full capacity, so 580,000 tons, then approximately 200,000 tons of that is available at our disposal to sell as we choose. And at the moment we would choose to sell by far the majority of that to the BMX platform because pricing is going to be very strong. Chemical conversion industry is going to give away their margins to secure a spodumene supply, in which case spodumene supply or pricing will deprive the upside. Thanks Ken. There were a couple of other BMX questions, so I'll just group them together and apologies if we're going over the same ground here. But one was, can you confirm, are you expecting a BMX auction this quarter? Yes. And the second was, if all goes well with the Mogadoo plants, can you give some sort of estimate of how many BMX sales and percentages in total they'd be expecting for this calendar year? Yeah, I guess similar to my previous comments about the week which the Mogadoo plant comes on. I could be more definitive about it once the capacity is being built out because then you would have approximately an auction every three weeks, roughly, as represented by the total excess capacity that makes its way to the spot market. Great. Thanks, Ken. A question here from Mr. Mill. He says, as the company moves relatively quickly to P688, P1000, what concerns should there be or are there with shipping movements to markets, given global shipping challenges and increased costs? Well, our experience is that we don't have difficulty accessing vessels. There's enough trade and vessels available in our sector that we don't particularly have difficulty accessing the vessels themselves. It's just the cost of attracting the vessels that's the issue. There has been some relief, a little bit of relief in this quarter with respect to shipping costs. We peaked in shipping costs at about $70 to $80 a tonne. Average shipping costs from memory were about $55. So it's come off slightly, which is indicative of more vessels being available. But again, make the point, it's not so much that you can't get a vessel. It's just the cost of the vessel itself. Thanks, Ken. Just a couple of market-related questions to wrap up. First one from Mr. Zengy. He asks if you can offer some commentary on the impact on the lithium market of some recent developments we've seen, for instance, the Rio Tinto project in Serbia and also some of the political changes in Chile and any potential ramifications of those developments for lithium supply. Now, well, the first thing that comes to mind, and no disrespect to the analyst community, but it's easy to put supply numbers in a spreadsheet. It's not so easy to deliver them on the ground. By the time you're doing that, a lot more complexities come into play. You've heard from Pilbara about difficulties in bringing in additional capacity. Well, our experience is that we're not on our Pat Malone. Bringing on spodumene supply and lithium units globally is challenging, and especially when you think about a combination of volume, volume growth, and quality. And each of those are going to be overestimated in our view, in which case markets will continue to be tied for quite some time. We've heard many analysts over the years that the lithium markets will be oversupplied, that there's plenty of lithium in the world, but there's not plenty of lithium in the world that fits the right combination of location, quality of supply, accessibility to infrastructure in the right jurisdictions that don't otherwise suffer from geopolitical challenges. Yeah, I mean, it's a complex world of alpine industrial mineral supply chain that doesn't want to be complex but naturally is. Thanks, Ken. One final one. It's a reminder question, but a good one to wrap up on. This gentleman said, major car manufacturers are talking big numbers for EV production through to 2030. Is there enough lithium to achieve those production forecasts? I don't want to be trite, but car makers have been asleep at the wheel. They haven't been paying enough attention to the raw material supply, both in battery raw materials in the last five years. And it's coming back to haunt them because insufficient incentive was placed in the market when it was really required, and especially within that period, three or five years ago, to get to where we need to be today. So not enough capital flowing upstream, not enough definitive off-take agreements that tie up the supply chain, not enough interconnected agreements that motivate the supply chain to be interconnected. Each of those things represents a serious challenge to the industry that should have been solved some years ago but now need to be solved and will take some years to get right. Excellent. Thanks, Ken. That's all from me. Thank you, Nick Rachel. I can't feel like we're all done. Thank you. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

