 Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Pilbara Minerals December 2021 Quarterly Investor Conference Call and Webcast. All participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation followed by a question and answer session. If you wish to ask a question via the phone, you will need to press the star key followed by the number 1 on your telephone keypad. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Ken Brinsden, Managing Director and CEO. Please go ahead. Thank you, Rachel, and welcome to everybody joining on the call and welcome to those who are participating via the webcast, especially those shareholders that have taken the time to join in. Much appreciated. Here in the Pilbara Minerals Office, I'm joined by Dale Henderson, our Chief Operating Officer, and Brian Lynn, our Chief Financial Officer, both of whom you'll hear from during the call. Also in the office here with us, Alex Eastwood, Chief Commercial Officer, General Counsel, and David Hamm, our Investor Relations Specialist. Thanks to everyone for joining. Well, the backdrop to the quarterly call is one of strong demand, accelerating price, and in part, Pilbara Minerals Responding, albeit with some production challenges evident, and especially during the December quarter. We've been continuing to work on the acceleration of Pilgangora production, and a very, very busy quarter as we started production at the Nugajew plant, that is, just to remind you, the former Valtura facilities, and we brought on the Pilgang plant improvements project, which is complete and now fully tied in, and we continue to ramp up the production at the Pilgang plant. In support of all that, a lot more site activity, and that includes relatively significant growth in mining volumes, which you can see in the production tables within the quarterly, albeit still having to go higher as we support production growth, both in the short and the medium term. And customers obviously want more products. You can see that with respect to pricing. Pricing is quite incredible, and that's something that I'll come back to talk to in more detail during our commentary. Yeah, incredible results on our BMX platform with respect to spot sales. Very, very strong pricing, especially in China, which is just reminding everyone, it's the world's largest lithium raw materials market, and that's now spreading to international markets with pricing hitting record highs virtually every week, and that's translating very well to spodumine, which is part of what, again, I'll explain in more detail. The reference prices at a headline lithium chemicals price and how that's planning to the value in the spodumine, I'm going to explain in a bit more detail there so that you understand some of the dynamics in the market. The ramp-up in production continues, albeit slower than we would like. Just to remind everyone, we're taking Pilgrangora production from approximately 330,000 spodumine concentrate tons per annum to 580,000 spodumine concentrate production. Big production growth, and with that have come some challenges. But as always, the Pilgrangora minerals team is working incredibly hard and carries some fantastic skills that we've learned over the years about how to bring that production on. Still targeting 580,000 spodumine concentrate tons by the run rate by the middle of this year. However, both plants are still in their ramp-up phase, and it's that issue, combined with the effects of difficulties in the labour market and then more recently, community distribution of the COVID virus here in Western Australia, that means there is some risk to our ability to produce as hard and as fast as we would like. But nonetheless, you know, a lot of work going on, as I said, and the Pilgrangora minerals team carries all the right skills to make it happen, and we're obviously doing the best that we can. The POSCO downstream joint venture was executed during the quarter, and we're now going through the completion criteria for the final formation of the joint venture. In parallel, POSCO themselves have started the early works at the Wanyang site, and they've confirmed that they'll start the significant construction work during the current quarter. So we're looking forward to their progress over approximately the next two years as we head towards Silver and Minerals' first hydroxide production in joint venture with POSCO. So, coming up, Dale will explain a bit more about what we're up to in both production and if we ramp up the plant and also production growth to the medium term. And Brian will follow up with some more commentary about cash flow generation and a little bit of a follow-up to the cost story. So, on that note, Dale, over to you. Thanks, Dan, and good morning, everyone. I'll offer my commentary on three parts. So, firstly, a little bit about the operations, a quick touch on the reserve update that we did during the quarter, and then to finish, I'll provide some insight into the project's space and expansion plan, which we've got coming up. So, starting with operations, as Ken described, it's been a growth quarter, bringing on two operations, ramping them, starting to ramp those up both simultaneously. So, a growth quarter, but we've definitely had some growing pains, and Ken mentioned the labour shortages which are happening across the state. Pilgrim has not been immune to that, and we have found some of those pains end-to-end through our operation. That being said, the quarter still had fairly solid production at 84,000 tonnes at the low end of our guidance. Recovery, 62% average across both operations, yet, again, slightly below where we wanted it to be. Now, stepping through the subsets of the operation, from a mining perspective, it was the quarter was moving more waste, as per the plan, but not quite the bonus we wanted to achieve. Again, a function of some of the labour shortages that our mining contractor had seen. One of the consequences of this was slightly compromised ore in terms of feed ore to the plant, which translated through to slightly lower recovery than we had planned, but consequence there around mining movement. As part of the response to mining, during the quarter, Pilgrim instigated our own mine fleet and mobilised our own small owner-operated fleet to support the southpid operation, which principally serves the Nuggerjoo plant, so we keep that off during the quarter and please report that start as well. Moving from mining and stepping into each of the processing plants. So with Tilgan, processing for the quarter, average of 65% recovery versus the plan of 75. As I mentioned earlier, slightly off where we wanted it to be. The improvement projects package, which is the deep-bottle netting project for that plant with construction complete, commissioned, and we're really just moving through an optimisation phase as we look to ramp up and increase throughput through that operation. From a cost basis, higher than where we wanted it to be, a consequence of increased mine movements, some mining contract performance challenges that are mentioned, and in the plant space, the oil feed being slightly off where we wanted and some delays around commissioning for both plants, including some extended shutdowns. So in summary, quite a few contributing factors playing through through your cost impact. And Brian will speak to this in a little bit more detail later in this section. So moving from Pilgrim processing plants and now speaking to Nuggerju, the December quarter was the quarter where we had the ignition switch, so to speak. First concentration from the core circuit coming through in early October. And that operation, we're moving through a staged ramp up with core circuit first floats to follow to flow circuit. We're on track to effectively start that ignition switch of the circuit in this quarter. So ramp up, slower than what we wanted it to be. Some maintenance issues contributing there, but all said and done, good to get the wheels turning and production starting to flow from that operation. Last thing on the ops update, production guidance. You'll know from our update that given the labour challenges and some of the ramp up challenges we've had, we're commencing a review and we'll look to revise our guidance under our half yearly results when they come out of due course. That completes the ops update. Moving to part two on the reserve, just a note there that during the quarter we did do a significant reserve upgrade so this was the combination of bringing in the Altura reserve and resource into the existing Pilbara Minerals one. So big increase, 47% upgrade from the prior year to 162 million tonnes. So huge reserve upgrade which of course supports the ramp up we're doing and the progressive expansion plan. So lastly, the expansion plans, where are we at? So historically we've talked about expansion in terms of stage two and incremental stages of stage two. We've dropped that naming convention and chose to revert to more simplified labelling for everyone's benefit. The P680 project that it's now called is the next incremental expansion beyond the ramp up that we're in the thick of at the moment. So this is to provide 100,000 tonnes additional to our total production capacity bringing us up to 680,000 tonnes per annum. Where are we at with this project? We're in the closing stages of study work and targeting in FID and the June quarter all going well. Beyond that, it's the P1000 expansion project which is, as the name suggests, stepping up to 1,000 kilotons per annum and aggregate production from the operation and we're targeting FID for that expansion in the December quarter this year. And lastly, the project stage, the midstream project which, to remind everyone, is the production of the value-added high-purity lithium chemical salts. Scoping study is in a finalisation stage at the moment. We're also completing the economics evaluation for that and looking to announce that in the coming weeks. Beyond that, Scoping study announcement, we are positively disposed to moving forward that project with their part of Calix ultimately to commercialise that project and that approach and bring what we think is a superior product to market. So, watch the space and we look forward to updating on that accordingly. So, that's a wrap for Ops, Reserve and Projects and at this point I'll hand over to Brian. Well, thanks very much, Dalen and good morning or good afternoon everyone. If I think about the financial impact of the quarter that we just had, I sort of put it in sort of three different aspects. One is obviously a very, very positive price environment, very strong operating margins generated but with some of the operating challenges that they were just gone through we've obviously had some impact in terms of higher units operating costs. In terms of the physicals, we produced just over 83,000 tonnes of spodumine concentrates and sold about 75,000 tonnes of concentrate that was produced from the Pilgam plant and about 3,600 tonnes of concentrate that was produced from the Nagarju plant. So that's coming through to an increase in inventory of about 5,000 tonnes and we closed the quarter with closing stocks of about 16,000 tonnes which represents about half a month's worth of production. In terms of price and operating margin now, I think everyone's aware has been quite an extraordinary improvement in pricing over the last quarter and we averaged a price of somewhere between US$1750 and US$1800 a tonne on an SC6 basis. And just as a reminder, that compares to a pricing of $850 to $900 a tonne that we achieved for September so that's quite an extraordinary uplift in pricing. So with that pricing environment which generated a much stronger operating margin so our margin was about US$1150 per geometric tonne for each of the tonnes sold from Pilgan to 75,000 tonnes from Pilgan. So with that strong operating margin there's been a significant increase in the company's cash position. So the September cash position was about $137 million and that's obviously when we quote cash, we quote cash plus the LC's as well for shipments that occurred in the quarter. So September we had $137 million and at the end of December we now find ourselves at $245 million. So that's an increase of just under $108 million. So where has that increase come from? So the cash operating margin that the Pilgan plant was able to generate represents just under $116 million for the quarter. We also through the tons that we sold at Noggi even though Noggi is still in ramp up and commissioning phase we actually still generated a positive cash load of about $2 million following the sale of the 3,600 tons from that particular operation. Capital spend across the business was about just under $27 million and that's obviously money spent on the Pilgan plant improvements, on the restart of the Noggi operation and commissioning and also on the official waste mining that's currently being undertaken. But that was largely offset by the drawdown of debt. So during the quarter we took the opportunity to increase our debt facility with banks by US$20 million and that was done deliberately to help us fund the restart of the Noggi operation so that US$20 million agreement was signed up during the quarter and the monies were fallen down in December and that was about $27 million Australian dollars. We also paid about $2 million in interest costs from the debt and we also paid a cash sweep under the debt facility of about US$2 million as well. So at the end of the quarter we ended up with about $245 million of cash and that represents a net cash position, so net of debt of around about $68 million. So clearly this quarter has been a significant for the company and places the income in a much, much stronger financial position than we were at the start of the quarter. The one downside if you like for the quarter from a financial point of view is the unit of operating costs. So the unit of operating costs clearly has been impacted by the challenging operating environment that we faced during the quarter quarter and was US$597 a tonne, which was about US$142 a tonne higher than the unit operating cost for the September quarter. So that increase of about $142, about US$56 of that really relates to royalty. So obviously if the selling price environment is going up, we are paying a much higher royalty. So that's US$56 of that increase related, so includes the fact that we are having to pay higher royalties as a result of receiving a high selling price. The remaining US$86 is really attributable to the fact that we're generating lower levels of splodging and concentrate production. This sale alluded to really was as a result of large shutdowns to facilitate the time of the plan improvement project that killed down. We had some unplanned out-time events to address some maintenance and equipment issues that needed to be rectified. We also ended up with a lower recovery as Val mentioned. This is really due to the fact that the oil fee being presented to the park wasn't as optimal as it should be. And then we were also impacted by the fact that there's just a lack of mining production and maintenance personnel in the market, which impacts how the operation gets run. Now, if I think about those cost increases, they are I think unique to the challenges that we're currently facing. I don't think they are necessarily something which is going to be a permanent increase. other than the higher Aussie costs, which are linked to the selling cost. My expectation is as we achieve DSA production from the operations, that those costs will come back to the level that we had guided to previously. As Dale mentioned before, we are currently undertaking a review of our production and whether we need to provide our production guidance. And if there is any impact of that production guidance on unit cost, then clearly we will be making our disclosure at the same time in late February when we release our half-year accounts. So I think that's everything I wanted to go through. So Ken, I might hand back to you. Yes, thank you, Brian. Thank you, Dale. A bit more commentary about the market and in particular I apologize in advance for delving into a little bit of detail about the pricing environment, but I think it's particularly important to explain how that works so that you have a greater understanding of the opportunities that the current market represents. Obviously, given where prices got to, there is a growing disconnect between available supply and surging demand. Surging demand is driven by all those things that represent opportunity and electrifying the global economy, but lithium-ion batteries are now key to that, hence the growth in demand. On the supply side, without wanting to put words in other producers' mouths, I don't think their experience is necessarily any different to Pilbara Minerals. It is tough to bring on additional capacity in an environment where you were previously being punished. Very low-pricing environment had meant that every producer had slowed down. So I think it's highly likely that on the supply side, there will be challenges, and it's probably the case that the supply response is already being overstated. So it's against that challenging environment that the price is surging, and it's kind of perverts, but for the very same reason that Pilbara Minerals had a challenging production quarter, you are likely to see a pricing increase because the supply response is insufficient. I hope that makes sense. On pricing itself, and delving into a little bit of the detail, PLACS reported China domestic pricing in battery grade lithium carbonate of 386,000 yuan per metric tonne lithium carbon equivalent basis. So that's over USD $60,000 a tonne in China. Now, people will tend to want to dismiss that price because it's, I think, somewhat unfairly described as a spot price. But what's actually being discovered in that price survey is the real price being paid by the same relationship, i.e. a long-term seller and a long-term buyer who are constantly renegotiating the price and volume. So what it is, well, I think what it represents is the real price that the chemical conversion industry receives in China, bearing in mind that China is the world's largest lithium raw materials market. And I think all the evidence points for that price being a real price because it's also driving international pricing, which typically has longer-dated contracts. But international pricing is already approaching USD $50,000 a tonne. So for those that want to characterize it as a spot price, I think that's a little bit of a misrepresentation. It is the price that the chemical conversion industry receives. Well, why is that important? This is where the plosumine supply base ultimately has its stay in the sun. And I think Silver and Minerals is particularly well-closed to participate in that pricing environment. What it means is that if a chemical converter is receiving over $50,000 US dollars a tonne for their battery-grade carbonate, if you deduct the VAT and you deduct the cost of chemical conversion, they have approximately $50,000 left to spend on their raw materials. $50,000 left to spend on their raw materials, of which plosumine is obviously a key component. What that means is that the chemical conversion industry can pay a lot more for plosumine, and in my view, they likely will, because there is no alternative. They already have chemical conversion capacity, of which there is oodles in China, but there is insufficient spodumine to backfill the chemical conversion capacity. The net effect of all that is that they will pass their margins upstream, which means spodumine pricing is already very strong, but in my view, likely to get stronger. And I know everyone thinks that sounds like a pretty extraordinary scenario, but have a think about this. It's not iron ore. Spodumine is not iron ore. Spodumine and its derivative chemicals are part of an industrial mineral supply chain turning into a specialty chemical supply chain, for which most players will already be contractually bound. They are contractually bound to sell chemicals to a cathode materials player or a cell maker, maybe in China, but equally probably Japan and Korea. They are contractually bound, but they don't have the raw material. And what that means is that they will pay virtually anything for the raw material. So the dynamic that I'm describing is one that's very different to what most people might be used to in natural resources markets, because if you took iron ore as an example, that's a very large liquid pool of available products, that's not what's represented by an industrial mineral supply chain where people have built purpose-built chemical facilities to match a combination of input raw material feed for a defined quality to a customer who's probably a longer-dated customer downstream. So all those dynamics create something that's very unusual in the pricing world when there's such a bad disconnect between available supply and surging demand. So that's what's going on in Fodumine markets. Quite incredible. I think Silver and Minerals is really well-placed. We're probably outperformed as it relates to price received in the December quarter. And the March quarter is already looking very, very strong. So we've got it for between $2,600 and $3,000 US dollars a tonne CIF China on a 6% Fodumine basis because we see lithium chemical pricing being very strong, which represents a key peg to our Fodumine price. So, yeah, incredible times, but nonetheless, Silver and Minerals will be having its day in the sun. So that's the detail in the Fodumine market. The other means by which we look to take advantage of that is through the BMX platform. The BMX platform will typically handle excess product from our Pilgangora production, most of which is coming through the growth in overdue production, which is coming. We've only been producing through the HMS circuit so far. We're continuing to trip away at that and the flotation circuit with the expectation that the flotation circuit starts during the latter part of the current quarter, in which case we should have more products available for the BMX platform, and we're looking forward to the product discovery that that flushes out. So, to close, in summary, it's a challenge bringing on the two plants and the expanded capacity that they represent, especially in light of the tight labour market that WA currently suffers from. We're all looking forward to the borders opening because, ultimately, it should provide some relief to those tight labour market conditions. So, firstly, whilst that was a challenging quarter, it's not just filter and minerals experience. We expect that just about every resources company is going through similar issues, including the other lithium raw material providers. What does that point to? Well, it points to, at least in part, constrained supply, which points to probably higher price. We think we are really well placed to take advantage of that in the coming quarters. I'm confident in the team and their ability to bring on the remaining capacity, in which case we will have a very, very good year. Rachel, I'm going to throw back to you. I'm sure there will be plenty of interesting questions on the phone call, but equally some that will come out of our webcast. So, yeah, look forward to people's questions. Thank you, Rachel. Thank you. If you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone and wait for your name to be announced. If you wish to cancel your request, please press star 2. If you are on a speakerphone, please pick up the handset to ask your question. Your first question comes from Al Harvey from J.D. Morgan. Please go ahead. G'day, Ken and team. Just a couple from me. Perhaps just starting with the recovery across Pilgungura. Just wondering, with Nugadu, when do you think what's kind of the expected maximum recovery you think you'll be able to get there once you bring the floats online? And what sort of timing do you think we might be able to see that across? Yeah, Al, yeah. So, in the details there, Pilgungan was compromised by the new equipment being brought on as part of the improvements project and the effect of a less than optimal blend. So that we experienced recovery at Pilgungan of sort of 65% versus 75%. At Nugadu, the recovery is materially lower while we're using just the HMS circuit with the transitional or the nominally 30% recovery until we bring on the floatation circuit. Targeted recovery, the Nugadu over time with a fully optimised circuit is likely in the order of high 60-70% as compared to Pilgungan being 75% for argument. Yeah, that's really helpful. Thanks, Ken. Just secondly, just on the FIDs for P680 and P1000, just I'm wondering how long after FID, if they are successful, could works begin just given the tight labour market you're seeing and just any commentary you have on perhaps percentage increases in CAPEX you've been seeing relatively before our studies? Yeah, I'll try it now. As to the timing around starting execution of those projects by CFID, the good news is that the P680 could be fairly quick and that project is effectively an expansion to the HMS circuit. So as a function of engineering, timing, long leads, we think construction could be as soon, excuse me, as soon as six months, starting as soon as six months by CFID. But we wouldn't expect likely the ramp-up of that for maybe nine to 12 months post-FID. That's largely driven by our estimates around long leads. As to capital increase and cost increases, we've definitely observed escalation across the board within the WA environment, steel prices and the like. We haven't translated that through quite yet to the CAPEX forecast for these particular projects, but of course we will do that as part of the FID decision. I hope that answers your question, Al. Yeah, thanks, Al. And just maybe with the P1000, do you think that will have a longer build timeframe after FID just to give us a bit bigger? One of the questions we haven't resolved yet is actually the staging of that particular part of the expansion. It's potential that we might choose to forward order long leads, and the long leads for both those two expansions really drives the critical part, not so much, in our view, but a later constraint is more long leads. And as it relates to the P1000, the good news there is we already have the HPDR for that circuit. So for us, it would be really around looking at bore mill timing and the float cells principally, and all the other things that are largely in hand. So we could be well-placed potentially to move fairly quickly with that one. Great. Thanks, Al. If I can just sneak one last one in. Just wondering if you guys have a rough split of Pilbara's product that goes into hydroxide versus carbonate converters, and whether or not that's changed substantially since we've seen these bigger increases in carbonate pricing versus the hydroxide price? Yeah, our customers, the contracted customers do a mix of both. So it's very difficult to determine exactly how much goes into the carbonate chemical suite versus hydroxide. But to be honest, in today's environment, you could be ambivalent about it because any primary hydroxide producer, i.e. straight from Fodgermane to hydroxide, is probably twisting hydroxide to carbonate, a very low-cost process of carbonation to take advantage of the carbonate price. And actually, in the scheme of things, they're doing that for roughly the same cost as the cost of chemical conversion to carbonate anyway, because the primary hydroxide route would typically be a bit cheaper. So from our point of view, we're not overly fussed one way or the other. We're ultimately being consumed. But given the price differential between carbonate and hydroxide, that's very much a likely market response, twisting hydroxide to carbonate. Great. Thanks, Ken. Thanks very much, guys. Appreciate it. Thank you. The next question is from Mitch Ryan from Jefferies. Please go ahead. Good morning, guys. Just to give you a side note, but just wanted to understand, because my earlier interview is the fact that they'll be ramping up everything hydroxide refineries over the coming years and the aspect products that they look for you to be in this platform. I was just wondering if that would be a material with things, if that would be material for me. What's this for you? Yeah, good question, Mitch. And it's hard to disagree with the logic that says the more volume and the more price points that are established on such a platform, the better the combination of price transparency and market development for more sophisticated market tools to emerge. So, broadly speaking, we're supportive of an agency that creates more product pricing on things like the BMX platform. So, we're very open to those discussions. And it won't surprise you that those discussions are already underway. So, it seems like a very, very logical model to deploy and the industry is absolutely crying out for stronger price transparency. So, in light of that, I guess you wouldn't necessarily be looking for a commercial benefit, a material commercial benefit. It would be more about the improved transparency of the market would benefit all players involved, I guess. That's right. Rising tide floats all boats. So, yeah, it's pretty much that logic. And ultimately, it's going to be good for the market as a whole to get more sophisticated sort of pricing methodology out there. We're not interested so much in the commercial potential in that model, just broad participation across all products. And, in fact, Chilber and Minerals itself is also keen to put more price points on the platform, i.e., you know, varying spodumine grades and over time, mid-stream products and who knows, maybe our own lithium chemicals at the time. Yes, it's perfect. Thanks for taking my question. Thank you. The next question comes from Jack Gabb from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Thanks. Hi, Ken and Tim. Just a couple of questions from me. Firstly, just on the labor challenges and particularly with respect to some of the stripping, I guess, this year was going to be a bit of a catch-up year for stripping rates. I'm just curious, is this going to pose a challenge at some point? Is it going to create a bottleneck for you as you look to expand or have you got quite a lot of headway on that? And I'll just fill up with one more question. Thanks. Yeah, Jack, a couple of introductory comments on that subject and I'll hand it to Dale. Yeah, you're right. This year, it's all about catch-ups and we had about sort of 15 to 18 months worth of higher than life of mine strips to catch-up. That's necessitated mobilizing more sleep and larger sleep. It's been constrained by labor, so that's part of the challenge. Dale, do you want to add? The only thing I would add is with the acquisition of Altura presents more opportunities in terms of access to all, so without question, there's a heap of material to move, waste movements, but we do have multiple areas to draw from, so that puts us in a really good state as we think about various mine plans, et cetera. That's all I'd add. Perfect, thanks. And then just one on pricing, can you give us a sense of the range, I guess, of your pricing that you actually receive across your contracts, ignoring BMX for a second, within your guidance and then secondly within that guidance as well, are you including any material volumes from the BMX platform at this point, or key ones? Thanks. So, Jack, second question first. In fact, what we've described in the quarterly 2,600 to 3,000 US dollars a ton represents an estimate of contracted pricing based on what we see today. So, it's only contracted pricing excludes whatever might yet occur on the BMX platform. and I might just add up that there's probably a risk to further upside at the function of the speed with which chemicals have accelerated. Oh, yeah, sorry, the first question, actually, it's a relatively tight contract pricing across the customer group. There's really no material difference emerging in respect of the various pricing models that pretty much approximated each other within a couple of hundred dollars of each individual contract. And I do vary over time because I do use a lot of different pricing modeling, but it's in the detail. They all reference lithium, typically all reference lithium chemicals, potentially in a slightly different way, but the net outcome of the pricing is pretty tight. That's really helpful. Thanks so much, I'll leave it at it. Thank you. The next question comes from Peter Kerr from the Australian Financial Review. Please go ahead. G'day, Ken. Thanks for your time. Just wondering on the border, I assume you're not going to join the exodus of all the other WA-based CEOs who are coming in. And secondly, with the February 5 delay, did that upend any plans you had in terms of, you know, did you have particular markets on the east coast you were targeting as of Feb 6? And yeah, how do you sort of cope now with that sort of indefinite uncertainty? Yeah, good question, Peter. I can assure you there was lots of kids in the Brisbane household with the border being shut post February 5 given kids and their locations and the desire to catch up with them. With respect to work, no, not my intention to move to Melbourne or Sydney not anytime soon and didn't disrupt plans. Well, it's an indirect impact of the border that it constrains short-term labour supply. So that actually gets to the heart of a lot of the issues that we've been dealing with, especially while we're ramping up the two plants. When something breaks or when we've got to do a shutdown, you typically can't get the labour, at least not in the way we used to, to create the peak load that's required to get the jobs done quickly. So a shutdown that should have taken 36 hours takes 72 and a broken ball mill coupling takes 56 hours to fix when it should have taken 24, that type of thing. That's really one of the key issues and then our contractors, the mining contractors feel it as well. They typically have a slightly higher transitory workforce and they're highly mobile and what's happening now is everyone's fishing from the same pool in that contractor space and it's leading to lots of challenges accessing labour and hanging on to labour for our contractors. So yeah, the borders continue to close, create challenges in their peak personnel and the extent to which our contractors can retain their personnel. So it's a big issue. The sooner the border doesn't then we get the mobility back in the workforce is really the key. And so presumably you think the negative impact of those labour challenges is greater than the COVID impact will be when it starts spreading through your workforce as it is over here? Definitely some risk to the production environment for WA mining companies. There's no two ways that it should be relatively transitory. I measured in months, a couple of months, not six or twelve months. Thanks, Ken. Thank you. The next question comes from Adam Baythart from Global Mining Research. Please go ahead. G'day, Ken and team. Just a question on the mine grade. They've been above reserve grade at 1.18% for quite some time. Just wondering what your mine plan is saying about coming back to meet reserve grade. How far are we from that? Yeah, good question to pick up, Adam. We've been reasonably clear historically that Pilgan or the original Pilgan-Gora operation was always mining a slightly higher grade in its first four years, roughly, of production. That's just a function of the way the ore presents at Pilgan-Gora. So nothing particularly sort of tricky there. The lower reserve grade also has resulted from the addition of the south pit, i.e. the former Altura operations, which again was always a lower reserve grade than the original Pilgan-Gora reserve grade. So that also explains some of the gap. Yeah, so we've been in production now for two or three years, so we've got another year or two where there's slightly elevated grades, and then they'll start to revert more to the reserve norm. Sure, thanks, sir. Just a second one. Yeah, you mentioned that there's going to be a potential review to guidance of the half year result in February. I'm guessing there'll be some impact to the second half financial year 22 guidance, but just wondering how likely this is the impact to target of 540 to 580,000 tons of spot costs by mid-year. Yeah, more discussions come given that we've got about another four weeks prior to the half-year results. There's several things going through our mind there, and the next three or four weeks will probably be formative. The first is the effect of the continued plant for anum. There's a big gap between the historical production 330,000 spot-your-main concentrate tons per annum, compared to where we're going, 580,000 spot-your-main concentrate tons per annum. And our guidance is sensitive to the speed with which we can bring on that capacity. So we really need another three or four weeks to see how we go with the plants and the work that's already happened and integrating the combination of new equipment, especially Nuggetu, where we're bringing on the flotation circuit. So that's part one. As to absolute production capacity, i.e. 580,000 tons, we're still confident about hitting that run rate in the middle of the year as a function of both plants and their performance. So the bit we're sensitive to is the remaining ramp-up. Lastly, it's worthwhile mentioning the borders and COVID. There's obvious community transmission going on here now. Mining companies are going to start feeling that. So we are sensitive to what that impact might be. Now, indirectly, it's already hurt us because we struggle to get peak people, as I described, but it's possible there's also production impact from the community transmission and how that relates to our available workforce. So give us another three or four weeks, maybe we'll have that largely cleared up and we'll provide more definitive guidance. Awesome. Thank you. Thank you. There are no further telephone questions at this time. I'll now hand over to Nicholas Reid for any webcast questions. Thanks, Rachel. We have a number of questions that have been logged online to the team here. Firstly, some questions from John Beckwith. He says, could you please expand on the company's strategy and the initiatives that have been put in place to deal with the current skills and labour challenges and risks in WA? Yeah, good question, John. And yes, of course, there has already been actually significant response. So the first thing is to have taken on some of the challenge ourselves. Philbera Minerals has commenced its own mining fleet and the logic in doing that, it's multifaceted, but one of the key drivers is the relative accessibility of longer term employees by Philbera Minerals as compared to our contractors. And it's all to do with the way the workforce works here in WA. Most employees, not all, but most employees would say longer term employment with an established company is the safer bet. And I think we also trade on the benefit of being involved in the new economy in mining, battery of all materials, which is seen as the future and hence that brand has a better attraction and retention status. So that's the key thing that we've taken on ourselves and so far so good. We haven't had too many dramas accessing people ourselves, but certainly our contractors have. There has also been work done with respect to retention. So for example, the way we pay our people, the bonuses, the net benefits, we've done work on our camp, there's lots of things that have happened that should have the desired effect of both attracting and retaining people over time. With respect to our contractors, we've done a bit more sort of innovative thinking with them, again, the rosters, the camp, and in certain circumstances the way they're incentivized with a view to helping attract and retain people. The one key challenge which we still haven't really broken the back of is the peak laser that I described when you need large numbers of personnel to shut down and or break down. That is an area that's still of concern and again not a challenge that we're dealing with on our own. It's a very broad issue for the mining companies here in WA generally. I hope that makes sense, John. Thanks, Ken. Two others from John. He asks the pullback in the share price over the last week or so, how much of that would be attributed to the global market correction and how much to investor concern about the risks and challenges that have been discussed today. Secondly, can you update us on how the company is thinking about dividend policy given the strong forms of financial in recent times? Well, with respect to Bilba's share price, I think it's largely traded in line with its fears. I don't think there's anything particularly special that's gone on there that relates to Bilba and Minerals specifically. It wouldn't be unusual to have a pullback when lithium stocks had run as hard as they had, but also taking into account broader sentiment issues in global markets. The specter of inflation clearly led to a bit of a risk-off attitude and I would attribute most of the share price movement to that effect. Second question, dividends. Dividends. As described by Dale, we have a lot of growth ahead of us, which we think represents a reasonable reinvestment in our business. That's important and ultimately depends on what the price does, but price versus cost will be one of our assessments as to whether dividends ultimately become part of the story for the medium term. So more to be discovered in that regard before we can see the definitive about dividends streams. Thanks, Ken. A question from Rob Clark. He says, with respect your impressive balance sheet strengthening, does your midstream project warrant more resources and can you look at ways to increase the speed to market of this product? Also, can you please clarify if the product is being targeted directly at Chinese LFP cathode makers? Ah, okay. Both good questions. Well, we very much like the midstream product and Dale said, I think the words are something like a very competitive product, compelling product for the market, something like that, sir? I agree wholeheartedly, it is a compelling product for the market and recutting the supply chain is going to be a big part of the future of our industry because there are more efficient solutions. So we're working about as hard and as fast as we can on that project. Really happy to be working with Calix and their smart team but it's still got engineering development to be undertaken and it's very difficult to short circuit that. So more work to be done and probably more to be said about that as we look to publish the first round of engineering in the coming weeks. I think that's pretty much it. Great. Next question is from Hayden Macquarie. He says, is the long-term production target post the expansion still approximately 1 million tons per annum or have you made some changes to long-term recovery assumptions? And secondly, what percentage of sales in 2022 are likely to be on the BMX platform? Okay. Yep. So long-term production Hayden is still targeting beyond 1 million tons per annum of sputumane concentrate and broadly speaking you know that should happen in the period of 2000 and the latter part of 2023, early part of 2024 onwards. Now more work to be done from an engineering and a delivery point of view but we have no doubt that Pilgangora as a production centre has that capacity and it will be a very important part of global supply so yes very much still in the picture. With respect to recovery it's actually no nothing's changed with respect to our views around recovery. Consistent with previous commentary, slightly lower recoveries at Nuggetu just as a function of the way that plant works in comparison to Pilgang and the slightly lower head grade overall likely to be fed to Nuggetu over time but recovery is still the same and the flotation is still a very important part of the future at Pilgangora whether at Pilgang or or at Nuggetu. Okay so sorry to the boomer platform yeah well there's still some uncertainty so that's a function of how quickly we can bring on the remaining capacity at Nuggetu from a production point view it's still relatively early case because we're only relying on HMS in the transitional war. The flotation circuit construction is well advanced we're into the cells now and still expecting that those cells will be fired up from a construction point of view we're finishing off the last of the construction in the cells to align it with our flotation technique and a view that they'll be commissioned from later in the March quarter. So then the question is how quickly we can bring that on to bring on additional capacity because that capacity and then whatever we can stretch fill gain to that becomes excess capacity to go to the BMX platform. So it's difficult to be definitive to be honest Hayden about what ultimately gets sold on spot this startup. Once the plant is at full capacity so 580,000 tons then approximately 200,000 tons of that is available. they're at disposal to sell as we choose and at the moment we would choose to sell by far the majority of that to the BMX platform because pricing is going to be very strong. Chemical conversion industry is going to give away their margin to secure spodumane supply in which case spodumane supply or pricing will surprise the outside. Thanks Ken. There were a couple of other BMX questions. I'll just group them together and apologies if we're going over the same ground here but one was to confirm are you expecting a BMX option this quarter? Yes. And the second was if all goes well with the number two plants can you give some sort of estimate of how many BMX sales and tonnages in total is you expecting for this calendar year? I guess similar to my previous comments about the speed with which the mortgage new plan comes on. I can be more definitive about once the capacity has been built out because then you would have approximately an auction every three weeks roughly as represented by the total excess capacity that makes its way to the spot market. Great. thanks Ken. A question here from Mr Mills. He says as the company moves relatively quickly to P680 and P1000 what concerns should there be or are there with shipping movements to markets given global shipping challenges and increased costs? Oh yes. Well our experience is that we don't have typically accessing vessels. There's enough trade and vessels available in our sector that we don't particularly have difficulty accessing the vessels themselves. It's just the cost of attracting the vessels that's the issue. There has been some relief, a little bit of relief in this quarter with respect to shipping costs. We've taken shipping costs at about 70 to 80 US dollars a tonne average shipping costs, Brian, from memory were about 55 or something of those So it's come off slightly which is indicative of more vessels being available but again make the point it's not so much that you can't get a vessel it's just the cost of the vessel itself. Thanks Ken just a couple of market related questions to wrap up first one from Mr Zeng he asked if you can offer some commentary on the impact on the lithium market of some recent developments we've seen for instance the Rio Tinto project in Serbia and also some of the political changes in Chile and any potential ramifications of those developments for lithium supply. Well the first thing that comes to mind and no disrespect to the analyst community but it's easy to put supply numbers in it's not so easy to deliver them on the ground by the time you're doing that a lot more complexities come into play you've heard from Pilbara about difficulties in bringing in additional capacity well our experience with it you know is not we're not on our Pat Malone bringing on spodumine supply and lithium units globally is challenging and especially when you think about the combination of volume volume growth and quality and each of those are going to be overestimated in our view in which case markets will continue to be tight for quite some time we've heard many analysts say over the years that lithium markets will be oversupplied there's plenty of lithium in the world but there's not plenty of lithium in the world that fits the right combination of location quality of supply accessibility or infrastructure in the right jurisdictions that don't otherwise suffer from geopolitical challenges yeah I mean it's a complex world of an industrial mineral supply chain that doesn't want to be complex but naturally is thanks Ken one final one it's a related question but a good one to wrap up on this gentleman says major car manufacturers are talking big numbers for EV production through to 2030 is there enough lithium to achieve those production forecasts I don't want to be trite but car makers have been asleep at the wheel they haven't been paying enough attention to the raw materials supply base in battery raw materials in the last five years and it's coming back to haunt them because insufficient incentive was placed in the market when it was really required and especially in that period three to five years ago to get to where we need to be today so not enough capital flowing upstream not enough definitive off-take agreements that tie up the supply chain not enough interconnected agreements that motivate the supply chain to be interconnected each of those things represents a serious challenge to the industry that should have been solved some years ago but now needs to be solved and we'll take some years to get right excellent thanks Ken that's all from the online thank you Nick Rachel it sounds like we're all done thank you that does conclude our conference for today thank you for participating you may now disconnect