 So, thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone.
 We are now in the home stretch of our fiscal year, 2017,
 and considering the health care environment
 that we operate in.
 We are pleased with our results after nine months.
 This morning I will provide a detailed review of our third quarter financial result and
 updates on our full year 17 outlook and then make some high-level comments around our thoughts
 for fiscal 18.
 We finished slightly better than expected
 in the third quarter with adjusted dilute EPS at $1.43,
 an increase of 4%.
 Despite some challenges and operating income,
 Pharmaceutical Distribution Services segment.
 We are able to overcome these headwinds
 and still grow our adjusted EPS.
 I will review the segments a little later.
 Let's begin with our consolidated results.
 ADC revenues were $38.7 billion, up 5 percent, helped by solid unit volume growth across several
 of our businesses.
 As discussed in prior corners, we again experienced a decline in year-over-year hepatitis C revenues of about 20%.
 causing a drag on our quarterly growth rate of about 120 basis points.
 The quarter of the adjusted gross profit was down by about one percent to just under $1.1 billion.
 Our other segment, which consists of global commercialization services and animal health,
 continued with its excellent growth.
 But this statement clearly offsets the girls' profit decline
 in our pharmaceutical distribution segment.
 operating expenses, we continue to be laser-focused on spending in the right areas and leveraging
 All our optics was up about 2%.
 On a year-to-day basis, our positive expense trends
 have in part that related to effectively managing the opening dates of several new distribution
 As Steve mentioned, it wasn't practical to delay the openings any longer, and we've now opened four state-of-the-art DCs this year.
 The up-check in our third-quarter operating expenses, including depreciation, is primarily
 the results of these openings.
 We will open one more DC in Q4 and the last two new DCs will open in early fiscal 18.
 Our adjusted operating income was $471 million, down about 5% with operating margin down 12
 due to the decrease in gross profit in our pharmaceutical distribution segment.
 Moving below the operating income line,
 Our adjusted income tax rate was 27% down significantly
 from the prior year due to two primary drivers.
 The first tax item as discussed on prior calls,
 We again recognize the benefits, the income taxes,
 related to the accounting rule change
 and insure base compensation.
 this benefit impacted our quarterly tax rate by roughly 2%.
 In the second and third quarters,
 our share price has been higher,
 which has resulted in a large number of employee exercises.
 Given the nature of the tax benefit,
 It is very difficult to forecast the timing of exercises
 and the ultimate impact to our tax rate and financials.
 The second hack item in conjunction
 with our filing of our fiscal 16 federal tax return.
 We finish our combined R&D credits and section 199,
 with excellent first-time results.
 We mentioned this work on our call last quarter.
 These tax projects contribute a tax benefit to the current port.
 However, about $10 million of the tax benefit was related to prior fiscal years and is a
 a discrete one-time item.
 Consequently, we had a non-returring 2% tax rate
 in the quarter or a positive 5-cent benefit to our adjusted EPS.
 Our adjustment that income was up roughly 2% to $318 million.
 We continue to find ways to grow, despite headwinds,
 and an evolving health care market.
 Our adjusted diluted share count decreased nearly 7 million shares for 3% year over year
 to 222 million shares.
 We did not repurchase shares during the June quarter as we repaid our $600 million senior
 notes upon maturity in May.
 We have about $890 million remaining on our board authorized share repurchase program
 are consolidated results.
 In the June quarter, we had negative free cash flow of $354 million, which was lower
 than anticipated due to a slower wind-out of extra inventory related to holiday timing
 and to a lesser degree, the working capital impact
 from the new Prime JV business,
 which has a heavy, brand-drug,
 inventory and cells mixed.
 Our year-to-date fiscal 17 pre-cash level
 was a negative $248 million.
 Let me highlight, we continue to expect meaningful,
 positive, free cash flow in our Q4.
 Similar to the cash flow performance we've had in Q4 our last two fiscal years.
 The end of the quarter was roughly $1.3 billion in total cash, a little lower than normal,
 primarily to repaying the base in your notes and the inventory timing I just
 mentioned. Our total cash amount we held, other total cash amount we held about $800 million
 off shore. This finishes our review of
 the
 you can solidate a result.
 Now let's turn to segment results starting
 with pharmaceutical distribution services.
 Total payment revenues were $37 billion, up a solid 5%.
 Our independent customer segment
 had very good organic growth at nearly 7%.
 We continue to see the benefits of working with our customer buying groups to approve
 overall compliance rates.
 which has translated into reduced leakage.
 We have been able to demonstrate value to our pharmacy customers
 when they source a higher percentage of their generics from us.
 Because of these efforts, the business had another solid quarter of generic volume growth.
 Our AVSG specialty business, which primarily focuses on physician-administered drugs and
 and another strong revenue quarter
 growth of just over 10% driven mostly by increased volumes.
 This is a 14 consecutive quarter of 10% or better revenue growth.
 We continue to see excellent revenue growth primarily in oncology,
 but also in several other therapeutic classes.
 Let me highlight one more time that the distribution segment had a revenue headwind of about 120
 basis points due to lower hepatitis C sales in the quarter.
 our Hepatitis C revenues on a sequential basis.
 So between our marks and June fours, we're flat.
 This is the first time in the last eight quarters
 That's the question.
 revenues did not decline.
 statement operating code with three hundred seventy seven million dollars
 down about nine percent.
 The same is best, it is from the continued growth
 in our businesses that primarily service tradition practices
 with especially drugs, with income up just over 10%.
 The statement also benefited from overall grant and
 in generic volume growth.
 However, the overall decline in the segment's operative income was caused by three meaningful
 First on the drug pricing side, the 2016 June quarter was the last quarter we had instances
 of impactful generic drug price increases.
 We had a nominal contribution in the current June 17 quarter.
 To a lesser degree, we also had a headwind from lower granulation in the current quarter.
 Second, we renewed a key contract with Keiser last year.
 This repricing was a gross profit headwind in the June 17th quarter.
 As we enter the September quarter, this contract renewal headwind is now anniversary.
 we continue to experience lower throughput or shipments at our farmedium business.
 The business team is working diligently to complete the QC process.
 In addition to enhancing compliance,
 this will also lead to a superior quality offering
 and provide a further competitive advantage in the market.
 So in summary, the segment continues to make progress in several key areas.
 Some of the contributions weren't enough to offset the headwinds this quarter.
 We can now move to the other statement.
 This segment includes Rural Courier, Amerisource Virgin Consulting, and MWI.
 Businesses that focus on global commercialization services and animal health.
 In the June quarter, revenues reached a record $1.7 billion up 11 percent.
 Our MWI and consulting businesses have revenue growth just over 10%.
 Our real career business had a record number of shipments in the quarter.
 And on a comparable basis, revenue growth in U.S. dollars was 7 percent or 10 percent in local currency.
 To provide a little more color on MWI, we had a strong revenue quarter with comparable
 U.S. companion animal revenue growth of 11 percent, primarily from sales of new innovative
 drugs, organic growth with existing customers, and the addition of new customers.
 Operating Income's standpoint, this segment had an excellent quarter, with Operating Income
 of $95 million and a growth rate of 15%.
 We are especially pleased with the results of this quarter of World Courier and our last
 to consulting businesses.
 This completes our segment review.
 Let's move to our full-year fiscal 17 expectations.
 With one quarter to go, we are updating our guidance.
 revenues. We are revising the full year growth rate to a range of approximately 5%. At this
 At this point in the year, we have a better understanding of market and customer dynamics
 related manufacturer products.
 pricing trends, and script growth rates.
 Let me highlight this a bit.
 of an unusual year that we will have two less business days
 a little 17 versus the prior year.
 Moving on to operating expenses.
 We continue to expect an overall increase of 2% to 3% in four-year affects.
 operating income, we now expect operating income dollar growth to be relatively flat
 versus fiscal 16, primarily due to lower revenue growth,
 A slightly lower contribution in Q4 from brand drug price increases and a slightly lower
 contribution from Formatio. Income taxes, based on favorable year
 is a tax benefit and initiatives.
 We now expect that our full year cash rate
 will be approximately 31%.
 By just the DPS, we are now revising our full year guidance
 to a new range of $5.82 cents to $5.92 cents,
 The race reflects growth of 4% to 5% versus fiscal 2016.
 and we currently expect to end the year in the mid to upper half of that range.
 Free cash flow. We now expect to finish the year between $750 million and $1 billion in free cash flow.
 The $216 million litigation reserve that we highlighted in our press release and a case
 this morning is likely to be paid by September 30th.
 And to a lesser degree, we expect our cash flow to be negatively impacted by the investments
 to onboarding the Prime JV business and lower overall revenues.
 That concludes our discussion
 fiscal 17 financial guidance.
 Looking ahead, while we have a strong handle on our business,
 Our corporate process moving forward will be to provide comprehensive financial guidance
 at the end of the fiscal year.
 Our guidance needs to be informed by and reflective of the formal output of our completed business planning process.
 As Steve discussed, we are also working through our new ABC organizational structure.
 Consequently, we are still in the early stages of our fiscal 18 business plan process.
 However, we are in a position to share some select commentary on headwinds and tailwinds.
 Starting with the headwind. First pricing. For grand inflation, based on the actual pricing
 activity to date, it's likely that the inflation rate we model for fiscal 18 will be at the
 or slightly below our fiscal year 17 range.
 to generate eflation.
 It's important to remember that deflation is a headwind,
 that we have to work to offset.
 primarily achieved by increasing volume.
 We have yet to see generic deflation ease from its current high-single digits where it's
 been...
 for about three quarters now.
 We are still evaluating the probability
 of this continuing in the fiscal 18
 as part of our planning process.
 Next, operating expenses.
 As mentioned previously, we decelerated the opening of our new DCs,
 minimizing the fiscal 17-OPEX impact.
 This strategic phasing means that the fiscal 18-related DC
 will be considerably higher.
 It's likely there will be a mismatch of new GT-Offects with any associated incremental
 revenues. Also, in relation to our reorganization, we are currently evaluating possible investments
 and IT systems.
 These investments may yield organizational benefits
 and efficiencies over time, but would be a short-term headwind.
 Overall, we will be diligent in our strong management of OPEX, but we do anticipate a
 higher office growth rate in fiscal 18.
 The last headwind to call out at this point is taxes.
 We will see an increase in our overall tax rate
 as we expect to favorable benefits
 from employee option exercises to slow.
 Additionally, we have to last certain one-time discrete tax benefits, recognize the date,
 in fiscal 2017.
 And finally, as a reminder, the addition of any significant new U.S. business,
 like Walgreens pending acquisition of the right pharmacies,
 We'll change the mix of our pre-tax income
 and increase our overall tax rate.
 Let's close the CISCO 18 discussion with Talwood.
 First Revenues.
 our customer base, which is...
 which includes our strategic partner relationships
 to continue to grow in today's healthcare environment.
 This, combined with our leadership and specialty,
 differentiates us and will enable strong top-line revenue growth.
 The next tell went...
 Compliance rates for our independent customers.
 We have made steady progress during the last 12 months, reducing leakage and improving our market share.
 we expect to make further progress in fiscal 18, but likely at a slower pace.
 Let me point out, once compliance rates reach higher levels, it becomes increasingly difficult
 to capture incremental volumes.
 especially since we aren't willing
 to sacrifice fair compensation.
 And the last tell-it, our medial.
 As I mentioned, we anticipate that we will complete the quality edition of this fiscal year.
 Customers are already seeing the value in our superior quality standards.
 We expect sale volumes and growth rates to ramp during CISO 18.
 I'm wrapping up my comments this morning.
 At this point, we expect that healthcare environment
 will be similar in fiscal 18 to this year.
 have shown our ability to execute within the current market. Therefore, we are
 uniquely positioned and we remain confident in our ability to grow our business in the
 coming year.
 As always, we continue to focus on achieving our core objectives, delivering outstanding
 service, solutions, and value to our customers, and also delivering long-term value to our
 share holders.
 Thank you, and here's Terry to start our Q&A.
 Yeah, I would just add Bob quickly.
 I think it's important to remember,
 Our deflation basket is unique to ABC.
 We may look at it differently than others.
 how we exclude launches, launches that lose,
 exclusivity, and after a certain period, we exclude those.
 So again, everybody looks at it slightly differently.
 We have more than 15,000 SKUs broad-based,
 But as Steve mentioned, we're on the high end.
 And I think it's important that, you know, for us,
 as we talk about fiscal 18, it's still an open item.
 It's clearly one of the macro items that we're evaluating.
 and is critical in terms of our plan assumption in 18.
 in 18, so we are watching it and monitoring it.
 Any additional color?
 Yeah, I'll, good morning, Garen.
 I'll start and Steve can jump in.
 I mean, we, you know, we think it's really important
 to have our planning process complete
 to make sure that we're transparent
 and it's very comprehensive.
 We're just not in a position yet to do that.
 that we have to finish our planning process
 There were just a lot of moving parts.
 So at this point, we felt it was appropriate to call out headwinds, items that we think
 Headwinds and tailwinds, items that we think that we're monitoring, they're impactful,
 we're contemplating that we need to work through.
 That's really the best we can do at this point.
 but I would say, you know, also we're also working
 through the new organizational structure.
 So I think in a lot of ways there are just several moving parts right now, and hopefully
 we will have better clarity on our top line revenue.
 I mean, I just, one more thing I would say quickly.
 is that revenue drives the P&L, drives the cash flow.
 We need to spend more time looking at our top customers revenue forecast that it could
 be organic or inorganic, product mix, pricing, you know, that's critically important.
 So we still have a fair bit of work to do.
 And when we're prepared, which is at the end of the year,
 will provide full, complete guidance.
 Just quickly so we can move along. I think Lisa for 17 one of the bigger impacts on revenue would just be in brain inflation
 And we do a large percentage in brand business and having that inflation, you know, move
 to the lower end of the range at just the sheer amount of dollars that we do is a big
 headwind and you know that was a little bit of a moving target this year on
 on where brand inflation would end.
 You know, as we look forward to 18, I mean, I think, you know,
 our largest customer strategic partner, Walgreens.
 I mean, they're ramping up.
 certain aspects, certain commercial business activities,
 And just like Prime, we'll have that.
 We'll have that commercial business for the whole year next year in 18, so we'll have
 benefit.
 And as we contemplate fiscal year 18 and good solid revenue growth, we're not factoring
 in acquisitions or inorganic roads.
 It's just a full year impact of the organic growth.
 Yeah, I mean, I would say certainly we're behind a little bit in terms of where we are
 for the year where we thought we'd be for our third quarter,
 But most of that is timing, and we'll reverse in Q4.
 we still expect a pretty solid free cash flow
 for fiscal year 17.
 I think it's important to really stress that, you know, just from a foundational standpoint,
 nothing's changed. We're, you know, we are a little bit lower, you know,
 and free cash flow this year in 2017
 than we expected originally, but the core, you know,
 and core cash flow metrics are still all in place.
 I mean, in terms of next year, I wouldn't say, you know, to call anything out.
 We expect we're still committed to our target.
 I think that's really important.
 We're still committed to our target of free cash flow at approximately 125% of adjusted
 in that income, given the mix and how we expect to grow generics.
 I mean, I think that's a real positive point
 to make to everybody.
 Thanks, Kevin. Again, my comments that from earlier were definitely that we would see
 OpEx growth.
 I mean, we're going to be very mindful and do what we can, but we're going to have the
 full-year impact of the DCs open.
 Some will still have the new DC and the old DC.
 We mentioned ABC order.
 mentioned fusion I mean these are these are fairly large systems that that again
 And as you think about it, we bring on a new system and we still have the expense of the
 old system.
 So in many ways, next year we have some duplication, and we don't have the full-year benefit of
 gross profit, or savings, or revenues, so there is, I called that a little bit of a mismatch.
 I don't think we're ready to tell you specifically, but we just know that, you know, we've done
 a terrific job this year. We're going to be up two to three percent, which is just outstanding
 for the company.
 just telling our investors in the sell side,
 as you think about AT&T model,
 just make sure you contemplate that it's going up
 because of these items.
 Yeah, let me let me just jump in here the the change in our cash flow guidance free cash flow guidance for 17
 is strictly due to one, the litigation reserve,
 which we highlighted this morning, $260 million that we fully expect to pay and fund by the
 end of the year and then almost equally is really the investment in the prime business
 which is heavy brand, and the cash conversion cycle just isn't as optimized as generic.
 So that's really the change of why we had to drop the free cash flow guidance for full
 year of fiscal 17.
 about them oddly.
 I'll take Steve, I'll jump in and take the last one just about out, thanks again, I you know, you know Ricky
 I just can't be real specific at this point.
 We're still working through all that, but, I mean,
 And year to date, we were through March through six months, we were able to leave flat on
 On OPEX, you know, at this quarter, we were up 2%.
 You know, in Q4, you know, it's certainly going to be higher in order to glide into the two
 two to three that we said for the year.
 And again, a lot of the duplication from 17
 is coming in the second half or even late in the year.
 So I just, the point is you need to, you know,
 as we communicate out externally and in your model,
 you need to just be thoughtful like we're being in terms of next year is going to be
 be on a little bit higher, certainly, as you think about our optics trend.
 Yeah, and I'll jump in and say Ross, I mean, Steve mentioned it, but capital appointments
 critically important to us.
 It's certainly part of the equation
 to get back to that aspirational mid-teens.
 And we, our balance sheet, we're in terrific position.
 With our balance sheet, we've worked hard to do that and we talked about earlier on
 We expect to get back to a very solid, you know, free cash flow in AT&B on.
 So we're going to be positioned very well to deploy capital.
 at all.
 Charles, thanks. We listed out the headwinds. We didn't necessarily put them in any type
 a rank order, they're items that we're looking at and evaluating.
 So I'd prefer probably not to evaluate them.
 But again, we, being transparent, we let you know what we're thinking about, you know,
 In terms of generic deflation, certainly there's a top 10 list that has higher deflation, the
 the deflation that we see in our basket
 is maybe a little bit more broad-based.
 So again, in our comments, I think we expected not to ease,
 at least where we're at right now,
 We don't think that anything will change.
 We're still saying it's going to be in that seven to nine and not easing, not getting worse.
 So that's positive, it's stable, but still in that seven and nine.
 One more comment from Tim.
 Oh, no, Steve, I just thought, you know, it's important to, I think, Evan, maybe you're
 We're asking just about a headwind or impacts, and we wouldn't expect, you know, as we
 convert those over, we wouldn't expect to have a headwind and convert those, you know,
 convert the economics over to fee-for-service.
 You know, we provide substantial value to manufacturers, and we believe we should be
 be fairly compensated for that.
 And that's what...
 we are always working to do.