 I'm very pleased to be here.
 Let's review our fourth quarter financial results.
 The total company revenue for the fourth quarter
 was $293.2 million, up 5.2% from the prior quarter, and up 27.3% from the corresponding
 quarter a year ago.
 On a constant currency basis,
 Our reported Q4 revenue was reduced by approximately $3 million, both sequentially and year over
 year.
 as a result of foreign exchange rate fluctuations
 to the strength of the U.S. dollar.
 A fourth quarter clear aligner revenue of $251.5 million, which now includes both Invisalign
 and Smile Direct Club Align-of-Revenue was up 3.2 percent sequentially reflecting growth
 of Invisalign volume partially offset by lower Invisalign ASDs.
 our few for shipment volumes and revenue to Smiledirect Club were immaterial to the
 quarter.
 A year of e-
 .
 clear-aligner revenue growth of 17.5% reflected in Visiline case volume growth across all customer
 channel and geography.
 Q4 Invisalign ASPs were down sequentially $50 from Q3 to about $1,230, reflecting higher
 promotional activity and the impact for an exchange rate.
 On a year-over-year basis, Q4 and Visiline ASBs were down approximately $20, primarily
 due to promotional activity and, again, the impact of foreign exchange rates, which was
 partially offset by price increases.
 For the fourth quarter, total in-visi-line shipment
 of about 190,000 cases were up 6.9% sequentially.
 reflecting growth primarily from our IMAEA and North American customers.
 Year-over-year Invisalign case volume growth was 18.5 percent, driven by growth across all regions.
 For North American orthodontists, Q4 invisiline case volume was up 3.2 percent sequentially
 and up 20.2% year-over-year.
 For North American GP Dennis, case volume was up 9.1%
 sequentially in up 9.5% year-over-year.
 For international doctors, Invisalign case volume was up 9.1 percent sequentially and
 25% year-over-year. Reflecting continued expansion of our customer base as well as
 increased utilization.
 Worldwide Invisalign Utilization in Q4 was a record 5.2 cases per doctor, up from 4.9
 and Q4 last year.
 North America Fortho Utilization was a record 11.3,
 up from 9.9 in the prior year.
 North America GP utilization was 3.2.
 slightly up from 3.1 in the prior year.
 international utilization with 5.0.
 from Q4 last year as we continue to expand our customer base.
 In Q4, we added 3,700 new Invisalign doctors worldwide,
 of which 1,420 were new North American doctors
 and 2,280 of which were new international doctors.
 compared to 2,615 in Q3 and 2,670 total doctors trained in the same quarter last year.
 Note that the total number of doctors trained
 in Q4 includes 670 Invisalign GO doctors in IMEA
 that were recruited over the course of the year.
 Our scanner and services revenue for the fourth quarter
 was $41.7 million.
 up 19.3% sequentially and up 156.8% year-over-year.
 Moving on to gross margin.
 gross margin. Fourth quarter overall gross margin was 75.1 percent. Plastic
 and up to 0.1 point year-over-year.
 Clear Alina growth margin for the fourth quarter was 77.5 percent, down 0.2 points sequentially
 primarily due to lower Invisalign ASDs,
 partially offset by cost leverage from higher volume.
 Clear line of gross margins were down 0.4 point year-over-year, primarily due to increased
 aligners per case as we continue to treat more complex cases.
 due for gross margins for our standard segment
 was a record 61%, up 3.9 points sequentially.
 and 23.2 point year over year.
 both the sequential and year-over-year increases
 were primarily a result of higher ASBs and lower manufacturing costs of our ITERO element
 scanner relative to our previous scanner.
 for operating expenses were $151.9 million, up sequentially by $4.8 million, or 3.2 percent.
 primarily related to increased employee headcount,
 which was partially offset by lower media cost
 and foreign exchange rate impact.
 And a year-over-year basis, due for offering expenses were up 33.8 percent, reflecting
 an increased headcount and continued investment
 now go to market activities,
 each critical to the growth of the business.
 Our fourth quarter operating margin was 23.3%,
 up one point sequentially and down two and a half points year over year.
 a sequential increase in operating margin
 relates primarily to APEX leverage from higher volumes and revenue.
 on a year-over-year basis, decreased operating margin,
 primarily reflect higher effects as we've grown the business.
 on a sequential and year-over-year basis.
 Q4 operate margin was minimally impacted by foreign exchange rates, as we have a natural
 between our revenue and operating expenses.
 with regards to our fourth quarter tax provision,
 Our tax rate was 19.8% up by approximately 1.4 points
 content compared to Q3 to 16.
 Recall that Q3 was benefited by a change in our corporate structure as part of our ERP implementation.
 Commencing in the fourth quarter, we also began to plan aligners to Smile Direct Club.
 costs for this activity are included in our operating profits and reported results.
 although they were immaterial to the company.
 Additionally, we also report our share of Smile Direct Clubs losses below operating
 and our tax provision and is entitled Equity and Losses of Investing Net of Tax.
 This U4 loss net of tax was approximately $1.2 million, or $0.1 per diluted share.
 Fourth quarter's eluded earnings per share was 59 cents compared to 63 cents reported
 in Q3 and 60 cents reported in the same quarter last year.
 The fourth quarter EPS was unfavorably impacted by a stronger U.S. dollar, which amounted to
 approximately eight cents per share, primarily due to the net realized foreign exchange losses
 related to the revaluation of certain balance sheet accounts.
 addressing unrealized foreign exchange losses included
 in other income and expense.
 in conjunction with the implementation
 of our new International Corporate Structure in July.
 We changed the functional currency of our Netherlands
 entity from Euro to U.S. As a result, monetary balance sheet accounts are revalued into U.S.
 And any impact from that is charged to the P&L.
 the P&L. Prior to this change, these impacts were charged to the balance sheet. We have
 have now changed their processes to limit our exposure and the impact of these kinds
 of the currency movement, which we believe should not have nearly as large of an impact
 and earnings going forward.
 Moving on to the balance sheet as of the fourth quarter cash cash equivalent and marketable
 securities, including both short and long-term investments, were a record $700 million.
 compared to $678.7 million at the end of 2015, an increase of approximately $21.3 million.
 All of our $700 million of cash equivalent
 and marketable securities, $241 million was held by the U.S. and $459 million was held
 by our international entities.
 Q4 accounts receivable balance of $247.4 million, up approximately 1% sequentially.
 Our overall DSO was 76 days, down two days sequentially, and up 14 days year-over-year.
 The year-over-year increase is a result of our new ERP system implemented in July 2016.
 other related systems that impacted the timing of our customer collection.
 As we indicated last quarter, we anticipate that our DSOs will remain above our historical
 average for several quarters as we work through these changes.
 Cash flow from operations for the fourth quarter was $81 million, and free cash flow for the
 quarter to find as cash flow from operations less capital expenditures amounted to a record
 to $66.8 billion.
 Capital expenditures for the fourth quarter were $14.2 million, primarily relating to
 equipment purchases for additional manufacturing capacity, as well as building improvement.
 In the fourth quarter, we purchased approximately 0.4 million shares of stock for $38 million
 under the April 2014 repurchase plan.
 subsequent to year, and we completed this plan.
 to be purchasing the remaining $3.8 million.
 We still have $300 million available for repurchase under the 2016 repurchase plan which we announced
 last April.
 Before we move to Q1 Outlook, I would like to make a few comments on the full year 2016
 In 2016, we shipped a record 708,000 Invisalign cases of 21.5 percent.
 This reflects 32.4 percent volume growth from our international doctors and 16.4 percent
 and volume growth for my North American doctors.
 Shipments of our ITERO scanner were up more than three times over 2015 to nearly 4,000
 in it.
 Total revenue was a record $1.1 billion, up 27.7% year over year.
 Full-year operating income of $248.9 million for 23.1% of revenue.
 Every cash flow was $177.1 million.
 For the year, we report purchased 1.1 million shares of aligned stock for $96.2 million.
 In 2016, diluted EPS was $2.33.
 With that, let's turn our business output and the factors that inform our view, starting
 with demand outlook for our international market.
 Expect seasonally slower periods for APEC with the Lunar New Year and for EMEA with
 winter holiday invocations.
 for North America, Seasonally Up GP, and Orphos.
 for our scanner business,
 If you want capital equipment purchases, our seasonally slower.
 With this as a backdrop, we expect the first quarter to shape up as follows.
 Invisalign...
 The case volume is anticipated to be in the range of 200,000 to 203,000 cases, up a prox
 approximately 22.2 to 24% over the same period a year ago,
 reflecting continued strong demand
 across all channels and regions.
 We expect G1 net revenues to be in the range of $295 million to $298 million and increase
 of 23.6% to 24.8% year-over-year, with gross margins in the range of 74.2% to 74.5%.
 We expect Q1 operating expenses to be in a range of $162.5 million to $164.5 million.
 quarter over quarter primarily due to the increased headcount and increased marketing
 expenses. E1 operating margin should be in a range of 19.1% to 19.3%. Regarding our tax
 At the start of 2017, we adopted accounting standards updates entitled improvements to
 Employee Share-Based Payment Accounting.
 under this new standard.
 Exit.
 access, tax benefits, and deficiencies.
 a show created with employee-share-based payments
 are no longer recognized as paid in capital
 on the balance sheet.
 but instead recognize directly the income tax expense
 or benefit in the income statement for the reporting
 period in which they occur.
 Under this new standard, we expect our Q1 effective tax rate to be approximately one
 to 2%, which includes $12 million in excess tax benefits.
 We estimate the Q1 impact of the Smile Direct Pub Transactions will reduce earnings per share
 by one cent for diluted chair.
 And diluted chairs' upstanding should be approximately 81.3 million, exclusive of any
 share repurchases.
 taken together, we expect our few one
 diluted earnings per share to be in a range of 64 to 67 cents, which includes approximately
 14 cents of excess tax benefits.
 Finally, it should be noted that our Q1 CAPEX will be larger than normal as we recently entered
 into a purchase agreement for a new facility
 in San Jose, California.
 Accordingly, U1-CAPX should be approximately $70 to $75 million.
 Now, let me turn our view to the full year.
 We anticipate 2017 revenue growth to be above the midpoint of our long-term operating model
 range of 15 to 25%.
 We also expect Invisalign revenue and volume growth
 be at or above midpoint of that model.
 As for our scanner business, recall that 2016 revenue
 and volume growth significantly benefited
 from the unfilled backlog carried over from 2015.
 And while we expect the standard business to do well and continue to grow, we would
 not expect the same rate of growth of volume and revenue as we saw in 2016.
 expect operating margins to be flat to slightly up over our 2016 results.
 Those investments will include
 Geographic expansion, both in countries and markets, we already serve, as well as expansion
 into new territories, including Latin America and India.
 an aggressive, direct-to-consumer,
 advertising campaign targeted directly at teens,
 international expansion of the Invisalign value chain,
 including order acquisition and treatment planning
 to get closer to our customers, as Joe mentioned.
 commercialization of several new products, including Team Class 2,
 and debular advancement feature for international markets,
 Invisalign Go for North America and new ITERO scanner features and functionality and implementation
 of the CFM model in North America and APEC, which was previously rolled out in a mail.
 We believe these investments are key to the continued customer adoption and acceleration
 of our growth.
 Similar to last year, many of these investments will take time before they realize meaningful
 return.
 We expect the equity loss from our investment in smile direct clubs to be two to three times
 since the 2016 losses we recorded.
 We expect our tax rate for 2017 to be approximately 18%,
 which includes 19 million of excess tax benefits.
 Finally, as typical, we expect our earnings power in the second half of the year to be
 stronger than in the first half.
 second half operating profits still count for somewhere in the range of 56 to 58 percent
 of our full year results.
 With that, I'll turn it back over to Joe
 for final comment.
 quite easy uh... out of everything
 Our production right now is fully in Juarez, Mexico.
 and 50% of that production goes to North America
 40% goes over speed.
 Now you're asking me to comment on Trump's comments.
 I don't know which tweet he'd want me to address, okay?
 All those tweets have different financial scenarios to them.
 Part of this also is going to be a reduction of the corporate tax rate.
 if I could come together maybe at the 20% range or so.
 So it's really hard, Brandon, to kind of wash this in and out right now.
 What I want to give investors confidence
 that we're aware of it,
 We'll make the needed kind of changes from a flexibility standpoint.
 we could be nimble, what needs to be done.
 But the last thing I'd say is, you know, our Mexican facility,
 I don't want it to be looked at as a low-cost facility.
 This is an incredibly high-tech, incredibly important asset to us.
 And so at least he's invested tons of money over 20 years
 to bring.
 This is a modern day protection facility.
 It's the biggest 3D printing business in the world.
 This is a fairly valuable asset for us, and we'll do all we can just to make that
 is productive as possible, regardless of what we see
 the other current administration.
 Steve, this is John.
 I think what we saw, we saw a very good volume in Q4,
 And I think that's what led to strong shipments
 and strong revenue performance.
 in Q4, and we've seen that continue into January,
 and into 2017.
 that we feel very good about where we're at
 from a volume standpoint, and that's why we've given the Q1
 and it's in health insurance and where we think we're going to be at for 2017.
 No.
 As you look back at order patterns over the last several months, do you think it might
 have been in part more of a timing issue where new orders were delayed out to the latter
 stages of the year and into January?
 I think you've got to look it.
 Yes, sir.
 It's very minimal, we're definitely ramping up and growing with Smile Direct Club, but
 in our numbers is very, very minimal.
 for the cost there.
 On your DSO question, I'd say don't misinterpret my answer on the DSOs.
 they have some pretty good targets in the sense that they can grow.
 Don't get a commensurate kind of a, you know, discount from an Invisalign team point.
 The thing is in the whole mix of products that we have in North America, don't overweigh
 that thing is falling down to the overall total, but you'll see if DSOs can grow
 Well, breathably, I thought we were rewarded for it,
 We will continue to go that way.
 For the ASPC employee, I think you have to remember
 we got Friday last year, too, and that helps in essence.
 FX didn't help us, you know, in the fourth quarter
 that way also. So, we're playing in a bandwidth here of, you know, pricing increases, FX of
 20, you know, 20 bucks or so.
 And I have no idea what you're doing.
 Yeah, international mix is going on.
 Oh, I still make pushes, though.
 Oh, okay.
 It's a fiery scene outside the United States, especially in fact.
 Yeah.
 So I, you know, look, I think David.
 We continue to guide ASPs who are pretty much, you know, constant from year to year.
 We still think about that, but there's a lot of noise in that when you think of FX and
 and promotions that we do, and big flexural adventures.
 But we're, you know, we're counting on a pretty level as we go on and play.