 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by.
 I'm Konstantinos, your course call operator.
 Welcome and thank you for joining the Hespiburada conference call and live webcast to present
 and discuss the second quarter 2021 financial results.
 All participants will be in listen-only mode and the conference is being recorded.
 The presentation will be followed by a question and answer session.
 Should anyone need assistance during the conference call, you may signal an operator by pressing star and zero on your telephone.
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Herin Tzedek-Bulek, Investor Relations Director.
 Mr. Kleck, you may now proceed.
 Thanks, BookRacers.
 Thank you for joining us today for Hepsi Burada's second quarter 2021 earnings call.
 I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by our CEO, Murat Enirda, and our CFO, Korhan Öz.
 The following discussion, including responses to your questions,
 reflect management views as of today
 date only.
 We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information, except as required by law.
 Certain statements made on today's call are forward-looking statements.
 Actual results may differ material from these forward-looking statements.
 Please refer to today's earnings release as well as the risk factors described in the
 safe harbor slide of today's presentation.
 today's press release, the sixth case
 in our perspective
 filed with the SEC on July 1st, 2021 and other SEC filings for information about factors
 which could cause our actual results
 to differ materially from these forward-looking statements.
 Also, we will reference certain non-IFRS measures during today's call.
 Please refer to the attendance of our supplemental slide deck
 as well as today's earnings press release
 for a presentation of the most directly comparable IFRS measure
 as well as the relevant IFRS and non-IFRS reconciliation.
 As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available on the Investor Relations page
 of Hipsy Brothers' website.
 With that, I will hand it over to our CEO, Murat.
 Thanks a lot.
 We are so excited to have our first earnings call ever as the only Nasdaq-listed Turkish company.
 before we dive into the
 taking the quality of the results.
 I would like to take a moment to give an overview of our super-wrapped ecosystem and focus on
 some of the key fundamentals that contribute to the success of F.T.
 brother.
 helps the brother, the home-groom
 company that has played a fundamental role in the development of e-commerce in Turkey
 over the last 20 years.
 Our name helps you
 Burada literally means everything is here and is synonymous with a seamless online shopping
 experience and benefits from very strong brand awareness.
 Our vision is to lead digitalization of commerce.
 To that end, we have evolved from an e-commerce platform into an integrated ecosystem of products
 and services.
 centered on making people's daily lives easier.
 They operate in an attractive market that has a large, young, urbanized and tax-savvy population.
 The Turkish market is at an inflection point, with a growing e-commerce penetration expected
 to exceed 20% between total retail by 2025.
 That's that, roughly 90% of total retail is still offline, offering a large
 of a large amount of retail.
 for growth.
 Our sweep wrap is at the center of our gallery proposition and acts as one-stop shop for
 customers by offering a broad range of products and services and by creating
 differentiated user experience.
 Today, we are a one-stop shop for customers' everyday needs, from products and services
 to groceries and payments.
 We constantly see new ways to differentiate our customer experience with valued services
 such as frictionless return pick-up, expedited delivery services, cart splitting, instant
 customer loan, and our loyalty
 club offering.
 Also, we continue to expand into new strategic assets, including Hebstah Express, our on-demand
 growth.
 to the delivery service
 Has to pay our digital wallet companion solution
 helps to fly
 our A-Line ticket sales platform
 and HD Global are inbound
 and cross-border business.
 With our growth-oriented business model, we recorded a GMV growth at 64% CAGR between
 2015 and 2020, as we disclosed in our IPO prospectus.
 solid operational execution, capital efficiency, robot logistics network, deep
 technology capabilities, how both brand name, hybrid business model, and integrated
 ecosystem have positioned us as a home-grown company to emerge as the first ever not-existent
 Turkish company.
 Let me stop here and now turn to our second quarter results.
 Next slide, please.
 In the second quarter, our GMV grew by 38% compared to the same period of last year to 5.9 billion Turkish Lira in line with our plans.
 This performance brings the first half GMV growth to 58% on a yearly basis.
 Total number of orders in the second quarter were 13.1 million, which is the highest we
 recorded to date in a single quarter. It is important to highlight that these
 results have been against a strong baseline effect of COVID-19 pandemic
 last year and are driven by a greater active customer base, order frequency, active merchant
 base and total number of SKUs compared to the second quarter of last year.
 has suggest our in-house last mile delivery service
 achieved
 present in every city in Turkey by the end of June 2021.
 to our super
 our ecosystem value proposition
 we continue to invest
 and scale
 are strategic assets,
 particularly Hefstack Spread and Hefstay Pay, which are well positioned for strong growth.
 Within that context, we launched our digital wallet, have to pay Cüzdanım, and better
 in Hepziburada in June 2021.
 Keep on.
 Capsa Express, our on-demand grocery delivery service, has expanded its partner network to over 40 brands across over 1,800 stores.
 Overall, these results indicate our ability to deliver strong growth across the ecosystem.
 Let's have a decent look into key assets.
 We operate a large, fast, and scalable in-house logistics network with last-mile deliveries
 fulfillment and operations capabilities powered by our proprietary technology.
 We believe that our nationwide logistics network is key to our success.
 operate six fulfillment centers covering more than 120,000 square meters
 strategically located across Turkey.
 in the second quarter have suggested achieved presence in every sitting
 13.
 reaching 137 crowstocks,
 where it has to mark a nationwide pick-up and drop-off network
 expanded to more than 1,500 branded pick-up and drop-off points
 across lockers, partner local stores, gate stations, and retailers.
 As a result of its expansion, TaxiJet conducted more of retail deliveries and more of marketplace
 deliveries in Q2 2021 compared to the same period of last year.
 Let's see.
 we are able to offer a variety of
 values and services, including
 10-day, next day, delivery options.
 Delivery by appointment, including weekend, and free stimulus return, which is Hepsijet.
 picking up your return
 from your door at your preferred schedule.
 In line with our efforts to enrich valuable services,
 Hestijet also began
 rolling out two men
 cargo handling service in Q2.
 addressing the need for high quality
 and reliable service in
 in the relevant category.
 We believe that our robust logistics network gives us a significant competitive edge in
 offering strong customer experience.
 let's take a look at
 And others said he got that.
 express.
 at
 have to express.
 we aim to become a mainstream grocery shopping destination.
 embedded in FC browser super app have the express offers both instant and
 scheduled delivery options addressing grocery needs for on-demand and planned
 grocery shopping.
 By the end of the second quarter of 2021,
 has expressed has become one of the strong players in this market with around
 2,600 outsourced picking and delivery agents and has expanded its ecosystem to over 40
 brands and roughly 1,800 stores with presence across more than 50 cities in Turkey.
 We believe HepsExpress will be a key enabler to attract new customers, to engage our existing
 customers.
 audience and to unlock
 further synergies
 across services in Hefty Brada.
 Let's take a look at, has to pay.
 has to pay
 is
 designed to be a companion wallet to spend, save, and mobilize money in a
 flexible way across online and offline channels. Having acquired its license in
 in 2016, Pepsi Bay marked an important milestone
 by launching TextDepay Juzenum,
 which I will refer to as Hatsipay Wallet,
 as an embedded digital wallet product
 on our platform
 on the 10th of June.
 It is its daily penetration among eligible audience has been faster than our expectations.
 HCPay Wallet enables instant returns, cancellation, and cashback.
 Along with HefcPay Wallet, HefcPay also introduced HefcPapel, a cash-back points program that
 allows customers to earn and redeem points during purchases with the
 wallet on the Hepti Bruada platform.
 The HeftyPapel program has been instrumental in the rapid growth of FCPay wallet.
 Habsipay will enable peer-to-peer money transfers and will constantly explore new use cases
 across online and offline.
 I will now leave the floor to Corhan, our CFO, to run you through the financial performance
 in YouTube. Thank you, Murat,
 and hello.
 What inspires us in our mission of being reliable, innovative, and sincere companions in people's
 day of their lives.
 In our view, this broad mission boils down to focusing on key three aspects of online
 shopping.
 selection, price, and delivery.
 and selections without compelling
 value proposition, we doubled
 our active merchant page
 as of June 30th compared to the same day a year ago.
 This is reflected in our offering to customers as almost doubling our SKUs on our platform during the same period.
 On pricing, we seek to provide the best value for our customers by offering competitive
 prices which we have continued to uphold in Q2. On delivery, our large, fast and
 scalable in-house logistics network stands out as one of the key strengths
 which we have done by increasing our overall footprint across Turkey.
 These keep thanks
 have been instrumental in driving
 Continued customer growth
 on our platform, as well as
 higher order
 frequency on a yearly basis.
 As such, our total number of orders grew by 38%, reaching a record 13.1 million in the
 the second quarter.
 A combination of these factors has resulted in 38% GND growth in the second quarter.
 This performance was achieved against an already strong second quarter of 2020 due to
 this performance.
 effect of COVID-19
 To normalize this effect on growth figures, we have shown here two-year compounded growth rates.
 So, for the first and second quarter of 2021,
 compared to the same period last year,
 compounds the two-year growth rate
 were 68%
 and 86%
 respectively indicating a continued quarter-over-quarter
 momentum.
 It is worth mentioning that we will continue to see the baseline effect of last year on
 growth figures for the upcoming two quarters as well.
 Let me now walk you through our hybrid business model.
 Our hybrid business model offers a healthy combination of retail and marketplace.
 Having launched our marketplace six years ago, we have gradually increased its contribution to GMB, bringing it to 69% in the second quarter of 2021.
 Hence, the GND shift to 3P is expected to have strategic advantages on our business in the long term,
 such as facing a wider selection,
 availability and its competitive pricing.
 our launch of the marketplace we have
 always regarded our merchants
 as our long-term business partners.
 With this mindset, we have focused on creating value-added services for our merchants.
 We empower them with our comprehensive end-to-end solutions to thrive digitally.
 Our set of advanced tools and services include the merchant portal with merchant store management tools and advanced data analytics.
 In Q2, we upgraded our merchant portal by introducing new modules that further contributed to overall efficiency by increasing self-service actions.
 we also offer them
 advertising services through Hepsi app so that they can effectively advertise inside and outside Hepsi
 to drive their sales.
 he gives them access
 to our last mile delivery service
 Pepsijet as well as
 our fulfillment service at the logistics, where we can take care of storage, handling,
 checking of the merchandise on their
 behalf. We also
 help them get better with e-commerce by providing comprehensive
 training sessions through our training portal.
 Last but not least, we provide them with financing options to help them in their effective
 services.
 in capital management.
 In 2020, our financing program exceeded 1.3 billion Turkish Lira in volume, with 11.4 times growth in merchant and supplier financing from 2018 to 2020.
 All these value-added services have contributed to Hepsi Burada, shaping into one of the most attractive digital platforms for merchants to access 33 million members on our platform as of last year-end.
 We will continue to work towards growing our merchant base through these capabilities.
 Now let me
 elaborate on our
 ENV and revenue growth in the second quarter.
 As we have stated already, our G&V growth was 38.2%, whereas our revenue grew by 5.2% in the second quarter compared to the same period 2020.
 Our GMV refers to the total value of orders, products sold through our platform over a
 a given period of time, including value-added tax, without deducting returns and cancellations,
 including cargo income, and excluding other service revenues and transaction fees charged
 to our merchants.
 Our revenue consists of
 sale of goods, which is
 our retail model and we refer to it as
 one key plus
 market rate revenue
 which is our marketplace model
 and we refer to it as 3P plus delivery service revenue and other revenues.
 In direct sale of goods, which is retail, we act as a principle and initially
 recognize revenue on a growth basis at the time of delivery of the goods to our customers.
 In the marketplace, revenues are recorded on a net basis, mainly consisting of marketplace
 Commission transaction fees and other contract rule charges to our merchants
 Our revenue grew by 5.2% in Q2 2021 compared to the second quarter of last year.
 This was mainly driven by a 67.2% increase in our delivery services and other revenue
 and a 2.3% growth in our marketplace revenue,
 where they
 the revenue generated from
 sale of goods, which is retail, remain as flat, also detailed in the next slide.
 On the upper part of this slide,
 We show the dynamics and factors that have had an impact on our revenue growth in the
 the second quarter.
 While our GNV grew by 38.4% in Q221,
 Our revenue growth was 5.2%, reflecting the 11% pitch point rise in the share-of-marketplace
 GME. Please note
 that
 marketplace revenues are
 you pop nice
 on a net basis, ID,
 representing commission and other fees
 whereas the direct sale of goods
 that is the retail
 is zikov-nice on a gross basis.
 The contribution of the electronics domain to overall GND was around the same level as the same period last year.
 However, we sold more electronics, including appliances, mobile, and technology through
 marketplace in q2 21 than the same period of last year we continued to
 widen our selection with
 expanding merchant base and competitive
 prices in the market by our strategic margin investments as well as discounts given to
 to our customers for temporary marketing campaigns.
 Accordingly, we invested in certain non-electronic categories, such as supermarkets, to drive
 other frequency.
 and also invested in electronic categories to fortify our market position.
 Additionally, we observe
 higher customer demand for lower margin products across different categories, such as digital
 products, gadgets, and appliances
 including accessories, Bluetooth devices, and robot vacuum cleaners.
 There is 60% increase in delivery service revenue compared to the second quarter of
 last year was primarily attributable to 38% right-in number of orders as well as higher
 will be it
 so
 it's
 right
 and
 generated from third-party operations during the same period.
 At the bottom part of this slide, we disclose the EBITDA as a percentage of GnV breached
 between Q2 2020
 and June 2, 2021.
 EBCA
 was negative 189 million TIA compared to positive 71 million TIA in Q2 2020.
 This corresponds to a total 4.9 percentage point decline in Q2 2021 compared to the same period in EBTA as a percentage of GMB, which is driven by 2.4 percentage point decrease in gross contribution margin,
 1.5 percentage points rise in advertising expenses and approximately 1 percentage point
 rights in other OPEX items, excluding the cost of inventory sold and depreciation and
 and motivation.
 The 2.4 percentage point decline in gross contribution margin is driven by strategic
 margin investments
 The shift in electronics GMV to 3P and the discounts given to our customers for temporary
 marketing campaigns
 offset by other revenue streams.
 negative
 1.5%
 such foreign margin impact through
 advertising expenses
 was to accelerate
 key growth drivers in core business and also to scale
 need strategic assets.
 We consider this expense as an investment in our long-term growth while strengthening
 our market position.
 0.7% pitch point margin impact
 through shipping and packing expenses was mainly driven by changing some of
 our delivery partner mix
 to improve customer experience
 and around 23%
 and drive-in unit costs.
 0.4 percentage point margin impact through payroll and outsource
 staff expenses was mainly due to additional around 1200 employees over
 the past year, along with the impact of annual salary rise in
 in February 2021.
 and there's a doubt
 EBITDA as a percentage of GMB resulted as negative 3.2%, amounting to negative 189 million TL.
 Now, let's have a look at our networking capital and free cash flow generation in the next slides.
 This quarter, we generated a strong operating cash flow through effective working capital management.
 Accordingly, net cash provided by operating activity increased by 595 million TL, reaching 749 million TL in Q2 2021.
 This increase was primarily due to an increase in change in the market.
 working capital through
 changing trade receivables of
 355 million
 TR, which is mainly driven by credit card receivables, changing inventories of 301
 million TR and change in trade payables and payables to merchants by
 by negative 97 million TR.
 Arnott's net capex is 44 million TR in Q2 2021.
 During this period, our investments were mainly in product development across apps, websites,
 mobile platforms as a result of our growing operations and purchase of
 property and equipments mainly consists of hardware and intangible assets arising from
 Website Development Costs.
 As a result, our free cash flow increased to 569 million TL as of Q2 2021 from 136 million TL year on year.
 Now, I will leave the floor back to Murat to share our guide signature.
 now let's look at ahead to the second half of the year as the second half of
 the year began.
 the circuit e-commerce market
 had encountered several challenges.
 These included the nationwide extension of the bank holiday period during the celebration
 of Eid Alada in July, and the lift-off of lockdown measures as of July 1st, both of which
 adversely impacted consumer behavior in online shopping.
 The tragic wildfires on the Mediterranean coast of Turkey, and later the devastating
 floods in the Black Sea region have altered the priorities of the public agenda in a
 Why are these adverse circumstances seen in the past?
 impact in markets, we will continue to prioritize GMV growth in the second half of 2021.
 We believe this to be especially important given the seasonality of our market which
 favors the second half of the year.
 As a result, our key principle remains, to prioritize growth to create long-term value
 By attracting more customers, increasing the cost of the cost of the cost of the cost
 reducing order frequency, adding more merchants, expanding our selection of catalogs, maintaining
 price competitiveness and scaling our new strategic assets we are committed to
 invest in and delivering strong full-year GMV within 28 to 29 billion
 Turkish Lira range.
 Thank you.
 With this, we end our presentation.
 We can now open the line for questions.
 Thank you for listening.
 Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will begin the question and answer session.
 Anyone who wishes to ask a question, may press star followed by one on their telephone.
 If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, then you may press star and two.
 Please use your hand when asking your question for better quality.
 anyone who has a Christian
 I'm going to press star on one of this one.
 moment for the first question, please.
 The first question is from the land of Tiron, Cesar with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
 Yes, hi. Good morning or good afternoon, everyone.
 Thanks for the call and the opportunity to get questions.
 I have four questions.
 Sorry about that.
 The first one is on the outlook for the market in 2H.
 by reading the press release and also from your comments.
 Do I understand correctly that the outlook for H2 seems to be a little bit tougher than what you expected probably one or two months ago
 and that you need to invest more than expected to achieve the same GMD number.
 I just wanted to check if I understood that right.
 My second question would be on the take rate for 2Q.
 and you please give us some
 indication on the tech rate
 and also help us probably understand
 It looked like it dropped a little bit.
 Third question would be on the contribution margin comments from the press release.
 I just wanted to understand better the mention of discounts that you give to your customers
 or temporary marketing campaigns, if you can help with that.
 And then the last question would be on the mention from the press release
 that you've observed some increased demand for lower margin products.
 I just wanted to understand if that has reversed into Q3 and what you attribute these two.
 Thank you so much.
 I'm sorry for the mini-questions.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Sinjar, for your question.
 for the first time
 article
 in
 shared
 Well, the recent trends observed in Q2 and early Q3 are reflected on the outlook as well
 as this is now of our market, which favors the second half of the year, and the Turkish
 market is an infection point
 and this is the right time for us to prioritize our growth.
 That is why we raise capital and are focused on investing in and delivering long-term value
 creation.
 In terms of the tape trace,
 our growth
 contribution margin declined
 2.4%
 percentage point to 8.3% compared to the second quarter of last year, mainly due to underlying
 time.
 and revenue growth.
 2.4 pp decline in growth contribution margin is driven by, as you said, strategic margin
 investments in certain categories like electronics to fortify our market
 position and in non-electronics to drive further frequency by our customers and
 And also into CRM, which we call this as temporary margin investment, and this will be gradually reduced throughout the time.
 and also shifting electronic GNV into 3P, meaning marketplace.
 we sold more
 more electronics from
 the marketplace
 unit and therefore this affected our gross contribution and finally the
 discounts given to our customers
 to widen
 and, sorry, to continue
 widen our selection with
 expanding merchant base and competitive prices in the market by our strategic margin investments
 as well as discounts given to our customers for temporary marketing campaigns.
 In terms of
 lower-margin
 products, those
 low-margin products are
 main way
 gadgets, appliances, Bluetooth devices, and robot vacuum cleaners, and also Vanspich Vanspich
 electronic products shift into the GND.
 Mostly those products
 consist of appliances,
 mobile devices and technology devices
 which has a lower margin compared to non-electronics.
 Well, depending on the market evolution, we expect this gentleman may continue in the
 third quarter as well, but we have
 always been
 prioritizing our growth
 to create
 more
 from value by attracting more customers increasing our order frequency and adding more merchants
 expanding our selection of catalogues, maintaining price competitiveness, and scaling our new
 strategic upsets.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Addis and Miriam with Morgan Stanley.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, everyone.
 And thanks for taking my questions.
 And especially just following up on the take rate, so you mentioned that you've seen a
 shift from electronics from 1P to 3P.
 I was wondering what has been driving that, and do you see that specifically as a permanent shift?
 And then also just on the discounts that you also mentioned as well.
 How much of this was sort of driven by any competitive pressures?
 where they're sort of more competitive pressures than you anticipated
 at the start of the quarter
 and if you could just comment
 on the sort of current
 competitive environment
 that you're seeing at the moment.
 And then finally, just on the payments, I think you mentioned there that the development was ahead of expectations.
 And if you could just give a bit more color on that, that would be great.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Miriam, for the pay trade.
 well, we continue to rise
 our collection with expanding
 merchandise and competitive prices
 in the market
 by our strategic margin investments
 as well as discounts
 given to our customers
 for
 for campaigns.
 Accordingly, we invested in certain non-electronic categories, such as supermarkets, to drive
 our order frequency
 and also invested in electronic
 categories to fortify our
 market position.
 Please note that we are very strong in electronics, and in electronics, the biggest opportunity
 comes from offline.
 On the competitive environment, let me hand it over to Murad.
 Thank you, Coran. Let me just quickly address competition and let me take next question.
 I mean, let me remind you that we operate in this attractive market that is a large,
 young, urbanized, and tax-stated population.
 We have been operating in this market, along with several players, for many years and proven
 our growth trajectory.
 So, the Turkish market is an inflection point with a growing e-commerce penetration expected
 to exceed 20% within total retail by 2025.
 That's text.
 Roughly 90% of total retail is still offline.
 Hence, our largest opportunity is offline retail, and we would like to capitalize on
 opportunity and create long-term value by expanding our customer base order
 frequency virtual base our selection and maintaining our price competitiveness
 and scaling our new strategic assets.
 and of course
 our
 Solid Operational Execution
 Capital Efficiency
 Robust Logistics Network Deep Technology Capabilities
 Hustle branding
 hybrid business model
 and integrate ecosystem
 them, they are positions that force access.
 question, if I am not mistaken, is about HepcPay. HepcPay is correct.
 I think that's correct.
 So FTPay is designed to be a companion wallet to spend, save and mobilize money in a flexible
 way across online and offline.
 Having acquired its license in 2016, has to pay marked this important milestone by launching
 the Juzdanem have to pay wallet as an embedded digital wallet on our platform on the 10th
 of June.
 it says as we mentioned
 the daily
 Pre-penetration amongst eligible audience has been faster than our expectations, but
 But yet, it's too early to disclose numbers.
 have to pay wallet enables instant returns cancellations and cashback along
 we have to pay a wallet, have to pay also introduced HAPEL program, a cashback points
 program that allows customers to earn within points during purchases with the wallet on our
 platform.
 HesvPay will enable peer-to-peer money transfers and will constantly explore new use case scenarios across online and offline.
 actually in 9 million our supra value
 proposition will continue to invest and scale our strategic assets to the
 benefit of our customers including helps to pay which is better position for
 for strong long-term growth.
 Got it. Great. Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Tunzera Athlete with Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, thank you very much for the presentation, and congratulations on the first set of results poster IPO.
 So I've had a couple of questions.
 first on the active user base.
 Are you able to share some sort of granularity around the actual growth rates as it will be important to track?
 anything sort of anecdotal would be
 helpful as well
 I know that there were a couple of questions on the take rates, but I couldn't hear clearly.
 My line was breaking up.
 So the implied take rate for the second quarter is quite low.
 So is this a pure mixed effect, or is there any change in the take rates across categories potentially due to competitive pressures,
 and is that something that will imply lower take rates going forward for the rest of the year
 and potentially beyond that?
 And my next question is,
 What are your expectations on profitability for the rest of the year?
 where do you see most of the
 most of the pressure coming from and related to that
 How is the profitability profile across your new business life, especially Pepsi Express?
 Thank you, Aslan.
 auto-active
 user-based
 unfortunately
 you do not share
 our active user base
 on a quarterly basis, but we will
 have been increased by the end of the year as a year-end figure.
 However, our
 active user base and frequency keeps on increasing.
 I can give you this title.
 on the margin
 margin investment in
 the
 has
 This is a great effort.
 I can say
 I'll
 But growth contribution margin declined by 2.4 percentage points, reaching 8.3% compared
 to the second quarter of last year.
 this is mainly due to dynamics in revenue growth. There is a 2.5 percentage point
 decline in gross contribution margin driven by strategic margin investments
 and because of CRM, which we call as temporary margin investment.
 And those strategic margin investments are done in electronics to fortify our market
 position and in non-electronics to drive frequency for this to bring additional
 GME for our company.
 We continue widening our selection with expanding merchant space and competitive prices in the
 market by our strategic margin investments, as well as discounts given to our customers
 for 10-3-day campaign.
 and
 accordingly
 we invested in certain categories
 non-electronic and electronic categories such as supermarkets and some electronic categories.
 Please note that we are very strong in electronics, and in electronics, there is the biggest opportunity
 comes from offline and in order to capture these offline customers we have been making
 on enough pages
 margin investments
 to gain additional GRD.
 On the third question,
 expectations about the
 profitability, the
 The Turkish market is an inflection point, and this is the right time for us to prioritize
 it.
 growth. That is why we raise capital and we are focused on investing in and delivering
 long-term value creation.
 As a result, our key principles remain to prioritize growth to create long-term value
 Thank you very much.
 attracting more customers, increasing order frequency and adding more merchants on our
 platform.
 and
 The next question, maybe I can take the next question, it was about the profitability for
 new businesses, right?
 Let me remind you.
 At Heftexpress, we aim to become a mainstream grocery shopping destination.
 or have to pay
 it is designed
 to be a companion
 wallet to spend save and mobilize money in a flexible way across online and
 offline so with this strategic mindset you will certainly prioritize growth for
 strategic assets.
 In my opinion, I would like to thank you for joining us today, and I would like to thank
 with our super value proposition, we will continue to invest in and scale our strategic
 assets to the benefit of our customers and if you pay or if the express are
 are particularly important to us,
 because they are guaranteed positions for strong long-term growth.
 Okay, thank you.
 so basically
 from my understanding
 these strategic margin investments,
 sort of the temporary
 discounts, they could continue
 as long as you see the growth opportunity from these.
 Exactly.
 If you see the growth opportunity,
 can continue those campaigns
 and margin investment.
 The key principle always will remain that we're going to increase our customer base,
 merchant base, frequency, selection, and that is our core principle.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 And going forward, from what I understand, sorry for the follow-up,
 So you will be tracking, we will be tracking growth in GMV, obviously,
 but we will be seeing disclosure from here on the total orders rather than breakdown of things like active user base and the frequency.
 we will seek the total order number.
 That is true. By the year end, we will be sharing our customers'
 they've increased
 and the frequency numbers in detail, but on a quarterly basis we don't disclose, we only
 and give the overall growth.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Keith Kiran-Khanzadeh with J.P. Morgan.
 please go ahead
 Thank you for the presentation.
 Majority of my questions are up, but I have some more.
 The first one is about competition.
 How are you planning to respond to accelerated last mile and fulfillment investments by Transyl?
 I think they are now much bigger than you on the fulfillment site.
 And how many merchants have been already on board for thermal services?
 because you have given some sort of statistics during the IPO.
 and I just want to go to development here.
 and what is the share of total orders delivered by her T-shirt?
 what is the progress here.
 And you also mentioned about some share incentives to management, I think, which is not included in your payroll calls in the second quarter.
 Can you please give me some details about this?
 And finally, about your working capital,
 there was a big release in the second quarter,
 so how should we think about this developing
 in the second half from a cash flow perspective?
 Thank you.
 let me take the first question maybe let me just first remind you our well-defined use of proceeds
 plan. As you remember,
 we have a very strong
 does define
 use of proceeds, which includes
 exploration of our growth
 supply view
 scaling of our strategic assets, investing and scaling our operations, logistics, and
 technology, infrastructure, and of course, driving further
 talent.
 contact as we discussed briefly so far.
 We also
 definitely invested and scaled our capabilities across these lines. We operate a large,
 large,
 and scalable in-house logistics network, with last mile delivery, fulfillment, and
 open-house logistics.
 capabilities powered by our proprietary technology. I mean, as you remember, we
 mentioned, as a result of its expansion, now has to yet achieved a
 result of its expansion.
 present in every city in Turkey, reaching 137 cross darks, where it has to match our
 nationwide pick-up and drop-off network expanded to more than 1,500 pick-up and drop-off points
 across the country.
 and
 as a result of this question
 had the jet
 conduct more of retail deliveries
 and more of marketplace deliveries in Q2 compared to the same pace of last year.
 and also get to have the jet
 without logistic capabilities
 they are able to offer a variety of valuable services, especially frictions
 return delivery by appointment same day next day delivery options and also let
 Let me remind you, at the International Business Awards in 2021, we were awarded with a gold
 awards for our frictionless return service in the best user experience
 care degree.
 So, we believe our robot's logistic network gives us a significant competitive edge in
 offering strong customer experience and will continue to do so thank you but is
 Is it possible for you to share some statistics there?
 because I really want to understand the upside in HEXI.
 So, what is the current status about, I mean, on the last mile?
 how many,
 I'm working to share
 of social world,
 their severed biopsy shit.
 And how many merchants have you ordered on board for the fulfillment services to understand the potential growth?
 Yes, thank you so much again for the question.
 Let me tell you, H2J, actually, as you remember also shared in the prospectus, is in the early
 phase of its journey and it keeps scaling the number of mergers getting
 onboarded. On the other hand, with FCSJ, it kept increasing its contribution to retail
 deliveries as well as marketplace deliveries compared to the same period of last year.
 So it keeps growing year-over-year with respect to Q2, both in 1P and 3P contribution-wise,
 in terms of number of deliveries.
 Hopefully, this is what happens.
 Can the next question come up?
 The next question is about Management Incentive Plan and how much we recognize in Arcana.
 Is it correct, Anzade?
 Yes, let's see.
 Okay.
 That's correct.
 Okay. In total, we have 132 million recognized in our PNL, as mentioned, incentive plan expense.
 and also states
 98 million churches
 is based on
 discounted cash payment which is projected to be done within the year 2021 and the second part is
 It's 34 million.
 It's based on share-based payments which will be made within the next 18 plus 12 plus 12
 month
 according to our plan.
 So, in total, we recognized 132 and discounted cash payment, 98, share date payment, 34.
 this is recognized based on
 resting plans disclosed in the
 On developing
 capital
 side
 yes
 working capabilities
 will keep on
 improving in the second half due to the fact that our GNV will continue to grow in the
 second half and with a better management
 we expect to improve our
 operating cash flow in the second half.
 Okay, so there shouldn't be any seasonality impacting the working capital, right?
 I mean, it's like an awful fear.
 So, you can assume the similar type of 13-capital management.
 There is always a seasonality in the second half, especially in the fourth quarter, having
 set that
 are
 procurement increases significantly, and we are drawing significantly in the
 first quarter and based on the seasonality experiences in the past we
 We expect a better networking capital by the end of Q4.
 is to improve graduates.
 Thank you very much.
 And can I finally ask about the HECS Express?
 like you said, you mentioned about new brands to be on board in grocery delivery.
 So is there any national brand here that you managed to onboard recently?
 because we are
 By referring to Q2 results, we cannot actually disclose any future or forward-looking plans
 at this point, but I can tell you,
 has to express already
 actually
 a
 over 40 grand and roughly 1,800 stores
 more than 50 cities and also as you remember we launched water service water
 of delivery service as well.
 Thank you very much, Marcy.
 Thank you.
 As a reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please first star in one on your telephone.
 Once again, to register for a question, please throw a star and one on your telephone.
 As a final reminder, to register for a question, please press down on your telephone.
 Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time.
 I will now turn the comments over to management for any closing comments.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, operator. I would like to recap what you have heard from us today.
 Our vision is to leak the civilization of commerce.
 today we are
 one-stop shop for our customers everyday needs from products and services to
 groceries and payment solutions are solving operational execution capital
 efficiency, robot logistics network, deep technology capabilities, household brand name,
 hybrid business model and integrated ecosystem have positioned us as a
 a home-grown company to emerge as the first ever
 now that this is Turkish
 company.
 We operate in an attractive market that is a large,
 group of people that are interested in this conversation,
 young, urbanized, and text-based populations.
 Again, let us remind you, the Turkish market is at an inflection point, with a growing
 e-commerce penetration against the market.
 So, let's see.
 Expected to exceed 20% within total retail by 2025
 life.
 That's it.
 roughly 90% of total retail is still offline, offering a large opportunity for growth, and
 This is the right time for us to capitalize on these opportunities.
 Our key principle remains to prioritize growth to create long-term value by attracting more
 customers increasing our order frequency adding more merchants expanding our
 selection of catalog maintaining our price competitiveness and scaling our
 new strategic assets. With the use of funds raised in our recent IPO and our
 strong balance sheet we will continue to invest in our vision thank you for
 everyone for your time today
 and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
 Ladies and gentlemen, the conference is now concluded and you may disconnect your telephone.
 Thank you for calling and have a pleasant evening.