 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. I'm Constantino, your course call operator.
 Welcome, and thank you for joining me.
 has people rather conference calls and live webcasts to present and discuss the second
 for the 2021 financial results.
 All participants will be in listen-only mode and the conference is being recorded.
 The presentation will be followed by a question and answer session.
 Through the unwanted assistance, through the conference call, you may signal an operator
 by pressing star and zero on your telephone. At this time, I would like to turn the conference
 over to Mr. Eric Black, Investor Relations Director.
 Mr. Eric Black, you may now proceed.
 Thanks, operators. Thank you for joining us today for Hippie Burrata's second quarter 2021 earnings call.
 I'm pleased to be joined on the call today by our CEO Murat Inirda and our CFO, Korhan
 Earth.
 The following is
 including responses to your questions reflects management views as of today's date only.
 We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise this information, except as required by law.
 Certain statements made on today's call are for looking statements.
 Actual results may differ material from the forward-looking statements.
 Please report to today's earnings release as well as the risk factors described in the
 and safe harbor slide of today's presentation.
 Today's press release was 6k.
 In our prospective file with the ACT on July 1st, 2021,
 and other ACC findings.
 For information about factors which could cause
 are actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements.
 Also, we will reference certain non-IFS members during today's call.
 Please refer to the attendance of our supplemental slide deck as well as today's
 earning press release for a presentation of the most directly comparable IFRS measure
 as well as the relevant IFRS non-IFRS3 consolidation.
 as a reminder.
 A replay of this call will be available on the Investigations page of HIPAA Brothers
 With that, I will hand it over to our CEO Murat.
 Thanks, Elin.
 We are so excited to have our first earnings call ever as the only NASDAQ listed circus company
 Before we dive into the second quarter result, I would like to take a moment to give an overview
 of our supra ecosystem and focus on some of the key fundamentals that contribute to the
 success of Hefty Brother.
 PepsiBrother is a homegrown company that has played a fundamental role in the development
 of e-commerce in Turkey over the last 20 years.
 Our name has to you brother, literally means everything is here and it's in the most with
 the seamless online shopping experience.
 and benefits from very strong brand awareness.
 Our vision is to lead digitalization of commerce.
 To that end, we have evolved from an e-commerce platform in the integrated ecosystem of products
 and services centered on making people's daily life easier.
 operate in an attractive market that has a large, young, urbanized and tech-favorite
 population.
 The Turkish market is at an inflection point, with a growing e-commerce penetration expected
 to exceed 20% between total retail by 2025. That said, roughly 90% of total retail is
 still offline, opening a large opportunity for growth.
 Our super app is at the center of our value proposition and acts as one stop shop for
 customers by offering a broad range of products and services and by creating differentiated
 user experience. Today we are a one-stop shop for customers every day need from
 from products and services to groceries and payments.
 constantly see new ways to differentiate our customer experience with value services such
 such as frictions which are in pick-up, expedited delivery services, card splitting, instant
 customer loan and our Loyalty Club offering.
 Also, we continue to expand into new strategic assets, including HEPSTAC express, our on-demand
 grocery delivery service, has to pay our digital wallet companion solution, has to fly our
 Our A-Line Secret Sales Platform and HD Global are inbound and cross-bordered business with
 our growth-oriented business model, we recorded a GMV growth at 64% Kager between 2015 and
 2020 as we disclosed in our IPO prospectus.
 are solid operational execution, capital efficiency,
 Robots Logistics Network, deep technology capabilities,
 How those brand names, hybrid business models, and integrated ecosystems have positioned us
 as a homegrown company to emerge as the first ever not like this Turkish company.
 Let me stop here and now turn to our second quarter result.
 likely. In the second quarter, our GMD grew by 38% compared to the same period of last
 to 5.9 billion Turkish Liras in line with our plan.
 This performance brings the first half GMV group to 58% on a yearly basis.
 Total number of orders in the second quarter were 13.1 million, which is the highest we
 have recorded today in a single quarter. It is important to highlight that these results
 have been against a strong baseline effect
 of COVID-19 pandemic last year.
 and are driven by a great reactive customer base
 order frequency, active merchant base, and total number of SKUs compared to the second
 quite a lot of last year.
 have suggested our in-house Latmar Delivery Service achieved, present in every city in Turkey, by the end of June 2021.
 Parallel to our super ecosystem value proposition, we continue to invest and scale our strategic
 particularly have to express and have to pay, which are well positioned for strong growth.
 Within that context, we launch our digital wallet, have to pay Juzanum, and better in
 HEPSY BROTHER in June 2021.
 HEPSA Express, our on-demand grocery delivery service, has expanded its partner network
 to over 40 brands across over 1,800 stores.
 Overall, these results indicate our ability to deliver strong growth across the ecosystem.
 Let's have a detailed look into key assets.
 We operate a large, set and scalable in-house logistics network, with last mile delivery
 fulfillment and operational capabilities powered by our proprietary technology.
 We believe that our nation-wide logistics network is key to our success.
 We opt-
 rate six fulfillment centers covering more than 120,000 square meters strategically located
 they cross Turkey. In the second quarter, have the jet achieved
 present in every city in Turkey, reaching 137 crosstalks, whereas at the most, a nationwide
 pickup and drop-off network, expanded to more than 1,500 branded pickup and drop-off points
 across lockers, partner local stores, gas stations, and retailers.
 As a result of its expansion,
 has suggested conducted more of retail deliveries and more of marketplace deliveries in Q2 2021,
 compared to the same period of last year.
 With F2Jet, we are able to offer a variety of valuable services, including same-day,
 next day delivery option, delivered by appointment including weekend, and pre-summit return which
 This is a suggestion, picking up your return from your door at your preferred schedule.
 In line with our efforts to enrich values and services,
 Hexyjet also began rolling out two-man cargo handling service in Q2, addressing the need
 for high quality and reliable service in relevant categories.
 We believe that our robust logistics network gives us a significant, competitive edge in
 in offering strong customer experience.
 Let's take a look at another statistical set.
 Press the X-ray.
 As Test Express, we aim to become a mainstream grocery shopping destination and better than
 and if the brother's secret has to express offers,
 both instant and casual delivery options addressing grocery needs for on-demand and planned grocery shopping.
 By the end of the second quarter of 2021,
 HextExpress has become one of the strongest players in this market with around 2,600 outsourced
 picking and delivery agents, and has expanded its ecosystem to over 40 brands and roughly
 1,800 stores with presents across more than 50 cities in Turkey.
 We believe HaspectPress will be a key enabler to attract new customers to engage our existing
 audience and to unlock further synergies across services in healthy products.
 Let's take a look at Cassiopeia.
 Has to pay is designed to be a companion wallet to spend, save, and mobilize money in a flexible way across online and offline channels.
 Having acquired its license in 2016, has the paying mark an important milestone by launching
 Thanks for watching.
 which I would refer to as have to pay wallets, and then embed a digital wallets product
 on our platform on the 10th of June.
 it is its daily penetration among eligible audience has been faster than our expectations.
 has to pay wallets, enabled instant returns,
 cancellations and cash back. Along with HCP Paywallet, HCP Paywallet also introduced
 Let's see for that.
 a cashback points program that allows customers to earn and redeem points during purchases
 Click the wallet on the healthy brother platform.
 The Hep C Papal program has been instrumental in the rapid growth of Hep C Pay wallet.
 As the pay will enable peer-to-peer money transfers and will comfortably explore new use cases
 across online and offline. I will now leave the floor to Korhan, our CFO, to
 and run you through the financial performance in YouTube.
 Thank you, Murat, and hello.
 What inspires us in our mission of being reliable, innovative, and sincere companions in people's
 of life.
 In our view, this broad mission boils down to focusing on key three aspects of online
 shopping. Selection, price and delivery. On selection, without compelling value
 proposition, we doubled our active merchant base as of June 30th compared to the same day
 a year ago.
 This is reflected in our offering to customers as almost doubling our SKUs on our platform
 link to same period.
 On pricing, we seek to provide the best value for our customers by offering competitive
 which we have continued to uphold in Q2.
 On delivery, our large, fast and scalable in-house logistics network stands out as one of the
 key strengths which we have done by increasing our overall footprint across Turkey.
 These key strengths have been instrumental in driving continuous customer growth on our
 as well as higher order frequency on a user basis.
 As such, our total number of orders grew by 38 percent, reaching a record 13.1 million
 in the second quarter.
 A combination of these factors had resulted in 38% GMD growth in the second quarter.
 This performance was achieved against an already strong second quarter of 2020 due to baseline
 effect of COVID-19. To normalize this effect on growth figures, we have shown here two-year
 compounded growth rates. So for the first and second quarter of 2021, compared to the same
 last year, compounded two-year growth rates were 68 percent and 86 percent, respectively
 indicating a continuous quarter over quarter momentum.
 It is worth mentioning that we will continue to see the baseline effect of
 like here on the growth figures for the upcoming two quarters as well.
 Let me now walk you through our hybrid business model.
 Our hybrid business model offers a healthy combination of retail and marketplace.
 Having launched our marketplace six years ago, we have gradually increased its contribution to GMD,
 bringing it to 69% in the second quarter of 2021.
 Hence, the GND sheet to 3P is expected to have strategic advantages
 on our business in the long term.
 facilitating a wider selection,
 availability and its competitive pricing.
 Since our launch of the marketplace, we have always regarded our merchants as our long-term
 business partners.
 With this mindset, we have focused on creating value-added services for our merchants.
 We empower them with our comprehensive and transparent solutions to try digitally.
 Our status is...
 ...
 Advanced tools and services include the merchant portal with merchant store management tools
 and advanced beta analytics.
 In future, we upgraded our merchant portal by introducing new modules that further contributed
 to overall efficiency by increasing sub-service actions.
 We also offer them advertising services through HEPSY-S so that they can effectively advertise
 inside and outside hepsibular ducts to dry their sails.
 We give them access to our Let Smile Delivery Service.
 as well as our fulfillment service,
 where we can take care of storage, handling and packing of the merchandise on their behalf.
 We also help them get better with e-commerce by providing comprehensive training sessions
 through our training portal.
 Last but not least, we provide them with financing options to help them in their effective working
 capital management. In 2020, our financing program exceeded 1.3 billion Turkish lira
 in volume, with an 11.4 times growth in merchants and supplier financing from 2018 to 2020.
 All these value-added services have contributed to HEPSI burada,
 shaping into one of the most attractive digital platforms for merchants to access 33 million
 members on our platform as of last year end.
 We will continue to work towards growing our merchant base through our, through these capabilities.
 Now, let's elaborate on our GND and revenue growth in the second quarter.
 As we have stated already, our G&V growth was 38.2%, where our revenue grew by 5.2% in the second quarter compared to the same period 2020.
 Our GMD refers to the total value of orders, products sold through our platform over a given period of time,
 including value added tax, without deducting returns and cancellations, including cargo
 income and excluding other service revenues and transaction fees charged to our merchants.
 Our revenue consists of a lot of goods, which is our retail model, and we refer to it as
 plus Marketplace Revenue which is our Marketplace model and we refer to it as 3P plus Delivery
 We serve this revenue and other revenues.
 In direct sale of goods, which is retail, we act as a principle and initially recognize
 Revenue on a growth basis at the time of delivery of the goods to our customers.
 In the marketplace, rare news are recorded on the net phases, mainly consisting of marketplace
 commission, transaction fees, and other contractual charges to our merchants.
 revenue grew by 5.2% in Q2 2021 compared to the second quarter of last year. This was
 Namely driven by a 67.2% increase in altitude.
 services and other revenue and a 2.3% growth in our marketplace revenue whereas the revenue
 generated from sale of goods which is retail remain as flat also detailed in the next slide.
 On the upper part of this slide, we show the dynamics and factors that have had an impact
 on our revenue growth in the second quarter. While our GNV grew by 38.4% in 2021, our
 Revenue growth was 5.2% reflecting the 11 percentage points right in this share of marketplace
 Please note that Marketplace Revenues are recognized on a net basis, ID, representing
 commission and other fees, whereas the direct sale of goods, that is, the retail, is recognized
 on a gross basis.
 The contribution of the electronics domain to overall GND was around the same level
 as the same period last year.
 However, we saw more electronics, including appliances, mobile and technology, through
 market place in Q2-21 than the same period of last year.
 We continue to widen our selection with expanding merchant faith and competitive prices in the
 market by our strategic margin investment as well as discounts given to our customers
 for temporary marketing campaigns.
 Accordingly, we invested in certain non-electronic categories, such as supermarkets, to drive
 order frequency and also invested in electronic categories to fortify our market position.
 Additionally, we observed higher customer demand for lower-margin products across different
 categories, such as digital products, gadgets, and appliances, including accessories, Bluetooth
 devices and robot vacuum cleaners.
 Delift, 60% increase in delivery service revenue.
 compared to the second quarter of last year,
 but primarily attributable to 38% right in number of orders, as they let high-use delivery
 This shows that a new generator from third-party operations
 during the same period.
 At the bottom part of this slide, we disclosed the EDTA
 as the percentage of GMB breached,
 between Q2, 2020 and Q2, 2021.
 EPCA was negative 189 million TIA compared to positive 71 million TIA in 2002-2020.
 This corresponds to a total 4.9 percentage point decline in June 2021, compared to the
 the same period in EPA as a percentage of GMB, which is driven by 2.4 percentage points
 decrease in gross contribution margin, 1.5 percentage points rise in advertising expenses,
 and approximately one percentage point right in other OPEC's items, excluding the cost
 of inventory soul and depreciation and amotivation.
 The 2.4 percentage point declined in gross contribution margin is driven by strategic
 margin investments, the shift in electronics GMB to 3B and the discounts given to our customers
 for temporary marketing campaigns.
 offset by other revenue streams.
 Negative 1.5% for a margin impact through advertising expenses,
 what to accelerate key growth drivers in core business and also to scale new strategic assets.
 We consider this expense as an investment in our long-term growth while strengthening
 our market position.
 Negative 0.7 percentage point margin impact through shipping and packing expenses was
 mainly driven by changing some of our delivery partners to improve customer experience and
 around 23% rise in unit costs.
 Negative 0.4 percentage point margin impact through payroll and outsourced expenses was
 mainly due to additional around 1200 employees over the past year, along with the impact
 of annual salary rise in February 2021.
 As a result, EBTA as a percentage of CMV resulted as negative 3.2 percent, amounting to negative
 Now, let's have a look at our networking capital and free cash flow generation in the next
 slide.
 These quarters regenerated a strong operating cash flow through effective working capital
 management.
 Simply, net cash provided by operating activities increased by 595 million TL, reaching 749
 10 million TL in Q2 2021.
 This increased, but primarily due to increasing, changing,
 working capital through changing trade receivables of $355 million, which is mainly driven by
 credit card receivables, changing inventories of 301 million ti, and changing trade tables
 and tables to mergers by negative 97 million tf.
 Our last net cutback is 44 million TR in Q2 2021.
 During this period, our investments were mainly in product development across the app, website,
 mobile platforms as a result of our growing operations and purchase of property and equipment
 mainly consists of hardware and intangible assets,
 arising from website development costs.
 As a result, our pre-cash flow increased to 569 million TL as of Q2 2021 from 136 million
 here on here. Now I will leave the floor back to Murat to share our guide I sent you.
 Now, let's look ahead to the second half of the year.
 As the second half of the year began, the circuit e-commerce market had encountered several
 challenges. These included the nationwide extension of the bank hold a period during
 the celebration of Eid Anada in July, and the lift off of
 lockdown measures as of July 1, both of which adversely impacted consumer behavior in all
 main shopping. The tragic wildfires on the Mediterranean coast of Turkey and later the
 devastating floods in the Black Sea region have altered the priorities of the public agenda in
 in early August.
 Why are these adverse circumstances impacting markets?
 We will continue to prioritize GMV groups in the second half of 2021.
 We believe this to be especially important given the decisionality of our market, which
 favors the second half of the year.
 As a result, our key principle remains to prioritize growth to create long-term value
 by attracting more customers, increasing order frequency, adding more merchants, expanding
 our selection of catalogs, maintaining price competitiveness, and scaling our new strategic
 assets. We are committed to invest in and delivering strong full-year GMV within 28 to 29 billion
 Turkish Liva range. With this, we end our presentation. We can now open the line for
 questions. Thank you for listening.
 Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will begin the question and answer session.
 Anyone who wishes to ask a question,
 a star followed by one on their telephone. If you wish to remove yourself from the question
 you then you may press star and two please use your hunt when asking your question for
 better quality.
 Anyone who has a question, please start on one at this time.
 One moment for the first question please.
 The first question is from a land of Tyrone Cesar with Bank of America. Please go ahead.
 Yes, hi. Good morning or good afternoon, everyone.
 Thanks for the call and the opportunity to take questions.
 I have full questions.
 Sorry about that.
 The first one is on the output for the market in 2-H by reading the press release and also
 from your comment, do I understand correctly
 that the outlook for H2 seems to be a little bit tougher than what you expected for the
 one or two months ago, and that you need to invest more than expected to achieve the same
 GMD number.
 I just wanted to check if I understood that that's right
 My second question would be on the tech rate for PQQ.
 for PQQ, can you please give us some indication on the tech rate
 and also help us to understand the truth, right?
 It dropped a little bit.
 The third question would be on the contribution margin comments from the press release.
 I just wanted to understand better dimension of discounts that you've given to your customers
 for temporary marketing campaigns if you can help with that and then
 And the last question would be on the mention from the press release that you've observed
 some increased demand for lower-margined products.
 I just wanted to understand if that has reversed into Q3 and what you actually did to this too.
 Thank you so much.
 I'm sorry for.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Thank you for your question.
 for the first time out of age, whether it's out of birth, supper or not.
 While the recent change observed in Q2 and early Q2 are reflected on the outlook as well
 this is not of our market, which favors the second half of the year, and the Turkish market
 is an infection point, and this is the right time for us to prioritize our growth. That
 This is why we raise capital and are focused on investing in and delivering long-term value creation.
 In terms of the pay trace, our growth contribution margin declined 2.4 percentage points to 8.3
 compared to the second quarter of last year,
 mainly due to underlying dynamics and revenue growth.
 This two-comp old PT decline in growth-consumption margin is driven by, as you said, strategic
 margin investments in certain categories like electronics to fortify our market position
 and in non-electronics to drive
 further frequencies by our customers
 and also into CRM, which we call this as temporary margin investment,
 And this will be gradually reduced throughout the time.
 and also shifting electronic G&B into 3D, meaning marketplace.
 This solves more electronics from the marketplace unit, and therefore, this effected our gross
 contribution and finally the discounts given to our customers to widen and
 Sorry, put to continue widen our selection with expanding merchant base and competitive
 prices in the market by our strategic margin investments as well as discounts given to
 are customized for temporary marketing campaign.
 In-
 In terms of lower margin products, those low margin products are mainly gadgets, appliances,
 Bluetooth devices, and robot vacuum cleaners, and also one-picture, one-picture electronic
 products shipped into the GND. Most of those products consist of appliances, mobile devices,
 and technology devices which have lower margin compared to non-electronics.
 Well, depending on the market evolution, we expect this gentleman may continue in the
 the third quarter as well, but we have always been prioritizing our growth to create long-term
 value by attracting more customers, increasing our order frequency and adding more merchants
 expanding our selection of catalogs,
 maintaining trust competitiveness and scaling our new strategic assets.
 Thank you
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the land of Addis and Miriam with Morgan Stanley.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi everyone, thanks for taking my questions.
 I'll start by just following up on the tape crate, so you mentioned that you've seen
 the shift from electronics from 1P to 3P.
 I was wondering what has been driving that and do you see that specifically as a permanent
 shift and then also just on the discounts that you also mentioned as well, how much
 of this was sort of driven by any competitive pressures, where there's more competitive
 freshers than you anticipated at the start of the quarter and if you could just comment
 on the current competitive environment
 that you're seeing at the moment.
 And then finally, just on the payments,
 I think he mentioned there that the development
 ahead of expectations. If you could just give us a bit more color on that, that would be great.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Miriam.
 For the state rates, we continue to widen our collection with expanding merchant pays
 and complex prices in the market by our strategic margin investment, as well as discounts given
 for our customers for campaigns.
 According to the invested in certain non-electronic categories, such as supermarkets, to drive
 our order frequency, and also invested in electronic categories to fortify our market
 position.
 Please note that we are very strong in electronics, and in electronics, the biggest opportunity
 it comes from offline.
 On the competitive environment, let me hand over to Murat.
 Thank you, Koran. Let me just quickly address competition and let me take next question.
 I mean, let me remind you that we operate in this attractive market that is a large,
 young, organized, and tech-stated population.
 you have been operating in this market along with several players for many years and proven
 an outlaw trajectory.
 So the Turkish market is an inflation point with a growing e-commerce penetration expected
 to exceed 20% within total retail by 2025.
 That's that. Roughly 90% of total retail is still offline.
 and our largest opportunity is offline retail and we would like to capitalize on this opportunity
 and create long-term values by expanding our customer base, order frequency,
 virtual base, our selection and maintaining our price competitiveness and scaling our
 new strategic assets. And of course, our solid operational execution, capital efficiency,
 Robots Logistics Network, Deep Technology Capabilities,
 How's the branding?
 hybrid business model and integrated ecosystem,
 They are in positions of post-tax test.
 Third question, if I'm not mistaken, is about HACCP Pay.
 Testipane is correct.
 Yes.
 Great.
 So HEPIPE is designed to be a companion wallet to spend, save and mobilize money in a flexible way,
 across online and offline.
 Having acquired its license in 2016, has to pay this important milestone by launching
 the Juiz Dunham type of a wallet as an embedded digital wallet on our platform on the 10th
 of June, as said, as we mentioned, the daily penetration among eligible audience has been
 faster than our expectations, but yet it's too early to disclose numbers.
 but have to pay wallets, enables, instant returns,
 Installations and test that.
 Along with have to pay wallets, have to pay also introduce
 Appel program, a cash break points program that allows customers to earn within points
 during purchases with the wallet on our platform.
 As we pay, we'll enable peer-to-peer market transfers, and we'll constantly explore new use-gate scenarios across online and offline.
 Actually, in 9M, our supra-body proposition will continue to invest and scale our strategic
 out that to the benefit of our customers, including have to pay, which is valid position
 for strong long-term growth.
 Great, thank you very much.
 Thank you
 The next question is from the Land of Tunter Atelier with Golden Fax. Please go ahead.
 Hi, thank you very much for the presentation and congratulations on the first status results poster IPO.
 So I've had a couple of questions, first on the active user base.
 Are you able to share some sort of granularity
 around the actual growth rates as it will be important
 Anything sort of anecdotal would be helpful as well.
 I know that there were a couple of questions on the take rates, but I've seen here clearly
 my line was breaking up. So, the implied secret for the second quarter is quite low. Is this
 a pure mixed effect or is there any change in the take rates across categories potentially
 due to competitive pressures, and is that something that will imply lower take-raise
 going forward for the rest of the year and potentially beyond that.
 And my next question is, what are your expectations
 on profitability for the rest of the year?
 where do you see most of the pressure coming from
 and related to that.
 How is the profitability profile across your new, across your new business lines, especially
 to the text to express.
 Thank you all for the active user base, unfortunately we do not share our active user base on the
 on a quarterly basis, but we will share the increase by the end of the year as a year-end
 period.
 I'll be back.
 our active user base and frequency keeps on increasing.
 and I can give you this title.
 On the margin, margin investment in the state-grade
 I can say our cost contribution margin declined by 2.4 percentage points, reaching 8.3 percent
 compared to the second quarter of last year.
 And this is mainly due to dynamics in genetic loss.
 We get 2.5 percentage point decline in gross contribution margin driven by strategic margin
 investments, and because of CRM, it is called a temporary margin investment. And those
 strategic margin investments are going to be very, very, very, very, very, very, very,
 in electronics to fortify our market position, and in non-electronics to drive through frequency
 to bring additional GME for our company.
 We continue widen our selection with expanding merchant space and competitive prices in the
 market buyout strategic margin investments, as well as discount schemes for our customers
 for temporary campaigns.
 And accordingly, the investors in certain categories
 non-electronic and electronic categories, such as supermarkets and some electronic categories.
 Please note that we are getting strong in electronics and in electronics there is the biggest opportunity
 comes from offline and in order to capture this offline customers we have been making
 on enough phases margin investments to gain additional GRB.
 On the third question, expectations about the profitable
 The Scottish market is an inflection point and this is the right time for us to prioritize
 That is why we raise capital and we are focused on investing in and delivering long term value
 creation.
 As a result, our key principle remains to prioritize growth to create momentum value by attracting more customers,
 increasing order frequency and adding more merchants on our platform.
 and the next question maybe I can take the next question it was about the
 profitability for new businesses, right?
 Let me remind you.
 At Hashtag Express we aim to become a mainstream grocery shopping destination.
 or has to pay, it is designed to be a companion wallet to spend, save, and mobilize money
 in a flexible way across online and offline.
 So with this strategic mindset, you will certainly prioritize growth for our strategic
 assets.
 In my view, our superb value proposition, we will continue to invest in and scale our
 strategic assets to the benefit of our customers and if they pay or if they express are particularly
 important to us because they are well positioned for strong long-term growth.
 Okay, thank you. So, basically, from my understanding, the strategic margin investment sort of the temporary discount state could continue as long as you see the growth opportunity from these.
 Exactly.
 opportunity, they can continue those campaigns and margin investments.
 principle always will remain that we're going to increase our customer base, merchant base,
 the selection and that is our core principle.
 Okay, I'm going forward from what I understand sorry for the follow-up. So you will be tracking we will be tracking growth
 in GMB, obviously, but we will be seeing disclosure from here on the total orders rather than
 breakdown of things like active user base and the frequency.
 We will see the total order number.
 That is true by the year and we will be sharing our customers' base increase and frequency
 numbers in detail, but on the course of the basis we don't disclose, we only give the overall growth figures.
 Okay, thank you
 Thank you.
 Next question is from the land of Ghid Kiran Khandadeh with J.P. Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you for the presentation.
 of my questions there are, but I have some more.
 The first one is about competition.
 How are you planning to respond to accelerated last-mile and fulfillment investments by
 the trend?
 are now much bigger than you all the filth of one side.
 And how many merchants have been already on board
 program services because you have given some sort of statistics going to IPO and I just
 on the development here.
 And what is the share of total orders delivered by HEXYShare?
 What is the progress here?
 And if you also mentioned about from share incentives to management, I think which is not included in your payroll course in the second quarter
 Can you please give some details about this?
 And finally, about your working capital, that would be released in the second quarter.
 So I'll ask you to please think about these developments in the second call from a cash
 flow perspective.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, let me take the first question, maybe let me just first remind you, are there defined
 use of process plan.
 As you remember, we have a very strong,
 redefine use of proceeds, which includes
 exploration of our gross flywheel,
 Skating of our strategic assets.
 investing in our operations, logistic and technology infrastructure and of course driving
 for your challenge.
 which in that context, as we discussed briefly so far,
 We also definitely invested and scale our capabilities across these lines.
 We operate a large, fast and scalable in-house logistics network with last-minute deliveries,
 and operations capabilities powered by our proprietary technology.
 I mean, as you remember, we mentioned, as a result of its expansion, now has to jet
 achieves present in every city in Turkey.
 reaching 137 crosstalks.
 where it has to match our nationwide pickup and drop-off network.
 expanded to more than 1,500 pick-up and drop-off points across the country.
 And as a result of this question, I suggest to conduct more of retail deliveries and more
 of marketplace deliveries in Q2, compared to the same pace of last year.
 And also it has to do with our logistic capabilities.
 They are able to offer a variety of value disturbances, especially frictions return, delivery by appointment,
 same day and next day delivery options.
 And also, let me remind you, at TX International, at International Business Award in 2021,
 We were awarded with a Gold Award for our Frictionless Becoming Service in the Best User Experience
 category.
 So we believe our robust logistics network gives us a significant competitive edge in offering
 strong customer experience and will continue to do so.
 I want to say thank you, but it is possible for you to share some statistics here because
 I really want to understand the offside in HECSI, and so what is the current status about
 I mean, on the last mile, how many, I'm listed,
 share of social orders delivered by HEPSYJET.
 And how many merchants have you already done both for the fulfillment services?
 I'm sorry.
 potential growth.
 Yes, thank you so much again for the question. Let me tell you.
 has to jet, actually, as you remember, also shared in the prospectus, is in the early
 face of his journey, and he keeps scaling the number of mergers and getting on board it.
 On the other hand, it has to be checked.
 It's kept increasing.
 its contribution to retail deliveries as well as marketplace deliveries
 compared to the same period of last year.
 So it keeps growing.
 year over year with respect to Q2, both in 1P and 3P contribution wise in terms of number
 of delivery.
 Hope this was helpful.
 I'm the next question for you.
 The next question is about management incentive plan and how much will be coconut in Arcana.
 Is the correct answer there?
 Yes, let me get it.
 Okay, that's correct.
 Okay.
 In total, we have 132 million recognized in our channel, as mentioned in Sanctis Planet
 And also, this 98 million Turkish lira is based on discounted cash payments, which is projected
 to be done in the year 2021. And the second part is 34 million. It's based on share-based
 which will be made within the next 18 plus 12 plus 12 months, according to our plan.
 plan. So in total we recocked 132 and this count of cash payment 98 share
 pay 1.34, this is the contract based on that thing's land disclosed in the agreement.
 On the working capital side, yes, our working capital will keep on improving in the second
 health due to the fact that our GNV will continue to grow in the second health and with a better
 management the effect to improve our operating cash flow in the second half.
 Okay, so that guy shouldn't be any seasonality impacting the working capital, right?
 I mean, the psychosophical fear.
 So I can assume the similar type of protein type of management.
 There is always a seasonality in the second half, especially in the fourth quarters, having
 that our procurement increases significantly and we are growing significantly in the third
 and take on the seasonality experiences in the past,
 the expected better networking capital by the end of Q4.
 it so improves gradually.
 Thank you very much.
 And can I finally ask about the Higgs Express?
 You mentioned about new brands to be on both in grocery delivery.
 resource.
 Okay.
 Is there any national brand here that you managed to onboard recently?
 Because we are referring to Q2 results, we cannot actually disclose any future or
 forward-looking plan at this point, but I can tell you Hashtag Spread already actually
 Thank you.
 over 40 brands and roughly 1,800 stores with more than 50 cities.
 And also, as you remember, we launched water service,
 water delivery service as well.
 Thank you very much, Marcy.
 Thank you.
 As a reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone.
 Once again, to register for question, please press star and one on your telephone.
 As a final reminder, to register for a question, please press DONE 1 on your telephone.
 Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time.
 I will now turn the conference over to management for any closing comments.
 Thank you.
 Thanks operator. I would like to recap what you have heard from us today.
 I vision it to lead this revolution of commerce.
 Today, we are one stop shop for our customers, everyday needs from products and services
 to groceries and payment solutions.
 are solving operational executions,
 Charity of efficiency.
 robot logistic network, these technology capabilities,
 household, brand name,
 business model and integrated ecosystem has positioned us as a homegrown company
 to emerge as the first-ever NADAC-based Turkish company.
 We operate in attractive markets that is a large, young, urbanized and textile population.
 Again, let us remind you, the Turkish market is at an inflection point, with a growing
 Thank you.
 expect to exceed 20% within social retail by 2025.
 That said, roughly 90% of total retail is still offline, offering a large opportunity
 for growth and this is the right time for us to capitalize on these opportunities.
 Our key principle remains to prioritize growth, to create long term value by attracting more
 customers, increasing our order frequency, adding more merchants, expanding our selection
 of catalogue, maintaining our price competitiveness, and gaining our new strategic assets.
 With the use of funds raised in our recent IPO and our strong balance sheet,
 We will continue to invent in our vision.
 Thank you for everyone, for your time today, and we look forward to speaking with you again
 next quarter.
 Ladies and gentlemen, the conference is now concluded and you may disconnect your telephone.
 Thank you for calling and have a pleasant evening.