 Thanks for hearing. Good morning.
 I'd like to begin by acknowledging all of our team members and independent owners across
 the AAC family for their efforts to better serve our customers in the quarter.
 With their dedication, we're executing well against the five-year plan reviewed at our
 Dr. Conference last November.
 In Q1, a comp store sales performance was down 2.7%.
 This result reflects the impact of a series of factors we anticipated in Q1, as well as
 short-term headwinds that were not planned. These headwinds impacted the
 the entire industry in Q1.
 Let's start with what we expected.
 As we noted last quarter, our Q4 performance
 benefit it from two significant factors.
 First, the shift of New Year's Day to Q1, which helped Q4 but reduced comp store sales in Q1.
 Secondly, a substantial increase in winter-related demand was pulled forward into December and
 out of January. In particular, our northern markets benefited from the cold December.
 Given our geographic footprint, we disproportionately benefited from this in Q4, and it disproportionately
 We heard us.
 in Q1.
 None of this was a surprise.
 And the fact that our comps in Q1 were lower relative to Q4
 was consistent with our 2017 operating plan and consistent with what we said last quarter
 when we reported comp sales of 3.1 percent,
 the strongest performance in the 12 quarters post the GPI acquisition.
 We've been looking at our business across Q4 and Q1 combined for several months now.
 This provides a normalized picture of sequential sales
 improvement.
 For the 28-week period, we delivered positive sequential improvement in our comp sales
 performance. The combined comp for Q4 and Q1 of down 0.3% was approximately at 70 basis
 improvement versus the cost in Q3 2016.
 The sequential improvement we've delivered in recent quarters
 demonstrate we're making real progress.
 At the same time, we are not immune to the macro headwinds within the industry, which
 resulted in unexpected, substantially softer consumer
 demand in the middle of Q1, as reflected in the publicly
 available data.
 This timeframe was worse than expected and resulted in a slow start to the spring styling
 season. That said, these short-term variables tend to smooth themselves over time, and while
 We only need to manage them as part of our day-to-day operations.
 They don't change how we're transforming the business and how we think about long-term
 growth.
 The beginning of the quarter was in line with our expectations, as was the end of the quarter.
 We, along with the rest of the industry,
 experience softness in February and March.
 The good news is, we closed Q1 with stronger performance.
 And this is carrying into Q2.
 As a result, we expect sequential improvement
 in our top line growth, once again in Q2,
 as compared with our Q4, Q1 combined number of down 0.3%.
 So to reinforce the key points for our top-line performance,
 We're viewing Q4 and Q1 as one combined time frame in our transformation.
 Q3 last year had cons of down 1%, and Q4 and Q1 combined had cons of down 0.3%.
 Well, this was less than we planned.
 it represented sequential improvement.
 And we expect to deliver sequential improvement again in Q2.
 Our steadily improving sales performance reflects the impact of decisive and consistent actions
 We've taken across three areas of focus, giving us confidence going forward.
 First, our priority to put the customer first
 is permeating the organization.
 It has been and will continue to be VT driver for consistent top line growth.
 Second, our sustained investments in availability, customer service, and our front line is
 is strengthening execution and engagement.
 And third, better execution throughout our supply chain
 is driving increased spill rates, higher end stocks,
 and reduced order-to-delivery time.
 Together, this is resulting in a better experience
 for customers in both professional and DIY.
 Turn the operating income.
 We've been clear.
 Our turnaround won't be linear.
 It's important to note that while we're not managing our business
 quarter-to-quarter of two-one operating income results,
 were generally in line with internal expectations
 at the beginning and end of the quarter
 with the notable exception of larger-than-anticipated cell softness in February and March.
 As in the past several quarters, our operating profit performance reflects
 reflects deliberate choices to invest in our business
 specifically in the customer to position AAP for the long term. When sales slowed
 down in the middle of Q1, we could have made a short-term decision to pull back on customer service.
 But in fact, we made a deliberate decision to sustain the investment.
 At time
 Hence, we know that difficult choices need to be made to fully capitalize on the significant
 opportunity we have to drive both and margins over the long term given the
 early stage of our turnaround, and focus on
 re-invigorating the customer experience,
 The choice to sustain investment in customer service in the middle of short-term, weather-related
 softness was one of the easier decisions made in the quarter.
 These investments are beginning to pay off
 as evidenced by sequential improvement of constant storage
 sales, along with progress on core input metrics, including improved in-stock rates, significant
 reductions in turnover.
 and factor delivery times to customers.
 the other drivers of our operating margin decline.
 resulted from fixed cost you leverage due to the comparable store sales decline and are
 continuing efforts to optimize our inventory.
 will provide more color on the financials shortly.
 At the same time, our productivity agenda is on track and ramping up nicely.
 We're now executing against the framework we've been constructing over the past several
 months. As the program moves from designed execution, we'll realize considerable productivity
 savings in the back half of the year per our annual operating plan.
 As a result of these factors outlined, we delivered an adjusted operating margin rate
 of 7.1% and adjusted ETS of $1.60.
 Taking all of this into account,
 we remain confident with the progress we're making
 as we execute our plan and expect sales and customer momentum to continue with more operating
 leverage as we enter the back half of 2017.
 well relative to our primary input metrics.
 as the beginning and end of the quarter was in line with expectations.
 Unfortunately, the middle of the quarter was below plan, as we've broadly experienced
 across the industry.
 We also believe the sales softness was short-term in nature given recent trends.
 Importantly, a productivity agenda is ahead of plan.
 We've now concluded that we can drive more gross savings
 in a shorter period of time.
 We'll do this while continuing to position the business to grow faster.
 We'll begin to see improvements from our productivity initiatives in the second half of this year,
 which will help us meet bottom-line targets with Q1 behind us.
 I'm pleased to report that we are now officially transitioning from phase one of our transformation
 plan to phase two.
 one had three overarching objectives.
 First, refocus the organization from top to bottom on the customer.
 We've lost sight of this top priority and needed to regain the customer first culture
 to ensure long-term growth.
 Everyone at AAP needed to raise their game
 by putting the customer first in everything we do.
 Across our businesses, we're now seeing adoption of a mindset
 that everyone's number one priority
 for the customer.
 Second.
 Develop and align the organization behind a clear strategy and five-year plans with
 accelerate performance.
 In addition, we've defined and are now executing
 against a new set of foundational cultural shifts
 we need to make.
 And third, build a world-class leadership team
 that can execute our plan in the short term,
 while transforming our business in the future.
 we're reinventing advanced auto parts.
 And I'm excited by the fact that we've built a new and highly skilled leadership team by
 by attracting top talent from multiple companies and industries.
 this when combined with deep, hard experience.
 throughout the organization.
 gives us a team which can both perform in the short term.
 Well, thanks for me.
 business over the long term. In phase one, we need deliberate and sustained
 in availability, customer service, and our front line.
 This has improved input methods and sales trends while getting market share performance moving in the right direction.
 With phase one complete, we're turning our attention to phase two.
 Our objectives for Phase 2 include, first, elevate focus on the customer and continue to narrow the performance gap.
 Second, flawlessly execute the multi-year productivity plan we've been developing.
 We have a significant opportunity
 to prospering and permanently remove unnecessary costs.
 And third, challenge our new leadership team
 to elevate our focus on attracting and developing
 talent throughout the organization.
 With stronger talent, we'll build new capabilities
 to win in the future and evolve the culture to lower value.
 We've been hard at work with our growth agenda, and over the past three quarters, developing
 our Phase 2 initiatives, we're very excited about the capabilities we're building as
 We test and learn new ideas throughout the country.
 We're now beginning to scale the top performing initiatives.
 Hurry!
 We're improving the customer strength and driving consistent execution across our network
 for both professional and DIY customers.
 Inprofessional. It all starts with improving availability.
 Here, we're building on the successful pilots we ran last year.
 Availability Transformation.
 positions the right parts closer to the right customers by store, reduces order-to-delivery
 time and drives growth.
 We've now added more stores to the availability transformation, and we're seeing some more
 robust performance improvements that we saw in our lead markets in 2016.
 As a result, we're expanding in select markets throughout the balance of the year.
 We're also augmenting this improved availability with an enhanced technology platform.
 We piloted this last fall with exceptional results, and made the decision to invest in
 in a back-end analytics engine combined with front-end
 consumer-facing technology for customer account managers
 to improve sales productivity.
 with better insight into our customers.
 Our customer account managers are able to more effectively manage their time with customers
 to better meet their needs.
 This will be fully deployed in Q3.
 In DIY, we're equally focused on improving our customer and team member experience.
 We've been running DIY experience pilots in a number of stores and markets.
 These policies are aimed at standardizing the in-store customer experience store-by-store
 region by region. So every start of the year,
 or has the same consistent properties,
 the same consistent training and the same consistent approach to servicing the customer.
 In addition to making critical investments in the customer to drive growth, the second
 Pillar of Phase 2 is the focus on our robust productivity pipeline.
 Since we announced the productivity agenda and corresponding targets last November,
 Alex-
 Analyst Day, we've been aggressively putting the structure and leadership team in place
 to execute a sustainable multi-year productivity
 program.
 As we said previously, the productivity muscle simply did not exist at AP.
 Our agenda includes thoughtful planning to change the work, investment in infrastructure
 and people to drive it, and an intense focus on increasing
 visibility and performance management of cost.
 Our new leadership team has been instrumental in applying both long-standing experience
 and fresh perspectives to build our productivity
 agenda.
 As a result, we're updating the target.
 We shared with you last November of $500 million in productivity over five years and we now
 expect to achieve $750 million in gross productivity over four years, reflecting both the significant
 increase and acceleration.
 Over the past several months, we've been aggressively challenging ourselves to think
 differently about the work, and how the thoughtfully and permanently removed waste from our system.
 The additional $250 million has resulted from our new leadership team challenging the status
 quo.
 will allow additional investments in our customers
 So, expanding margins.
 To be clear, the productivity target is not self-dependent.
 It's a gross number, and some of this cost benefit
 will be used to fund growth initiatives.
 Well, the vast majority of it will drive marching in prison.
 Of course, the agenda continues to focus on the three pillars we shared last November.
 First, zero-base budgeting, or GDP.
 Second, the optimization of our supply chain.
 And third, reducing material input costs with very
 excited about this work.
 I'll need to share some examples.
 First, on CBB, we're standardizing our first-to-cost control,
 will eliminating redundancies and unproductive spending.
 There are substantial opportunities here throughout the company.
 Our GBB agenda includes fundamental process redesign,
 policy changes, and a complete rethink of how work gets done.
 This has been completed in many areas throughout the company, and we expect to realize cost
 from this in the back half of 2017.
 Second, the simplification and optimization of our supply chain will drive both effectiveness
 and efficiency.
 We're looking at a supply chain very differently than we have in the past.
 We're starting with the customer and working back to better meet their needs while leveraging
 the formidable footprint we enjoy today.
 In doing so, we're building new capabilities
 and leveraging the entirety of our asset base.
 The great news here is that this approach provides the dual benefit of new capabilities
 and productivity without requiring additional investment in new buildings.
 As an example of supply chain optimization, we've already consolidated fleet management
 companies, transitioning from three partners to one.
 Previously at Dance, World Pack, and Auto Part International,
 negotiated plea contact separately which resulted in three different suppliers and three different
 We're moving to one.
 In addition to significant savings, AAP will benefit from enhanced analytics
 and coordination across our entire fleet associated with having a single dedicated partner.
 This is a material simplification opportunity that leverages scale, dramatically improves
 improves offset utilization and lowers cost.
 Thanks for watching.
 Let's put material in for test.
 Again, we're taking a very different approach than in the past.
 We're conducting deep dives on product categories to better understand the material cost of
 of excuse in our assortment, and what type of collaborative value
 engineering we can do with our suppliers or grand partners as we now refer to them,
 who are helping us find the wins both of us need to drive accelerated growth.
 This work has already been conducted on several product categories,
 resulting in increased cost transparency and an improved material cost structure.
 We're working with our suppliers in partnership to apply this rigor and process across many
 categories throughout the balance of the year.
 Today, we've been building the foundational elements of our productivity agenda and have
 a high degree of confidence in our planet.
 We're now ready to drive execution of this plan, which
 will generate meaningful savings this year and beyond.
 In summary, as we enter into phase two of our transformational journey, we're inspecting
 in customer service and execution to narrow the top-line growth gap versus the industry.
 we're dramatically increasing the focus on our productivity agenda to drive margin expansion.
 And perhaps most importantly, we're increasing our proficiency in growing talent and evolving our culture.
 This is not an overnight process, but we're pacing as expected and we'll continue improving each quarter.
 As I said from the beginning, the opportunity to drive shareholder value at AAP is substantial.
 to fully capture the opportunity ahead.
 We're taking a focused discipline of course to accelerate long term growth while staying
 laser focus on improving execution and performance for the valve for the year.
 So that's all for this video.
 I'll ask that Tom will pray to show financials.
 Hey, good morning, Chris. Yeah, you're pretty much right on. I mean, when we looked at the
 investments that we're essentially needed to make in the first quarter of this year.
 Last year, the changes that were made in our customer-facing hours in the stores was quite
 negative for the overall customer experience. So we made the conscious
 decision to invest back in the customer in the quarter.
 Well, Chris, just step back.
 I mean, what we've done in the construction of our strategic plan, we've obviously looked
 over a longer time frame than individual quarters.
 And what we had concluded last year, and we communicated to, I think, the analyst community
 in the...
 was the company had really lacked focus on the customer period.
 period, for quite some time.
 As you know, we've been losing market share for seven years and, you know, over that time
 frame, you know, habits get built up, you know, our people, you know, take a different
 approach to the customer that we would have liked, the different than we would have liked,
 As we built up the strategy itself,
 We wanted to make sure that we were changing that approach with the customer up and down
 organization. So, from a leadership team perspective, from a planning of our
 customer facing ours from the standpoint of how our stores interacted with customers.
 So, as we built out the five-year plan, you know, we looked at what we needed to do in
 2017 and 2018 and beyond.
 As you know, we started to make some of those investments last year in the back half of the
 So we'll start to laugh those as we get into the back half, but without a doubt as we plan
 Even the business in 2017, we knew that the first part of the year was going to require
 investment in the customer.
 You know, as I look around the room, most of the people in the room and here today work
 with advance, you know, nine months ago.
 So that part is dramatically different
 than when I arrived here.
 The team we're building is committed to really building a performance culture up and down
 the organization and that includes existing leaders at AAP who've been in the industry
 a long time and are really stepping up.
 Bob Cushing's in the room here with us today.
 He's got 30 years of parts business experience.
 We also brought some of the new people we brought in have come from the parks business.
 people like Mike Broderick who similarly has
 30 years apart to experience them is now our chief merchant.
 Bob and Mike are really committed to dramatic improvement, performance improvement here
 at AAP.
 part is really exciting. I think we're also injecting smart, talented new leaders that
 to have exceptional industry experience
 up and down the organization.
 So we brought in Tom Oakrey from Amazon, as you know, Leslie Keating joined us from
 free to lay. Now we rocked him from Pepsi. We brought in Maria Ayres to run one of our
 divisions from private equity, Mike Freedon came to us from Taiko, these are all global
 leaders who are bringing a completely different mindset and approach to transform AAP.
 So, that, my fundamental leadership team is pretty much in place now, and now, of course,
 we're going, you know, the next level down
 and telling themselves we're sitting here.
 You know, there's two people in the room today.
 Tom has fired from other companies that have joined us that are going to add tremendous
 How are they acclimating?
 I think that's a great question in integrating to the company.
 We still have work to do.
 I think to build the teamwork and the energy
 around the opportunity going forward.
 These are very talented individuals.
 that are bringing different perspectives in,
 but you can't snap your fingers
 and have the top 200 people in the company immediately gel.
 So I think we've got a little bit of work to do there,
 but I feel terrific about the talent
 that's joining the organization.
 I've been really excited by the fact that we've been able to recruit such talented people
 We've been very successful with that.
 Yeah, let me take that one.
 No.
 Now we're going to stay with our guidance of approximately $250 million, the additional
 gross...
 productivity number is not dependent on that.
 With respect to breaking down the 250, you hit on the key points.
 It's IT, it's news stores, it's maintenance.
 You know, we're not going to go into further detail other than to bucket it that way.
 Good morning, Simeon. We're not going to comment on the specific margin outlook in the second quarter.
 We do feel really, really good about our ability to thoughtfully remove costs and improve our
 as we get to the back half of the year.
 First of all, I'll let Bob talk a little bit about what's changing on the professional
 side of the business. I think it's changing pretty dramatically. Bob, can you talk about
 how you're pulling together the professional side.
 Your time.
 Again, and Simeon, let me get to your second question, which was around the pacing of the
 investment.
 You know, if you think back to what we showed last November,
 You know, company lacks focus on the customer.
 and no cohesive strategy, inability to execute notable capability gaps on the leadership team.
 But as we laid things out and constructed the new leadership team from Bob to Tom Oakley
 to Leslie Keating who's come into our supply chain to Mike Broderick.
 I mean, we really saw an opportunity to drive the productivity agenda faster,
 and the opportunity there is significant.
 We really see, we have a line of sight to the entirety of the $750 million over the
 four years.
 It's in the three buckets that were described in the prepare of remarks.
 We've planned it strategically, working from the customer back.
 I mean, we're all, we're rooting our productivity agenda in the customer.
 It's not just shaking costs out, so we're ruining it in the customer.
 And then we've done a very rigorous bottoms-up planning exercise that
 And it definitely phases the productivity by year, by period, by geography, so we feel
 really good about our ability to take the cost out without disrupting the customer.
 Okay, thanks.
 So, let me step back from this one, Seth, and provide some context, and our approach
 is to provide guidance once a year.
 And consistent with our focus on operating for the long term,
 We're not going to provide regular updates, as a matter of course.
 The long-term outlook for the industry remains very, very compelling for us, and we remain
 focus on executing the key elements of our transformation plan.
 I was respected 2017 and well Q1 had a weak patch in the middle of a quarter that impacted
 of the entire industry.
 We've actually seen improved trends over the last several weeks, and based on this we've
 started...
 the more normalized environments for the rest of the year.
 And our investments in the customer are clearly having an impact and with our productivity
 and it's just kicking in in the back half of the year.
 we feel all of this will drive significantly improved results.
 And that's helpful.
 And then, as you think about those long-term productivity targets that you updated today,
 Does the timing change at all?
 Also, you know, you shortened the timeframe, does that impact 2017 or more of the incremental
 savings in 18 and beyond.
 Yeah, I'll take that one.
 the timing from this, well, first of all, Scott, we're really excited about this productivity
 I can't tell you how excited we are.
 and it's been nine months in the making, you know,
 Obviously, we've been working on it with our entire team
 As Tom came in in November, he really
 brought a new dimension to how we were thinking about it.
 We started to accelerate some things that hadn't been accelerated.
 We brought Leslie Heatingen, who's a terrific executive, track record of success with productivity,
 with significant experience interacting with the supplier community being both on the supplier
 both on the supplier side and working on the part side of the business, so the construction
 of the productivity agenda is something that we're very, very excited about.
 As we look forward, we're going to continue to look at ways to be ahead of where the customer is going.
 Obviously, we want to go where the pocket is moving, and to that end, we're going to
 continue to look to places to invest to sustain long-term growth.
 What we showed in November was our goal is to perform above the industry average in terms
 of sales growth and to expand margins significantly from where they are today.
 That stands as we say here today.
 We're not going to update exactly how that's going to play out in the next, you know, 12 months.
 But, you know, we should be able to update you towards the end of the year in terms of how that will unfold.
 But the 750, obviously, is a four-year number now, so we're in 17.
 So, you know, 17, 18, 19, 20 is the time frame for the 75th.
 Well, Mike, I certainly understand the question, you know, and I'm going to go back to, you
 you know, as we planned the business for 2017, knowing what we knew in November, which was,
 you know, the challenging situation we were dealing with in the front half of the year,
 you know, reducing customer-facing hours, really an inability to execute.
 We're still building out that productivity muscle, some gaps on the leadership team at
 at the time.
 You know, we obviously plan the business accordingly.
 So from our standpoint, if we hadn't reflected on the factors I just mentioned and used that
 in our plan, it would have been somewhat irresponsible.
 So we did plan the business to be back half-loaded in terms of margin flow-through.
 Obviously, we're mindful of what we're tracking for in the year, but we can't really speculate
 on hypotheticals right now.
 We're focused on executing our plan and really positioning the business to deliver
 long-term value and that includes investments in the customer and building out the product
 So our transformation is well underway and we're confident we're going to show the impact of our actions on both top and bottom line in the second half of 17 and beyond.
 Well, just on your question on on will it be better about the years absolutely no question about that Michael
 You know, we haven't talked a lot about the failed number, but there was, as we said,
 done in our prepare of remarks.
 We had the date flip, right?
 The take-flips pretty basic.
 We knew exactly what that was going to be worth in the fourth quarter last year.
 We also had this significant pull forward of winter-related demand into December, in
 particular in our northern markets, which we had an idea that was happening in, you
 Obviously we finalized our plan in November and early December, so we didn't know how
 big that that December was going to be and when you look at some of the categories that
 performed well in the fourth quarter, you know, they were, you know, winter-related
 categories.
 And a lot of that got thrown out.
 So not all of that was planned as we planned the first quarter.
 That said, in the last several months, as we continue to really work this productivity
 is in the heart.
 You know, Tom O'Cray, Leslie Keating, Mike Broderick, Bob Cushing, we were really, really
 pressing hard to, you know, take real costs out of the business sustainably, and that's
 while we feel very good about the long-term prospects to get
 You know, the margin expansion opportunity that exists.
 Yes.
 I mean, our goal is to perform above the industry average, which, as you know, is free
 to 4%. Everything we look at says this is a very healthy industry, car park, 2016 new
 a new vehicle sale, vehicles in operation, miles driven, average age, all of them stay
 three or four percent, which means that we'd have to be above that in order to achieve
 of our comp-fail-to-goal.
 for buckets.
 The first one is customer service hours referred to as labor.
 The second one, Tom, was just describing as our fuel the front line or our field incentive.
 of, you know, the third is parts availability and supply chain, making sure we're getting
 the right part, at the right time, to the right place, and then the last one is promotion.
 And just a little bit more color.
 I mean, as Tom said, when we came in and they're looking at the company and this transformation,
 We really need to build a foundation.
 So are we over-indexing in our investment
 in the customer?
 Absolutely.
 Is that going to get more surgical over time and optimized?
 You know, certainly, we're always going to invest in the customer, but over time, we're
 we're going to be able to do it more efficiently as our productivity agenda catches up as well.
 This is all going to get together and we're going to have an inflection point.
 So that's the way I think about the investment in the customer.
 Great question Matt, I mean we're accelerating our efforts on this now.
 As you know, we took a bit of a step back from what we had been doing, which was more
 of the old CCR work, which was consolidating stores, converting stores, relocating stores,
 as Leslie's come on in conjunction with Bob,
 We're really starting to work from the customer back on our asset base.
 We've got plenty of assets.
 Leslie would say that, Tom would say that, I would say that.
 We just haven't leveraged them the way that they could be leveraged and to their potential,
 So making sure we put the customer first in everything we're doing and constructing
 our supply chain from that is where we're headed.
 And we are making some pretty big, big strides on that.
 I'm not going to get into all of the details
 for competitive reasons.
 but we're pretty excited about, you know,
 how our enterprise, customer-facing tools, technology,
 and supply chain will evolve over time.
 and really start to improve our team metrics
 on order to delivery time, having the right part
 in the right place, our availability in the market.
 all of those are part of the plan and the idea is to leverage the entirety of our asset
 Not to approach it, you know, from the previous approach was trying to, you know, integrate
 advance and complex. We're looking at it more broadly.
 Thank you so much guys
 Okay.
 Yeah, so as you well know many of the strategic accounts have put out RFPs in the industry there looking for multi-year agreements with their suppliers
 And so a number of those have come up over the last six months and so.
 And I tell you that we basically have one, certainly in every single one of them.
 So we're winning, and we're winning because of what we basically are bringing is the
 capabilities of the organization and certainly what we're working on which we share with
 We see them as our strategic partners.
 They basically have looked it out certainly for what we've already been able to provide
 today, and certainly now, certainly leveraging all the
 banners across the enterprise, they know what's coming as well.
 And as I mentioned, that new model that we're putting out there,
 they're extremely interested in that.
 We're going to leverage that as well with them.
 But I would say for the most part, you know, customer by customer, we're winning and we'll continue to win.
 in that particular side of the business there.
 And as I said, it's growing, and it'll continue to grow.
 Obviously, we look really closely at those things.
 before we, you know, handle these RFPs.
 I mean, I think it's a natural outcome
 that the large customers in the professional side of the business are going to get larger,
 So we've got to manage that in our overall portfolio.
 We're not going to comment specifically on the size of it.
 We're pretty excited about the fact that Bob has come in with his background, with his
 leadership team.
 They've done a great job packaging up what we consider to be the best portfolio of parts
 in the industry, including the training institute that we're standing up, Bob's standing up,
 or sorry, the integrating, this is the CarQuest Training Institute with the World HAC Training
 Institute, which provides tremendous value to our large customers out there in the marketplace.
 So we're gonna continue to leverage the scale
 of all of our businesses, you know,
 to build a more attractive portfolio for our customer
 and over time we believe that that will help us win in the market.
 Understood. Thank you very much.
 Well, we're pretty excited about Speed Park, Dan.
 And we've got an opportunity to do a better job connecting directly with our speed prex
 members.
 I will tell you that will evolve over time, you know, we want to make speed first more
 sticky.
 It should be more than just a promotional coupon off event and so I'll leave it at that
 but we're working pretty hard on how to better connect our physical and digital access,
 And that includes the Speed Purse program.
 Well, I know your competitors claim that there's minimal pipe left with the demand in this industry.
 And we've had this amazing, gross marketing expansion cycle
 a little over 10 years.
 But do you think we're at the point now
 where it becomes necessary to use pricing to drive market share.
 Yeah, it's certainly not a huge part of our agenda going forward.
 We're looking very carefully at strategic pricing, but, you know, in terms of a weight
 on gross margin, we don't see that.
 There's one follow-up question. Can you talk about why you announced the higher productivity
 It doesn't sound like, you know, we're going to see much change in the second quarter.
 doesn't really begin to kick into the third quarter.
 And even then, it really doesn't really
 began to get a momentum until 2018. So curious as to why today was it necessary to talk about
 to savings, particularly when you're not comfortable talking about the net savings on the gross
 Well, for sure, concert are the primary focus for us at the moment.
 You know, we're driving at, you know, customer investments, we're driving at things that
 matter to our customers both on the professional side of the business and on the DIY side of
 of the business.
 And our goal is to continue this request for improvement,
 which we talked about, and obviously, you know, relative
 performance is important within that or a market share.
 We don't get a lot of market share data then, but where we do, we pay very close attention
 and we're making progress there.
 We're out gaming chair.
 Okay, to be clear.
 but we are narrowing the gap in terms of our performance
 and we're gonna continue to stay focused on that.
 And over time, you know, the goal is to narrow that completely and then obviously at some
 point performed above the industry average, so that is the primary focus.
 Well, first of all, the 750 is literally down to the dollar, right?
 The $750 million is planned out over the next four years.
 We know exactly where that is in the vast majority of cases.
 That 750 is not sales dependent.
 There's very little of it that moves up and down with health.
 When you go to one sleep company from three companies,
 You know, that doesn't have anything to do with what we sell.
 If I'm able to reduce the touches, which are way too high in our current supply chain,
 if I can take the touches down, that's worth something.
 if I can reduce the number of miles driven
 on the same number of deliveries in the same amount of sales.
 that takes cocktail without driving sales.
 So, we've constructed the productivity agenda such that it is not sales dependent, okay?
 Okay.
 But we're not looking for leverage on these cost-out measures because they tend to be
 waste, or redundancies, or things that can be reduced, and given where our
 relative margin is versus the industry average, I think you can probably see that we have
 a pretty good opportunity to do that, you know, because we have peers in our industry
 have already done it. So we're focusing on essentially looking at our asset base and
 our model and how we invest with the customer and how do we close the margin gap as we're
 driving at the customer agenda.
 quarter.
 a dramatic improvement in our cons obviously coming off a difficult Q1.
 Your second question was on the, repeat your second question.
 Yeah, so you talked about some of the availability test initiatives that you're rolling out,
 I'm just kind of curious what kind of complice are you seeing in the test markets?
 You know, very, very strong lift.
 You know, we're now up to, I think we're up to five markets and we're continuing to
 the same performance improvement, you know, we're not going to give a specific number,
 It's very, very strong and very compelling.
 and took on the Q1 gross margin.
 I'm just curious if you could sort of break out a little bit, maybe, like, how much of
 that decline was merchandise margin,
 and how much of it was just key leveraging,
 You know, like occupancy costs and other effects costs.
 and synergizing these three instances.
 First of all, great question, Chris.
 I mean, we're, you know, with Leslie coming on,
 We're taking a very different step back on the supply chain, again, starting with the
 customer.
 You know, she's actually conducted, or our team has conducted, a series of interviews
 with customers that...
 Okay.
 better understand the needs. We spent a lot of time on DIY consumer insights last year
 for professional customer insights last year.
 We're augmenting that this year to really make sure we understand we're delivering against
 put the customer one.
 She's also looking at it end-to-end.
 Okay, so we're not looking at discrete parts of our supply chain.
 We're looking at the entirety of the supply chain because a lot of times in supply chain
 and you can reduce cost in one area
 and increase it in another area.
 So it's really an end-to-end look at it.
 As part of that, we have, she would say, we would say,
 Bob would say, all of us would say, we have significant inefficiencies in our current
 supply chain. We have many nodes, many assets. Obviously, our store is operated, fulfillment
 centers as you know, so taking a step back and looking at the entirety of our supply
 And the seamless movement across it is something that is very much on the agenda.
 and we're building out the plan to better integrate
 the various nodes we have within our supply chain, which ultimately will improve our order
 every time to our customers, as you said, take miles out, take cost out, and reduce
 start inventory overall.
 So that's the goal and more to come.
 You know, footprint on DCs, how do you think about that?
 Yeah, we're not gonna comment specifically on that but everything's on the table to be clear, you know
 Now, we're going to operate as efficiently as we can.
 OK.
 and then one
 Let me make a comment on that.
 First of all, I think what customers want more than anything,
 that they want consistency and execution of delivery.
 So when they notice the placing in the water, they know when you're having it.
 So I think critically important that we're all back.
 We've always basically focused on making sure
 that we have that same execution day in, day out,
 the customer's count on that, number one.
 Secondly, it all has to do certainly with the product
 as well.
 The World Pack has a unique product
 Disortment certainly has the special repair shops throughout the entire North America.
 And so that also is another part of it where the lion's share of a lot of their business
 basically scheduled.
 So therefore, that fits well with the schedule delivery.
 However, there is, again, more and more pressure
 on reducing the order cycle time, and we'll have to take the number of steps to reduce
 you at a cycle time as well.
 So that's part of the trends in the industry.
 We're all doing it, so I think, as I mentioned,
 earlier, you know, where we're transforming the professional experience with these new
 a new startup type of pilot that we have, one that we're starting next week, is having
 all of that capability under one rule.
 And that's going to transform and differentiate, advance from the rest of the industry.
 Mewani for any final comments.
 I'll go ahead.
 So, thanks Operator. We'd like to conclude our call by thanking all of our team members
 and independent owners across the AAP family for their efforts
 to better serve our customers in the quarter.
 In addition, as we approach Memorial Day, we'd like to thank all the members of our
 military for their service. We're making major changes at AAP, and we
 We remain focused on the substantial long opportunity we have to drive shareholder
 Bye.
 Let's forward to updating you on our progress once again in August.
 Thanks.