 Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to HDST Bank Ltd's QC FY22.
 on the financial results presented by the management of HDSB Bank.
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the Listen Only mode and there will be
 an opportunity for you to ask questions after the brief commentary by the management.
 Should you need assistance during the conference, go in.
 Please note that the signal and output are very precise, they don't need a stone phone.
 No, the discontent is being recorded.
 I would now like to hand the microphone over to Mr. Srinivasan by Jannatin.
 Chief Financial Officer, HTSB Bai, thanks you and over to you sir.
 Good evening and a warm welcome to all the participants.
 First, to start with the environment and the policies that we operated in the quarter
 conducive for growth with good tailwind from monetary and fiscal policy.
 You all know about the activity indicators bearing better in Q3 like the PMI, GST collections
 three variables, et cetera, et cetera.
 They're also up to date about the CPI or the policy rate
 stance and the liquidity conditions.
 Now, in that backdrop, the equity capital market was robust in the quarter, private
 she was raising almost 80 to 1000 crores, we were mandated for 8 IPOs.
 Indian bond market also saw a significant increase in the number of IPOs in the market.
 Indian bond market also saw a significant increase in the number of IPOs in the number
 are total fund raise of approximately 1.87 lakh crores in the quarter, the bank maintained
 ranking as one of the top three arranges in the INR bond market. Now with that let's go through
 five teams at a high level before we delve into the quarter financials.
 One, on the balance sheet continues to get stronger.
 For instance, the capital adequacy ratio is at 19.5 percent, CET is at 19.5 percent, CET
 one at 17.1 percent.
 is strong as reflected in our average LCR for the quarter at 123 percent. Balanchite
 remain resilient, the GNP ratio is at 1.26 percent, floating on contingent provisions
 agree
 getting to this 10,100 crores has been reducing the balance sheet and positioning for crores.
 2.
 Investments in key enablers are picking up in executing our strategy.
 We opened 93 branches in the quarter, 171 branches here today, it is 9 months period.
 To give additional context, we have added 525 branches over the past 21 months that
 during the COVID period positioning us for capitalizing the opportunity. We onboarded
 little more than 5,000 people in the quarter, 14,300 plus people during the nine-month period.
 We have onboarded about 17,400 people over the past 21 months during the COVID period to get the
 the people ahead on the productivity curve of the economy accelerates further. There
 as a growing impetus on digital and we have taken the steps necessary to ensure our customers
 a great and consistent experience in whatever channel they choose to bank with us.
 key initiatives like a streamlined, modern customer experience of allowing access to
 content across channels and devices will be introduced soon.
 We are also committed to continuously enhancing the digital experience for our customers through
 fully revamped payment offering.
 We have taken multiple steps to ensure, ensure robust, scalable and secure technology setup
 strengthen even further.
 And key initiatives include capacity for UK has been tripled, net banking and mobile
 banking capacity has been doubled to manage 90,000 users concurrency, a significant step
 because most of our customers now rely on digital channels
 and for banking needs.
 The bank has migrated to data centers in Bangalore and Mumbai to state-of-the-art facilities.
 The bank is moving to the next level of disaster recovery with DR automation and implementation
 of odd VR, active active setup for key applications.
 significant upgrades in network and security infrastructure to support our exponential
 growth in digital transactions.
 our digital capability is coupled with rich data and customer's behavior.
 Take thought, Instance.
 For instance, a traditional retail product wherein close to 80% new loans go through digital
 scorecards are automated underwriting.
 In Q3, we received the total of 245 million visits on our website, averaging 31 million
 You need customers per month.
 As per our analysis, we had 30 to 70 percent more visits on our website, we saw the public
 Thank you for watching.
 Have a great week.
 Of course, 60% of the visits were through mobile device indicating the mobile simplicity
 of the footballs.
 Three, on customers, acquiring new liability relationship is setting new high, preparing
 for broad basing and deepening relationship and time to come.
 During the quarter, we opened about 2.4 million new liability relationships, 6.4 million new
 new liability relationships during the nine months period of this financial year, exhibiting
 the growth of 29% over the same period last year.
 4. Our market leadership in digitizing the economy is setting new high. In Q3, we achieved
 the highest ever issuance of with 9.5 lakh car issuances since late August when we recommence
 issuance of new cars, they have so far issued 13.7 lakh cars.
 The credit card spent for the bank has grown 24% year on year and debit card spent has grown
 We spend growth reflect both increase customer engagement and economy improvement from a
 consumption perspective. In similar lines to our CSC partnership and to scale our business
 for that, they have signed MOUs with two large payment
 for distributing certain products.
 This opens up further opportunity to scale among other places, growth in semi urban and
 rural areas, leveraging partner distribution access points and feet on the street.
 We have further scales, emerging growth segments such as easy EMI, consumer durable, targeting
 or promote customers through segmented sales and marketing, consumer finance business has
 1 plus 1 lakh plus active distribution points. We have over 5 million customers with easy
 EMI options.
 The bank merchant offering is scaling to provide enhanced value added services across various
 segments.
 as 2.85 million acceptance points as of December with a year-on-year growth of 35%.
 The banks acquiring market share stands at approximately 47% with the 19% share in terminals
 processing about 300 million transactions per month.
 months.
 has been focusing in Suru locations and is investing in training and offering segments
 specific solutions. Over 50% of new merchant sourcing is from suru locations.
 Asset volumes are gaining momentum to reach new heights, driven through relationship management,
 digital offering, and breadth of products.
 In the wholesale segment, COSICs continue to generate strong cash flows across sectors,
 resulting in fair degree of prepayments.
 Trade continues to be an opportunity for credit group, factoring, invoice financing, export
 financing, input financing or some of the products we participated in to grow.
 They are also making progress in the MNC segment with their ambition to be the largest player
 in the space.
 corporate banking and other wholesale loans grew by 7.5 percent over prior year and 4.4 percent
 over price order. On the retail assets fund, the momentum picked up observed pick up observed
 during Q2 continued its stride in Q3 as well, witnessing a robust sequential asset growth
 of 4.7% and year on year growth of 13.3%.
 This has been on the back of a strong incremental dispersals during the quarter.
 commercial and rural banking businesses are robust to grow this quarter, registering a
 sequential growth of 6.1% and year on year growth of 29.4% reflecting underlying economic
 activity and continued not to share games.
 Now let's start with Net Revenues.
 Net revenues grew by 12.1% to 26,624 crores, driven by an advances growth of 16.5% in the
 the passive growth of 13.8%.
 net interest income for the quarter which is at 69% of net revenues grew by 13% year
 on here and registered a sequential growth of 4.3%.
 The core net interest margin for the quarter was at 4.1 percent, this is in the similar
 range of previous product, net interest income growth is reflective of underlying shift from
 unsecured lending, essentially gravitating towards higher rated segments in the COVID
 period. This is also represented in our ratio of net interest income to RWA which is consistent
 at around 6 percent, moving on to details of other income which is at 8184 crore was
 was up 9.9% versus prior year and up 10.6% versus prior year.
 recent commission income constituting about two-thirds of other income was at 5075 crores
 and grew by 2% compared to prior year and 2.6% compared to prior quarter.
 The wholesale constitutes approximately 93% and wholesale constitutes 7% of fees in commission
 She is excluding payment products through year on year by 17% and she is from the payment
 products decreasing year on year due to lower fees on card loan products, cash advances,
 over-limit fees reflective of a cautious approach to car-based lending as well as customer preferences.
 However, car sales, ANR and interchange have come out robustly which positions us for future
 growth and the customer propensity to use card product for loans and revolver increases.
 In addition, during the festive period, we offered certain fee waivers to incentivize
 customer engagement.
 The effects and derivatives income at 949 crores was higher by 69% compared to prior years,
 reflecting pickup and activities and spread.
 The trading income was 1,046 crores for the quarter, prior year was at 1,109 crores, and
 prior quarter was a 676 growth, some of the gains from investments were monetized in line
 with our strategy.
 The second miscellaneous income of 1,113 crore includes recoveries from written-off accounts
 and dividend from such a brief.
 are moving on to expenses for the quarter at 9851 crores, an increase of 14.9% over previous
 year. Here on year we added 294 branches bringing the total branches to 5779. Since last year
 We added 1,697 ATM cash deposit and withdrawal machines taking the total to 17,238.
 We have 15,436 business correspondence managed by common service centers, which is higher
 by about 1900, slightly over 1900 compared to the same time last year. Last income ratio
 the quarter was at 37% which is similar to the prior year level as previously mentioned
 When technology investments are further stepped up and retail segments pick up further, we
 anticipate the spend levels to increase driven by incremental volumes, sales and promotional
 activities and other discretionary response.
 Moving on to asset quality, GNPA ratio was at 1.26 percent of gross advances as compared
 to 1.35% in prior quota and 1.38% on a performer basis in prior year.
 It is pertinent to note that of the 1.26 percent GNPA ratio, about 18 basis points are standard.
 These are included by the NPA as one of the other facilities of the borrower in the NPA.
 net NPA ratio was a 0.37% of advances, net advances, preceding quota was a 0.4.
 The annual slippage ratio for the current quarter is at 1.6, about 4600 crore as against 1.8%
 agree seasonally has contributed approximately 1000 crores to slippages or about 25 basis
 point annually straight. During the quarter, recoveries and upgrades were about 2,400 crores
 or approximately 25 basis parts.
 Dytops and the corpus were 2200 crore approximately 23 basis points.
 sale of NPA about 260 crores, approximately two basis points in the quarter included in
 than one of the categories above.
 Now, looking at chip bonds and restructuring and so on.
 The checkdowns rate continues to improve in December across most of the retail products
 and is not only back to pre-pandemic level, but are also marginally better. Further, the
 early January bounce rate shows continued improvement. Similarly, demand resolution
 at 97-98% for most of the products back to free code level and in some cases better than
 pre-coverage levels.
 the improvement in bonds and demand resolution rates at aggregate level amongst other things
 The restructuring under RBI resolution framework for COVID-19 as of December end stands at
 at 137 basis points.
 This is at the borrower level and includes approximately 28 basis of points of other facilities
 of the same borrower, which are not researched, but included here, to give some color on research
 accounts, 40% are secured with good collateral and with predominant good
 Sibyl score which we feel is comfortable of the unsecured portion approximately two per
 for salaried customers, and about 40% of goods will score more than 700.
 the demand resolution is showing encouraging trends.
 COVID restructuring has been an enabler for our customers to tide over the uncertainty
 in the last few quarters. Initial indicators suggest that most of these customers are now
 to resume their payment with minimal impact to overall quality of the advances of the bank.
 As mentioned previously, impact of restructuring on our GNP ratio could not, can be 10 to 20
 basis point at any given, any given quarter. We talked about it last quarter and mentioned
 The core provisions, the core specific long-life provisions for a quarter that 1,821 crores
 as against 2,286 crores during the prior program.
 total provisions reported with 2994 pros against 3924 pros during the prior quota total provisions
 in the current quarter included additional contingent portions of approximately 900 crores.
 The specific provision coverage ratio was at 71%.
 There are no technical write-offs or head office and branch books are fully integrated.
 At the end of current quarter, contingent provision towards loans were approximately Rs.8,600 crore.
 The bank's floating quotient remained at 1,400 quotient and general quotient were at 6,000 quotient.
 Total proportions comprising specific floating contingents and general proportions were 172%
 2% of gross non-performing loss.
 This is an addition to security health as collateral in several of the case.
 looking at through another lens, floating contingent and general provisions were 1.27% of gross
 advances as of December for grant.
 Now, coming to credit cost ratio, the core credit cost ratio that is the specific loan
 loss ratio is at 57 basis points for the quarter against 76 basis points for the prior quarter
 and 116 basis points on a performer basis for prior years, recoveries which are recorded
 as miscellaneous income amount to 25 basis points of gross advances for the quarter against
 the country three basis points in the prior quarter.
 The total annualized credit cost for the quarter was at 94 basis points, which is the total
 which includes impact of contingent provision of approximately 30 basis points.
 prior year was at 125 basis points, prior quarter was at 130 basis points.
 Net profit for the quarter at 10,342 crores grew by 18.1% over prior years.
 We will give you some balance sheet items, color on some balance sheet items.
 debt process amounting to 14,45,918 crores is up 13.8% over prior years. This is an addition
 of approximately 40,000 crores in the quarter and 175,000 crores since prior year.
 constituted about 83% of total deposits and contributed to the entire deposit growth since
 last year.
 Africa deposits registered at a robust growth of 24.6% year on year, ending the quarter
 at 6,081,225 crore, with savings account deposits at 4,71,000 crore, and current account deposits
 So 2,10,000 volts.
 10 deposits at 764,693 crores grew by 5.6% over previous year.
 Time deposits in retail segment grew by 8.3%.
 time deposit from wholesale segment decreased by 2.8% year on year.
 Bazaar deposit comprises 47% of total deposits as of December 9th.
 Total advances were 2060863 crores, grew by 5.2 percent sequentially and 16.5 percent
 over prior year.
 This is an addition of approximately 62,000 crores during the quarter and 179,000 crores
 priority.
 Moving on to CAPAD, which I covered at the beginning.
 According to Basel 3 guidelines, total capital adequacy is 19.5 percent, year 1 18.4 percent,
 CET at 17.1% which I covered previously.
 Now getting on to some highlights on HDBFS,
 This will be on India's basis.
 The total loan book, as on December 31, stood at 60,478 crore, with a secured loan book
 compared to 74% of the total law.
 conservative underwriting policies on new customer acquisition, which was implemented
 during COVID continues to be in place and will be reviewed in due course based on external
 environment.
 investments have picked up in Q3 growing 9 percent quarter on quarter on 11 percent here
 on here. For the quarter, HDB SSLs, net revenues were 1,982 crores, a growth of 15 percent.
 and contingencies for the quarter were at 540 crores including 97 crores of management
 or less.
 1,024 crores for prior years.
 The profit after tax for the quarter was 304 crores compared to a loss of 146 crores for
 the prior year quarter and the profit of the tax of 192 crores for the sequential quarter.
 I will talk to you again.
 Then gross stage 3 stood at 6.05% flat sequential quarter.
 80 people of the stage 3 book is secured, carrying promotion coverage of about 41 percent
 is fully collateralized. 20% of the stage 3 book which is untraceable had a promotion
 coverage of 84 percent.
 The utility coverage ratio was strong at 222 percent, STB is funded with a cost of 5.9 percent.
 total capital adequacy ratio is at 20.3 with the tier one at 14.9 with markets opening
 up and customer accessibility improved to near pre-COVID levels, we believe the company
 is well poised for a healthy growth from here on subject to any impact on further ways of
 Now, if you work on HSL, again on India's basis, HSL stays the securities limited with
 There is wide network presence of 213 branches across 147 cities and towns in the country
 has shown an increase of 58% year on year in total revenue to 536 crores.
 profit after tax of 258 crores in Q3 is an increase of 58% here on here.
 HSL's digital account opening journeys are running successfully.
 There has been a significant increase in overall client base to 3.4 million customers as of
 In summary, we have reasonably overcome the effects of pandemic over the past 21 months
 across broad concepts of balance sheet PNL and human capital while the effect of the
 The latest COVID wave is not clear, which we will have to watch out over the next few
 week to see it.
 We are confident of navigating through this, applying our learning from past ways.
 Our growth is accelerating, leveraging on our people, product, distribution and technology.
 The total result reflects the cost of growth of 14 percent, advances growth of 16 percent,
 product tax increased by 18%, delivering the return on asset over 2%, earnings per share
 in the quarter of, it will be 18.7, book value per share increase in the quarter by, it will
 19.4 to 414.3. With that, thank you very much. With that, may I request the operator to open
 not for questions please.
 Thank you very much.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session.
 Anyone who wishes to ask the question may press star and one on your touchstone telephone.
 If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and two.
 Participants are requested to use answers while asking a question.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the questions you've assembled.
 The first question is from the line of Maro Kanjanya from Ilara Capital. Please go ahead.
 Hello, congratulations.
 My first question is on credit costs, so total credit costs including contingencies have
 come below 100 after many quarters around three years. Now assuming that they know further COVID
 Is that the new normal we are likely to see over the next few quarters?
 Thank you.
 I hope I can, yeah, use the song, okay.
 Excuse me sir, I'm so sorry to interrupt. May I please request you to speak closer to the phone sir, your audio is not clearly audible.
 Okay, all right. Yeah, I moved my chair, but it's okay. Yeah model. Thank you. Yes
 It's a valid question and appropriates it.
 Thanks for asking that.
 We are coming from a COVID cycle where our booking
 booking have been, from a retail point of view, have been denied.
 second from a wholesale point of view which we have shown very highly rated
 corporeal. So, we come through the cycle and now starting to begin to get the retail out.
 The recent fintages, when we look at the recent vintage performance, they are far superior
 both the entry-level scores and the customer profile
 in terms of how we opened up and started,
 they are superior, right?
 And whether this is a new norm,
 I would not say that this is a new norm, right?
 This is you have to look at critic cost normally over a bike for a period of a few years.
 to look through a cycle.
 And that's how you need to look at it.
 But if you look at our NPA, 1.26 can bounce around at any time 10 to the basis points
 up and down, two quarters ago, 1.47, now 1.26, so you can go up and down within a small range
 that's where it can come.
 From a credit cost point of view, well, we have not given a particular outlook as such,
 But we have averaged in the past, call it 1.2, 1.3, they're about that's the kind of
 range at which the total cost of credit, total provisions that have come up with.
 current quarter is at about 95.
 So that's the college, a little lower than that, right?
 So in a broad range, if you think about 100 to 120 kind of a basis point, that's where
 in a in a last go back to pre covid that's the kind of range at which we have operations right
 And if the credit costs are lower, then the way we look at it is it calls for experimenting
 a few things. It calls for opening up for policy. So there is a policy reaction that
 That comes in, right?
 always, that's the pull and pressure between the business and the credit that happens.
 So I didn't take that 50 or 60 basis points,
 total credit cards or the specific losses or the total cost of 95 basis points is a good
 standard for long time to come, but this is the current course of where we are.
 Okay, thank you. So my next question is on fees. You didn't mention that payment and credit card related fees declined
 But were there any one of the more I mean if you could give more color was there any one off of big time
 and proportional expenses, which won't recur.
 So that we know or we can, you know, get a clear outlook on the trajectory in the next few quarters.
 Okay, yeah, you know again again good question. Thank you. See the fees 5,000 or crores that we reported is 2% right in the past
 We have done pre-COVID, if you think about it, before there were waivers and so on and
 so forth.
 we have done to the odd percent also.
 have consistently said the way to think about the fees is somewhere where it should settle
 is mid to high teens kind of places where it can settle, right, normally.
 And again, this quarter, if you think about excluding the payment product, it is at about
 payment products has been unusually low. There are a few things to think about on the payment
 products.
 I alluded to, we offered certain fee waivers to incentivize customer engagement, so that's
 which does not need to occur every quarter, but it can happen every other quarter depending
 on what programs we run, but that's part of running the business and that's part of growing
 the franchise. So that's one thing to think about. Second, even from a car's point of
 a few. From a credit, I think I alluded to in terms of how customer behavior from a late
 payment point of view right is that the customers are paying very much on time so that is reflected
 there too, so the opportunity that we used to get from a late payment doesn't come through.
 the customers used to pay cash advances,
 So the cycle has to turn little more on that and so you will see some cash advances coming
 Right?
 And from a policy point of view, until recently, we were tight on the credit limits, right?
 So, there is a credit limit over the credit limit, there is some fees that will come that
 is also lower because from a policy point of view, we've been cautious on that, right?
 But as we speak now, the policy review has taken place and we are getting to business
 as usual subject to another way of what it does and so on right, so that is that is one
 aspect that you think in terms of the impact, but then the broader conflicts is required
 in terms of what is the overall, right?
 So if you think about the customers themselves, particularly I'm talking about the payment
 products, the cards, customers, right?
 The credit line utilization is at a low.
 It is like on gatex of the pre-pandemic level.
 So while the spend levels are up 24% and the interchange is quite robust and good with
 the good deal that we get on that, but the credit line utilization has got much more
 to
 go to get back to the pre pandemic level.
 So that's one thing on the people who are spending.
 So that's in their face.
 And then if you think about this, they are all paying what is happening to the revolver
 types right that is also about 0.7 to 0.8 of the pre-covid levels in terms of the revolving
 on cars. So there is much more room for people to get into those revolver types. So that's
 part of what the strong quality of the book that exists today, right? And that is part
 of what some of the fees that come are also muted, which are connected to that.
 I'll give you another perspective to think about on the cost of the customer's liquidity.
 deposit balances, you know, most of our card customers, you know, have liability relationships
 with us, right? We have good amount of liability relationships. Card customers contributed
 almost forex, this is pre-coding, right? If he exits the advanced, he exits the A and
 of cards, which is the card loans on both at an aggregate level. At an aggregate level,
 The liability balances of the card customers
 were typically in forex.
 right now it is 5x. So which means customers are sitting in good amount of deposits and
 and liability balances with that.
 So this is the economy has come down and now with the huge amount of liquidity and cash
 And so this is part of the cycle growth that we expect
 that to come back to a reversal, right?
 So from a long-term point of view,
 mid-teams to high-teams is what we have said in the past
 that that's what one should expect
 from a car-fuse point of view.
 Thanks.
 But how, in your attachment, how many quarters would it take to reach that long term?
 It is combination of both the environment, the economic activity in the environment
 and the customer behavior to get on with that.
 with that. Could be two, three, four quarters. I would expect that I don't want to venture
 to predict exactly what it is because there is no exact sign that tells where it is but
 But typically the
 .
 is what you would see that it takes for a maturity model to operate and similarly the
 The same thing applies to, if you think about the PPOP, it is very similar, right, whether
 As the loan growth gets back, the PPOP should more or less mimic the loan growth.
 That is what historically that we have shown,
 That is where it's typically we have performed, right?
 That is the kind of what the loan growth is, the headline.
 That's what most of the lines operate,
 tend to be similar as we go along.
 Okay, thanks, thanks a lot.
 I can't do it.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Alpayesh Mehta from IASL Security, please go ahead.
 Okay, thanks.
 Thanks.
 taking my question and congrats on the decent set of corners.
 The first question is about the reconciliation between the on the restructured loads.
 3CE in the votes to account that works out to be around $23,000.
 and it's 1.37, it works out to be around 17,000.
 So how do you reconcile both these numbers?
 OK.
 So you're seeing what we've said.
 When I see notes to account, the total number works out to be around 18,000 gurus plus there
 There would be a R1 number, so both put together is around 25, 900.
 also mentions that the double counting between R1 and R2 is around 2700 crores or something
 So the impact number works out to around 23,200 crores, whereas our commitment shows that it's around 17,200 crores.
 So that is the gap of this around 6,000 euros.
 Okay, got it, got your question.
 See, it is based on what the template, somebody finds the template and we fill the template
 up and put up there, right? So that's something different. It's a good point that you raised,
 The 25,000, what was there is, what did you grant as a restructuring in R1 and R2 when
 you add up that is what it is and if you eliminate the, eliminate the double counts, it is like
 .
 22000 right this is originally as granted in several point in time that means whenever
 it was granted at those point in time, what was the number, that is what you see there.
 Last September, we reported a number of people who were in the hospital, who were in the
 18,000 crores last September and currently we say 1.37 that is 17,500 crores or so approximately.
 So first what would be the 18,400 to 17,500 the movement are they call that about 900
 growth or movement that half of it is moved to NPA, half of it is a net of various recoveries
 So that is part of what from September to December, things have moved, right?
 But between the 22 to what we reported in September 18,000, that is a net of whatever happened
 before September which is between what happened to NPA, what happened to various recoveries
 an adjustment around that time right as we speak in September that's part of I think some
 some of you picked up the number of what was originally granted but what was outstanding
 as of September 18,000 and now it is 17,500 okay so you see me just correct me if I am
 wrong. If I look at the September disclosure right, the R1 plus R2 minus R1 plus R2 minus
 double counting, the as per the notes to accounts was around 22,500, of which there were NPLs
 and the amount repaid of the R1 amount that you mentioned in the notes to account so that
 number was around 20,400. Whereas as per your disclosure in September was 18,200. So the
 was the difference between the amount which was reported as of September and between the
 your result date. Is that my understanding correct?
 I correct various other recoveries and other things that came until the reporting date.
 Okay, okay, and right now also is a similar situation wherein you have not reported the
 end the
 and the repaid amount out of R1 and R2. So as per the notes to account it could be around
 23,200 crores but after the recovery, NPLs, everything and the repayment etc. it's around
 This quarter, this quarter notes to account simply calls for, this is again mandated right,
 was reporting only R2 as originally granted which is reflecting 18,000 crores or something
 the nodes.
 It is
 is not the outstanding, it is 17,500 is outstanding. So whatever was mandated to show in the notes
 that is what we showed, but when I talked and I gave the 1.37, that is the 17,500, which
 his R1, R2, whatever is the restructuring,
 training on the balance sheet that is the number that you are mentioning that is correct that is correct
 Okay.
 So the second question on the can you just give some qualitative comments related to the tenure of this book you mentioned as one of your comment that 10 to 20 basis points would be shifting to cross NPN at any given point in time.
 But that could be a situation that almost 25-30% of this book can sleep over a period of next
 one year.
 So, when we are talking about 10-20 basis points of that particular quarter or over the 10-year
 So for example, if it's around 1.37, then out of this 1.37 only 20 basis points can sleep
 in 20 category.
 I just wanted to clarify that now.
 by the way there is no particular signs of 10, 20 or something this is based on what
 our analytics comes up to say based on what experience we have seen, based on the customer
 profile which I alluded to to say, for example, the one that I gave, about 40% are secure,
 fully collateralized and with a good, good symbol score, which we feel very comfortable
 Then, on the unsecured portion, we said . . .
 .
 about college roughly about 2,000 or so family customers
 there we feel quite comfortable, right?
 And then on the balance, where we keep watch, about 40% are so good Sibyl scores, Sibyl scores
 more than 700 also.
 based on various these kind of analysis that is where we should said we feel comfortable
 that tend to the basis points at any particular point in time that can be within our tolerable
 range and from a restructuring point of view, generally the restructuring can run up to
 two years right and again if there was one year of a loan left under two years granted
 Now the person has got it for over three years to go.
 Okay, so again, just again clarifying over here is almost 15 to 20% of the book can sleep as per your analytics.
 Is that the number correct now that 1020 basis points is is so of 1.37% so it's around whatever that
 7 to 15 percent of the book can be based on your analytics or the customer data that you have.
 that you have.
 I don't want to venture into extrapolating the 10-20 basis points into various time periods.
 Yeah, yeah, got it, got it.
 Got it.
 OK.
 the second question is related to the credit growth. Historically, we had a multiple X multiple of the system credit growth that we
 always used to guide about but as just an indicated number but now when I see at the system level
 because of the consolidation in the larger segment between the PSU virus. The system
 may be growing at X percent but the private sector banks are growing much faster than that and some
 of our larger peers are also growing at a significant
 higher rate than that of the system.
 How do we see our credit growth?
 do we still maintain that X percentage that we used to talk about in the past or we can
 and have a better opportunities to grow much faster
 and gain market share.
 Secondly, your comments on the three specific products.
 One is payment product.
 The second one is the commercial and rural going to be growing very fast around almost
 study goes in my Hawaii.
 And lastly, corporate and homes and banking, since we have developed quite a bit of square
 capabilities over the last two years and grown with more compressing as a
 I don't know what I'm doing, so this is my question.
 Thank you.
 Okay, no, thank you.
 long question, but I'll try to be as short and crisp as possible.
 So, you know, if you think about the loan growth and the market share, one thing is that,
 You know, our long growth is consistent, right?
 consistently growing including during the COVID period.
 and one has to look at it, not one quarter, two quarters,
 but over a longer period of time,
 want us to look at how we are growing rather than the one field essentially looking at
 the consistency of growth over a longer time.
 For example, you can take a two year growth, right, longer period and that includes the
 3 is 2, we have grown at 35 percent, right, let us call it high teens annual that kind
 of a growth rate, that's why.
 And similarly you can go back five years, five years period between 2016 to 21 or something
 like that. Again, about two plus, the little more than double, call it high T type of growth.
 that's what you have at that time.
 So one has to evaluate in the current circumstances one also has to evaluate based on the incremental
 basis right what is what we have grown we believe based on an incremental basis we have a share
 of more than 25% or so on an incremental basis, right, from what has happened, you know, if
 If you think about it a lot and seventy nine thousand crores in the past twelve twelve months
 three lakhs, 25,000 crores in 24 months, right? And again, we focus on appropriate products
 Thank you.
 the categories of commercial and rural or wholesale and retail.
 Yes, at some point in time, we did grow a good amount of wholesale, it's a good demand.
 we were there for the customers to support them
 in terms of the whole thing, very highly rated.
 And now we see a lot of pre-payments happening.
 That's about 700% of what year on year we see in the whole set.
 On the commercial and rural, enormous opportunity and very fast growing, about a third of the
 countries GDP is contributed, but that kind of a segment, right, that segment and we want
 to participate more vehemently in that group in that segment and we will continue to bounce
 on that one.
 on the retail we were subdued rightfully so from a policy point of view we are back and
 that is what you are seeing in the sequential growth at 4.5% or so. So net net coming coming
 back to the same summary which is now one quarter or two quarters does not establish what the
 growth is about the consistency of growth and over a period of time and that is how you
 look at it in terms of our growth and we will continue to capture market share and again
 in a balanced portfolio across secured, unsecured in retail, across commercial and rural and
 So across various product spectrum, customer spectrum.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Akriti Kakkar from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
 Yeah, thanks.
 Hi.
 a good evening, Rahul here.
 a couple of questions, first one on the asset quality bit.
 Just wanted to confirm, was there any new restructuring
 that we did in this quarter?
 No, no new restructuring, but part of that net change that I gave you by on the cross
 which is whatever was in the pipeline that came through that was about 500 crores or so
 that knew that came in but that was not a new granted application granted whatever was
 from the pipeline that came, but then the pay downs and other things that happened.
 for net net, it is that 17,500 on point three seven.
 And that's it, thank you.
 The second bit is on these slippages and credit cost.
 I think I think Maru got to ask this question on the credit
 costs also 95 basis point and flippages also are one of the lowest that we've seen in the last few
 quarters. Assuming no pandemic impact, you think, you know,
 This could be a new normal over the next few quarters.
 And then in that context, how do you plan
 to build up the PCR buffers from here?
 We will continue to see more and more floating probes can come through okay good question
 use to touch upon another aspect of what Marukh also touched upon but you know as a bank we
 I do not need one particular outlook or a forecast in terms of how to look at the credit
 but all I can point to is to historical to say that in the recent COVID time period we
 operated 1.2, 1.3% kind of thing. If you go to little before the COVID period, 100 to 120
 basis point somewhere there we operated currently including the course the contingent provisions
 about 95 basis points but yes over a period of time again when you look at it you should
 reverts to that kind of a what was a pre-COVID mean type of a mean reversion should happen
 towards there, right?
 And current quarter is reflective of what we have booked, because the recent winter
 call it the 18 months or 15 18 21 months type of vintages that we book across various segments
 across various segments, they are of very good quality.
 Retail book is typically two years on an average retail book and it is of a very good quality
 And our innovation lab is working on several things including opening up new to new to bank
 So that means what previously that we had about call it 80% of existing to existing to bank
 a personal loan or call it two-thirds to 70% existing bank card loans, but now our innovation
 lab is making progress towards using alternative data from the market to see how new to bank
 that could be as efficiently score and pass through the muster on the scoring models to
 get it.
 So yes, I wouldn't ask you to project based on the current quarter, but you should think
 about it from a pre-COVID norm what it is and that's the kind of so your second aspect
 of the question on the building of the potions and so on, right?
 See, our buildup of the contingent provisions goes back several quarters and much before
 the onset of the code, please, right?
 So, for example, if you look at June 19 or so, when we initiated the build of our contingent
 quotient motions. That was the argument of counter-cyclical quotient then. At that time,
 the contingent portions were less than 1000 crores. Today it is built up, it is more than
 or about 70 basis points of gross advances or 80 basis points including floating corrosion,
 the way whichever way you look at it, right? What it does is that it takes the, it makes
 the balance sheet much more resilient for any shock uncertainty pandemic can bring and
 What does such a resiliency do?
 It supports good execution on the front line for our growth including making several experiments
 in our lab as I alluded to.
 So that's how we should think about, we evaluated quarter to quarter, there is no pre-planned
 type of how this runs, we take it as it comes in a quarter and evaluate it.
 Got it.
 Just two more questions.
 The other question was on the credit card or the payment product profitability.
 you laid out a few points why it was needed this quarter but when you think about the
 structural profitability of this product and also what regulations are thinking.
 any thought as to how we should think about what are the components that would still remain
 diminutive while the component which would witness some pressure. You pointed about the
 the P waiver, you know, the rate of payment, P, et cetera,
 sort of coming down.
 So how should we think about more from a one to two years of factor?
 Good question, right, we will come to that, the regulatory or any other thing that will
 come to that, but from a overall buoyancy point of view,
 The first aspect of a card is about the spend, and the spend is quite fixed up, 24% of so
 So that is something that has happened.
 And the next thing as the spend goes up, the credit line utilization needs to go up as I said,
 the credit line utilization due to the spend coming down over the period of the COVID came down.
 Now, it needs to go up, but there's still critical and utilization that about 0.8 of
 the three pandemic levels.
 So that should start to go up.
 then along with that gets to the revolving and so on and so forth everything else that
 And from a fee charging point of view, there's various fees, the penal type of fees or incentive
 type of fees or loan origination kind of fees, those are routine and will happen, moves on
 has the volumes come up, right? Any other type of fees that where there can be a regulatory
 constraint also comes to this cost, right? So that means you need to think about not
 not just the fees, it's also you need to think about the cost that goes to the fees.
 For example, if there is a certain piece that goes out,
 There has to be a certain cost also that goes off.
 And what are the type of cars that can go out?
 you would see that there is a balance between what you earn on the fees and what you spend
 on the expenses, call it the rewards, call it the cash side, call it the sales promotion,
 marketing promotion, they all have some linkages across the P&M right from top to bottom, these
 These are the kind of linkages, one cannot look at only one isolation as a structural
 change.
 no such structural change, but if there were to be a structural change one has to look
 at it across all the P in the lines in terms of what does this Krishnary and what supports
 walk and then accordingly one has to model. But from an aggregate sense, the car's profitability
 model should remain intact irrespective of whatever.
 Okay.
 Next question on the digital strategy, you know, you even also partnership with your entities.
 So we're going to just talk about this partnership with PENTAI
 from the entity that you're looking about
 then how does it sort of feed into your digital tool
 to a strategy to acquire and retain the customers and also from operating at which point of
 That is the last question.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 I know this is more of a key question and getting talked about everywhere in terms of
 of partnerships and how you think about and the cost of income and so on and so forth.
 Maybe it's a time I'll take 2-3 minutes or so to describe how we think about it and you
 see whether it fits in with what you're all thinking, right?
 see in a bank you will have to look at things in three different kind of activity call it
 like that right one is a customer acquisition the second one is a customer
 and third one is relationship management.
 So this is the continuum of how one engages with the customer and works on the various
 and the partnerships that we are all talking about is on the front end there, on the customer
 for acquisition site, right?
 and have several channels for acquisition.
 We have a lot of fun.
 Thanks for watching.
 virtual relationship model, we have a feet on street model, we have a physical DSA model
 And then now we have a digital marketing model developed over the last 3 years based on analytics
 and now we have a partnership model,
 let us call it a fintech partnership
 for any other type of partnership that you think about,
 That is another model and we do get gave you some time ago in terms of regarding 2.4 million
 relationship.
 That's the key ingredient that comes in based on which every other product starts to work
 on that, right?
 So that is the kind of inflow of customers.
 So you get little more accelerated customer acquisition
 at the end of the day you measure the effectiveness of that to the better cost of acquisition which
 which is the optimal cost of acquisition that is where it graduates to, if a branch brings
 links in accounts, links in relationships at a cost that is much better than the fintech
 of better than a partnership that is where things gravitate to right that is part of
 of the cost of the model, that's how you think about that.
 in certain other FinTech or a service or a mobile banking feature or various other things
 that goes in customer services, that is enabling customers to do things where it can be done
 on self-service or where it is done through a relationship management, how on a straight
 through basis on a paperless basis that we execute. That is where you measure that to
 a cost to income, whether are you at an optimum level in a cost to income where you are able
 to support the customer's activity in an optimum manner.
 Sorry, that is, that you measure through how we are executing on that aspect of it, right?
 Now on the relationship management, which is where the most of the money, right, which
 somewhere in the past we have done you said last year I think you mentioned it call it
 about the third, less than a third, less than 30% of our customers provided more than two
 of value to the back, right?
 And 30% of the customers are the ones where we have a relationship management.
 For the end of the day, you can bring in any customers through any channel, optimum cost
 of acquisition, you service them through digital approach to any way at the end of the day
 the value it comes through relationship management right that is what at least in our case we
 We have published that and we have talked about this in the past, so it is about the relationship
 management that brings them.
 Now, there are certain things in relationship management.
 For example, in the relationship management we implemented, we talked about over the last
 last 12 months actually during the code period, the analytics base engagement to the customer
 of the next best action that we implemented, right?
 in terms of how it rank orders customer preferences based on products behavior and intent to purchase
 and that the recommendations that come we have for 20 million customers we have recommendations
 that we have an engagement with more. Again, it is digitally driven, proprietary driven internally
 through analytics, technology helps there, but the delivery is through relationship management.
 So this can't be delivered through a mobile banking or an internet banking or a fintech
 partnership or any other partnership can't be delivered right it gets delivered through
 where the value comes through a relationship approach, right?
 So that is something that the capability is coming from there.
 So that's probably, I'll leave it there.
 I've taken a minute or two more than what I said I will do on that.
 So that gives a perspective of how we think about it.
 Yes, yes, thank you so much, Srini.
 It is very, very definitely ticket offline as well.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Sora from JB Morgan, please go ahead.
 Hi, good evening, Srini.
 So just one question.
 One, this is on your net interest margin.
 So how should we think about the progression from head
 the book mix clearly seems to be getting better and you know it's great rise and you
 clearly seem to be better positioned.
 So would you expect that the NIN should go up from here
 And in that context, your earlier comment
 that B-POP will grow in line with lone growth
 should entirely this code be better.
 Thanks, sir.
 OK.
 And see, sort of thanks for asking, again, a very key part of the dynamics from the PNL
 to think about.
 Right?
 historically over a period of 3 years, 5, 10, 15, we have seen all of those which you have seen too.
 The bank has operated in the band of, call it 3.94 to 4.45, right, 4.44.5% that's the
 band at which, by the way that is based on average, that is not interesting as it is
 because we don't want to get confused with the denominator being what it is, denominator
 in this case that I quoted the numbers is average assets because there is a process I think
 in the industry about using interesting assets, but that's a different matter, okay, 3.94
 That is the band at which currently we are at the low end of the band because the retail
 products where we see much more of yield coming, much more of a spread coming and it comes
 with the higher RWA, right? It comes with a higher risk rating on those, right? That comes there.
 We brought that down and it's in the mid-40s and it's starting to take its own legs and
 to start to grow, right?
 So one is that it needs to take its time to grow back
 what it was call it two years ago right. So that is the journey and the journey is you
 look at the sequential that you have seen about 4 and half percent, call it 18 percent
 or source the growth on the retail portfolio, right?
 And the next part of that could also be on the retail front itself.
 The main...
 of the retail front, whether in the current rate scenario, what sort of loans that yield.
 It also depends on the segment in which we operate.
 In the recent past we have had a good growth in retail this quarter 4.5 last quarter also
 So it's going to take a few quarters for that to come back to life, but within that
 As we came out of COVID and started to focus on this, we have five categorization for the
 the corporate salary segment which where many of our high-heeled products are targeted to.
 category A, B, C, D, E. And category A, B, C, C, A, C, C, C is a kind of a very popular
 we have had a good success to start with right now and we should have broad base as we go
 along with better yield and the rates also going up so that is that is something to keep
 keep in mind that and the other aspect of it is also the government signal, the government
 segment in our analytics, risk analytics model can typically be a low risk relative to the
 rest and will come in a space pricing model it will come with a low relatively lower yield
 So that is something also we have focused and continuing to focus on that also.
 So, at the end of the day, it will take few quotas for this mix of retail and within the
 mix of retail to be much more broad based across all the segments within the retail
 that we are talking about to come up.
 So that is one aspect of what you can think about the name coming up.
 The other aspect of the NEM is also about the rates itself, right?
 If you think about the repo rate,
 loans link to repo rate slightly under a third right now right about 3132 right slightly
 under one-third of our loan book is linked to a repo rate and about the little mid-single
 digit or so is linked to tables and so which is if you go back to 3 years ago when we were
 in the mid to high end of that name range the components that that means the composition
 of these two were very meager, very low, I wouldn't call it single digit but very low
 it was. So it has moved up and now the rate starts to move up that is going to give something.
 And of course, the cost of the rate starts to move, that will have an impact on the cost
 of funds too, but the cost of funds can come with a lag. I am saving deposits not necessarily
 on the time deposits which can come with a lag, right?
 So that's the kind of way you think about it,
 saying one is the rate environment and another is a mix of retail that can come and bring
 in that.
 Got it. So ideally it should move up. So that's what I was coming to that if you're and I am
 and tend to move up, shouldn't your operating profit be better
 and doing growth is the limited point. I was trying to get that thought up is a good point
 that you say right but from a from my point of view my perspective I will tell you that
 you need to be continuously investing right and when you make those continuous investments
 then that is where you get to the long term. So in a static book, what you say is right,
 If you look at it in the short term, say, hey, don't make any other change, just allow
 these two changes, change the mix on the loan and change the segment between retail, get
 to higher yield segment and should that be yes it will be but you know that it is not
 a unidimensional model. It should be a dynamic model where you invest for the future that
 That's why I alluded to in my opening remarks about the branch investment, about the people
 in the industry.
 of the technology investment. We need to do that for the future. You do not see a return
 known it today, you will see the little known it in a couple of years time, right, because
 the branch maturity model takes anywhere from 2 to 3 years to be in a reasonable state
 and between 5 to 10 years to get to the robust state.
 same with people productivity and so we need to make those continuous investments on those
 And so that is why the one that I mentioned that the three-provision operating process
 of BPOP mimicking kind of a lending growth rate.
 that's how historically we have been, because continuously we have added branches, so you
 If you think about the last 5 to 10 years we have added 2600 franchises in the last 5 to 10 years.
 in the last 1 to 3 years we have added 1,100 branches and so these are the kind of investments
 continuously we do to model so that it is dynamically maintained for a longer time to
 come.
 Thank you, Srini.
 Thank you for your time.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Suresh Kanpati from Macquarie. Please go ahead.
 Yeah, hi, I have a question on these on the
 the fees for the payments product in the sense that are you seeing pressure on interchange
 these are the MDR levels coming down.
 The reason why I'm asking this question is that first, of course, you can just tell us
 what has been the experience. And secondly, from the new digital payments paper, I know
 it's always difficult to second guess what the regulator is thinking but you
 really think there can be further reduction with respect to MDRs and debit cards can there be
 something on credit cards, can UPI be monetizable? I'm just asking all these questions because
 everything has got to do with the payment related fee. So, if the regulator is thinking
 only in one direction as to bring down the transaction cost then this is not going to
 be one quarter phenomenon you are going to be prepared for subsequent several quarters
 How is the management thinking about taking care of some of the regulatory challenges here?
 Thanks so much, Rini.
 Yeah.
 Thank you.
 that is indeed important to address it and think about and say about what we think, right?
 Then there are two aspects to this.
 One is the experience itself in terms of what we see on the interchanger or the interchanger
 of the MBR.
 There has been no pressure on interchange or MDR from a rate point of view, right?
 it has been quite steady and quite nice.
 So that is something from our recent experience.
 that is not been inhibiting our kind of a free line.
 The race is quite alright.
 No.
 Now, when the MDR will address that because it is easy to address, we will come to interchange.
 see mdr we don't make on a net basis we don't make much we don't make anything on mdr for
 for that matter. That means if it is an internal customer, that means we have an issuing card,
 our MBR business space entertains to the issuing card right so and if it is a third party card
 our MDR business case into change to a third party issuer. So, MDR business as such is
 pretty neutral.
 But we still very very vehemently pursue MDR relationship or merchant relationship 2.8
 in 85 million and continuously grow that because of the sandwich strategy which is along with
 that comes the liability and comes the asset value which liability we have already started
 and as such we are working on various models and we have come to a reasonable value there
 We still have to do a lot to grow there, but that's part of that strategy so that India
 there is nothing to take it away on India because there is nothing there to take it away.
 So that's one.
 Now, coming to the interchange, it is being held steady. If there is any other pressure
 on interchange, Suresh, I alluded to earlier in some other context of the question which
 Interchange in isolation perhaps should not be looked at, interchange should be looked
 in the context of what is the reward that is offered on the card? What is the cost of
 the world once.
 cost of the cashback cost which is there, cost of the sales and promotion marketing
 type of cast that are there. So when you draw a P and L only on the test, so that means
 Keep the revolvers to the side.
 keep those people who do the cash advances
 and who do the limit enhancements or spend more than the limits
 and you habitually pay late and keep them to the file, right?
 And it is a pure, pure trans factors if you see and you draw a Pinter along the trans
 It is like the MDR Sandwich strategy.
 You keep the customer engaged because you've got a float on the library side with the customer
 and you're able to do certain things on the other side of the customer.
 So if they interchange for any reason, which you can't predict, but if any reason that
 has to move up or down, then you get the other lever on the fin that will get operated, right,
 which is when you look at raw and you look at your cash pack then you look at your marketing
 and sales promotion.
 And so you look at all of those and try to manage the PNL to property.
 Okay. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today.
 I would like to run the conference over to Mr. Vadyanathan for closing comments.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 participants for dialing in today, we appreciate your engagement and if you do have anything
 more that we could help you from their understanding of Ajit Chetty in our investor relations
 will be available to talk at some point in time in the future.
 Please stay in touch with us.
 Thank you.
 behalf of HDST Bank Ltd that concludes this conference.
 Thank you all for joining me now disconnect your lines.