 Ladies and gentlemen, good evening and welcome to HDFC Bank Limited's Q3 FY22 earnings conference call on the financial results presented by the management of HDFC Bank.
 As a reminder, all participant lines will be in the listen-only mode.
 And there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions
 after the brief commentary by the management.
 Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing
 students.
 on your touchstone phone.
 Please note that this content is being recorded.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Srinivasan Bajanathan, Chief Financial Officer, HTSC Bank.
 Thank you, and over to you, sir.
 Good evening and a warm welcome to all the participants.
 First, to start with, the environment and the policies that we operated in the
 quarter.
 conducive for growth with good
 tailwind from monetary and fiscal policy. You all know about the activity indicators
 pairing better in Q3, like the PMI, GST collections, e-vables, etc., etc.
 They're also up to date about the CPI RBI policy rate stance and the liquidity conditions.
 Now, in that backdrop, the equity capital market was robust in the quarter, private issuers
 racing almost
 Rs. 82,000 crores.
 we were mandated for eight IPOs.
 Indian bond market also saw a total fund raise of approximately 1.87 lakh crores in the quarter.
 the bank maintained its ranking as one of the top three arrangers in the INR bond market.
 Now with that, let's go through five themes at a high level before we delve into the quarter
 financials.
 One, on the bank's balance sheet continues to get stronger.
 For instance, the capital efficacy ratio is at 19.5%, CET1 at 17.1%.
 Liquidity is strong as reflected in our average LCR for the quarter at 123%.
 Balance sheet remains resilient.
 The GNP ratio is at 1.26%.
 floating and contingent provisions aggregating
 to increase 10,100 crores helps in de-risking the balance sheet and positioning for crores.
 Two, investments in key enablers are picking up
 in executing our strategy.
 we opened 93 branches in the quarter 171 branches year-to-date nine months period
 To give additional context, we have added 525 branches over the past 21 months, that
 during the COVID period, positioning us for capitalizing the opportunity.
 We onboarded little more than 5,000 people in the quarter, 14,300 plus people during the nine-month period.
 We have on-boarded about 17,400 people
 over the past 21 months during the COVID period
 to get the people
 ahead on the productivity curve that the economy actually
 further.
 There is a growing impetus
 on digital and we have taken the steps
 necessary to ensure our customers are great
 and consistent experience
 in whatever channel they choose to bank with us.
 Key initiatives like a streamlined, modern customer experience sub, allowing access to
 content across channels and devices
 will be introduced soon.
 We are also committed to continuously enhancing the digital experience for our customers
 through a fully revamped payment offering.
 We have taken multiple steps to ensure robust, scalable, and secure technology setup strengthen
 even further.
 And key initiatives include capacity for UPA has been tripled.
 Net banking and mobile banking capacity has been doubled to manage 90,000 users' concurrency,
 a significant step as most of our customers now rely on digital channels for banking needs.
 The bank has migrated Cope data centers in Bangalore and Mumbai to state-of-the-art facilities.
 the bank of moving to next level of disaster recovery
 with DR automation and implementation of RDR active-active setup for key applications.
 significant upgrades in network and security infrastructure to support our
 exponential growth in digital transactions.
 Our digital capability is coupled with rich data and customers'
 data.
 behavior.
 for instance,
 take for instance
 a traditional retail product wherein close to 80% new loans go through digital scorecards
 or automated underwriting.
 In Q3, we received a total of 245 million visits on our website, averaging 31 million
 You need customers per month.
 As per our analysis, we had 30 to 70% more visits on our website
 is a new public private sector peer
 close to 60% of the visits were through mobile device indicating the mobile
 device.
 of the footfalls.
 Thank you.
 on customers, acquiring new liability relationship
 to setting new high, preparing for broad basing
 and deepening relationship in times to come.
 During the corporate, we opened about 2.4 million
 new liability relationships.
 6.4 million new liability relationships
 during the nine-month period of this financial year,
 exhibiting a growth of 29% over the same period last year.
 Four, our market leadership in digitizing the economy is setting new high.
 Thank you, Trim.
 we achieved the highest level
 issue himself.
 with 9.5 lakh card issuances.
 Since late August, when we recommenced issuance of new cars, we have so far issued 13.7 lakh cars.
 Credit card spend for the bank has grown 24% year-on-year, and debit card spend has grown 14% year-on-year.
 The spend growth reflects both increased customer engagement and economy improvement from a consumption perspective.
 in similar lines
 to our CSC partnership and to scale our business further.
 They have signed MOUs with two large payment banks for distributing certain products.
 This opens up further opportunity to scale, among other places, growth in semi-urban and rural areas,
 Leveraging Partner Distribution Access Point and Feet-on-Street.
 We have further scaled emerging growth segments such as easy EMI, consumer durables targeting
 or preferred customers through segmented sales and marketing.
 consumer finance business has one plus one lakh plus active distribution points
 We have over 5 million customers with easy EMI options.
 The bank merchant offering is scaling to provide enhanced value-added services across various segments.
 The bank has 2.85 million acceptance points as of December with a year-on-year growth of 35%.
 The bank's acquiring market share stands at approximately
 47% with a 19% share in terminals,
 processing about 300 million transactions per month.
 Bank has been focusing in Suru locations and is investing in training and offering segment-specific solutions.
 Over 50% of new merchant sourcing is from Sulu locations.
 Fine.
 Asset volumes are gaining momentum to reach new heights driven through relationship management,
 digital offering and better product in the whole segment carpet continue to
 generate strong cash flows across sectors resulting in fair degree of prepayments
 Trade continued to be an opportunity for credit growth, factoring, invoice financing, export
 financing, input financing are some of the products we concentrated into growth.
 They are also making progress in the MNC segment with their ambition to be the largest player
 in the space.
 Carpet banking and other wholesale loans grew by 7.5% over prior year and 4.4% over prior
 water on the retail assets fund the momentum picked up observed pickup observed
 during Q2, continued
 its stride in Q3 as well
 with nothing
 the robust
 sequential asset growth of
 4.7% and year on year
 growth of 13.3%.
 This has been
 this has been
 on the back
 of a
 from incremental dispersals during the quarter commercial and rural banking
 businesses are robust growth this quarter, registering a sequential growth of 6.1% and
 here and here
 growth of 29.4%, reflecting underlying economic activity and continued massive share gains.
 Now, let's start with net revenues.
 Net revenues grew by 12.1% to 26,624 growth, driven by an advances growth of 16.5% in
 is the possible growth of 13.8%.
 Net interest income for the quarter, which is at 69% of net revenues, grew by 13% year-on-year
 and registered a sequential growth of 4.3%.
 The core net interest margin for the coater was at 4.1%.
 This is in the similar range of previous quarter.
 Net interest income growth is reflective of underlying shift from unsecured lending essentially gravitating towards higher rated segments in the COVID period.
 This is also represented in our ratio of net interest income to RWA, which is consistent at around 6%.
 Moving on to details of other income, which is at 8,184 crores, was up 9.9% versus prior
 it is, and I've been fine
 6% was his price order.
 Fees and commission income, constituting about two-thirds of other income, was at 5,075 crore and grew by 2% compared to prior year and 2.6% compared to prior quarter.
 retail constitutes approximately 93%
 and wholesale constitute 7% of fees in commission income.
 Fees excluding payment products grew year-on-year by 17%, and fees on the payment products de-grew year-on-year due to lower fees on card loan products, cash advances, over-limit fees, reflective of a cautious approach to card-based lending, as well as customer preferences.
 However, card sales, ANR, and interchange have come out robustly,
 which positions us for future growth and the customer propensity to use card product for loans and revolver increases.
 In addition, during the festive period, we offered certain fee waivers to incentivize
 customer engagement.
 derivatives income at 949 crores
 was higher by 69% compared to Priorya,
 reflecting pick up and activities and spread.
 trading income was 1046 goals for the quarter
 prior year was at
 1,109 growth and prior
 quarter was at 676 growth.
 Some of the gains from investments were
 monetized in line with our strategy. Other miscellaneous income of 1113 crores
 includes recoveries from return of accounts
 and dividends from subsidiaries.
 Now, moving on to expenses for the quarter at 9,851 crores, an increase of 14.9% over previous year.
 Year on year, we added 294 branches, bringing the total branches to 5,779.
 Since last year, we added 1,697 ATM cache deposit and withdrawal machines, taking the total to 17,238.
 We have 15,436 business correspondence
 managed by common service centers,
 which is higher by about 1900, slightly over 1900
 compared at the same time last year.
 Cost-to-income ratio for the quarter was at 37%, which is similar to the prior year level.
 As previously mentioned, when technology investments are further stepped up and retail segments
 pick up for this
 We anticipate the spend levels to increase by incremental volumes, sales and promotional
 activities and other discretionary response. Moving on to asset quality, GNPA ratio was
 that 1.26% of gross advances as compared to 1.35% in prior quarters and 1.38% on a performance
 basis in prior year.
 It is pertinent to note that of the 1.26% GNP ratio, about 18 basis points are standard.
 these are included by it in NPA as one of the other facility of the borrower is
 in NPA. Net NPA
 ratio was at 0.37 percent of advances net advances
 Preceding quota was at 0.4.
 The annual slipage ratio for the current quarter is at 1.6, about 4,600 crores,
 as against 1.8% in prior quarter.
 Agree seasonally has contributed approximately
 thousand crores to slippages
 are about 25 basis points annually straight.
 During the quarter, recoveries and upgrades
 were about 2,400 crores or approximately 25 basis points.
 in the corporate world,
 2,200 girls
 approximately 23 basis points
 Sale of NPA, about 260 crores, approximately two basis points in the quota included in
 in one of the categories above.
 Now, looking at check bonds and restructuring and so on.
 The check-downs rate continues to improve in December across most of the retail products
 and is not only back to pre-pandemic level
 but are also marginally better.
 Further, the early January bounce rate shows continued improvement.
 Similarly, demand resolution at 97-98% for most of the products is back to pre-code level
 and in some cases better than pre-covery levels.
 The better improvement, the improvement in bonds and demand resolution rates at aggregate
 level amongst other things illustrates the overall portfolio quality the restructuring under RBA
 a solution framework
 for COVID-19 as of December end stands at 137 basis points. This is at the borrower level and
 and includes approximately 28 basis points of other facilities
 of the same borrower which are not restricted but included here to give
 based on color on researcher accounts,
 40% are secure with good collateral and with predominant good SIBL score, which we feel is comfortable.
 Of the unsecured portion, approximately two-thirds are salaried customers
 and about 40% are good civil scores more than 700.
 The demand resolution is showing encouraging trends.
 COVID restructuring has been an enabler for our customers to tide over the uncertainty in the last few quarters.
 Initial indicators suggest that most of these customers are now positioned to resume their payment with minimal impact to overall quality of the advances of the bank.
 As mentioned previously, impact of restructuring on our GNP ratio can be 10 to 20 basis points at any given quota.
 we talked about it last quarter
 and mention that.
 The core provisions, the core specific loan loss provisions for a quarter were 1,821 crore
 as against
 and 2,286 pros during the prior process.
 Total provisions reported were 2,994 crores against 3,924 crores during the prior quarter.
 Total provisions in the current quarter included additional contingent provisions of approximately 900 crores.
 the specific provision coverage ratio was at 71 percent there are no
 technical trade talk
 or head office and bank books are fully integrated.
 At the end of current cocker,
 contingent provision towards loans were approximately
 least eight thousand six hundred crores
 The bank's floating provisions remained at 1,400 crores.
 general proportions were at 6,000 rows. Total proportions comprising specific
 floating contingent and general provisions were
 172% of gross non-performing loans.
 This is an addition to security held as collateral in several of the cases.
 looking at through another lens
 floating contingent and general provisions were 1.27% of gross advances as of December
 for rent.
 Now coming to credit cost ratios, the core credit cost ratio, that is the specific loan
 loss ratio is at 57 basis points for the quarter against the 76 basis points for
 prior quarter and 116 basis points on a pro forma basis for prior year recoveries which are recorded
 as miscellaneous income amount to 25 basis points of gross advances for the
 other, I guess.
 23 basis points in the prior quarter.
 Total annualized credit cost for the quarter was at 94 basis points, which includes impact
 of contingent provision of approximately 30 basis points prior year was at 125 basis points prior
 quarter was at hundred and thirty
 business part. Net profit for the
 quarter at 10,342 close grew by 18.1 percent over prior year we'll give you
 some balance sheet items color on some balance sheet items total deposits
 amounting to 14 lakhs 45,918 crore is up
 18.8 percent over prior year.
 this is an additional
 of approximately 40,000 crores in the quarter
 and 1,75,000 crores since prior year.
 detail constituted about 83% of total deposits
 and contributed to the entire deposit growth
 last year. Casa Deposits
 registered at a robust growth of
 24.6% year-on-year, ending the quarter at $6,81,225, with savings account deposits at
 471,000 crores current account deposits at 210,000 crores. Time deposits at 7,64,693 crores
 grew by 5.6% over previous year.
 Time deposits in retail segment grew by 8.3%.
 Time deposit from wholesale segment decreased by 2.8% year-on-year.
 Casa deposits comprise 47% of total deposits as of December end.
 advances where 12,60,863 crores grew by 5.2% sequentially and 16.5% over prior year.
 This is an addition of approximately 62,000 crores during the quarter and 1,79,000 crores since prior year.
 Moving on to CAPAD, which I covered at the beginning,
 totals according to Basel 3
 guidelines, total capital
 I think I'll see it.
 19 and a half percent,
 Tier 1, 18.4%.
 CET at 17.1%
 which I covered previously.
 Now, getting on to some highlights on HDBFS, this will be on Indias basis.
 The total loan book as on December 31 stood at $60,478 growth with a secured loan book
 comprising 74% of the total loan.
 conservative underwriting policies on new customer acquisition which was
 implemented during COVID continues to be in place and will be reviewed in due
 course based on external environment.
 Disbursements are picked up in Q3, growing 9% quarter on quarter and 11% year on year.
 For the quarter, HDB FSL's net revenues were 1,982 crores, a growth of 15%.
 Processions and contingencies for the quarter were at 540 crores, including 97 crores of management overlays against 1024 crores for prior year.
 Profit after tax for the quarter was 304 crores compared to a loss of 146 crores for the prior year quarter and a profit after tax of 192 crores for the sequential quarter.
 As of December end, gross stage 3 stood at 6.05% flat sequential quarter.
 80% of the stage 3 book is secured
 carrying pollution coverage of about 41%
 as I've presented in
 and it's fully collateralized.
 20% of the stage 3 book which is unsecured had a provision coverage of 84%.
 Liquidity coverage ratio was strong at 222%.
 The SDB is funded with the cost of funds of 5.9%.
 Total capital adequacy ratio is at 20.3 with the tier 1 at 14.9.
 With markets opening up and customer accessibility improved to near pre-COVID levels, we believe
 the company is well poised for a healthy growth from here on subject to any impact on further
 waves of COVID. Now if you work on HSL again on India's basis. HSL is just the
 Security is limited with its wide network presence
 of 213 branches and 147 cities and towns.
 The country has shown an increase of 58% year on year in total revenue to 536 crores.
 Net profit after tax of 258 pros in Q3 is an increase of 58% year-on-year.
 HSS digital account opening journeys are running successfully.
 There has been a significant increase in overall client base to 3.4 million customers as of
 in December an increase of 30% over prior year.
 In summary, we have reasonably overcome the effects of pandemic over the past 21 months
 across broad contours of balance sheet P&L and human capital, while the effect of the
 latest COVID wave is not clear, which we'll have to watch out over the next few weeks to see
 they return. We are confident of
 navigating through this, applying our learning from past waves, our growth is
 accelerating, leveraging on our people, product, distribution, and technology.
 The quarter results reflect deposit growth of 14%, advances growth of 16%,
 and the quarter results reflect the results.
 tax increased by 18 percent delivering the return on asset over two percent earnings per share in the
 quarter of 18.7
 book value per share increase in the quarter by
 rupees 19.4 to 415.3
 with that thank you very much
 so that may
 Mary, this is what you do with an app for
 Questions, please.
 Thank you very much.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-answer session.
 Anyone who wishes to ask the question may press star and one on the touchstone telephone.
 If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and 2.
 participants are requested to use handset
 while asking a question.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the questions have assembled.
 The first question is from the line of Maru Kajjania from Ilara Capital.
 Please go ahead.
 Hello, congratulations.
 my first question
 is on credit costs.
 So, it's the total credit cost including contingencies has come below 100 after many quarters, around three years.
 Now, assuming that there is no further COVID wave, is that the new normal we are likely to see over the next few quarters?
 Thank you.
 I hope I can, yeah, use some.
 Excuse me, sir. I'm so sorry to interrupt. May I please request you to speak closer to the phone, sir. Your audio is not clearly audible.
 Okay.
 I'll take it.
 I moved my chair, but it's okay.
 Yeah. Maru, thank you. Yes, valid question and appropriate. Thanks for asking that.
 See, we are coming from a COVID cycle where our booking have been,
 uh from a retail point of view uh have been benign uh second from a wholesale point of
 which we have shown
 very highly rated corporates, right?
 So, we come to the slide.
 through the cycle and now starting
 to begin to get the retail out the recent vintages when we look at the recent vintage performance
 they are far superior
 both the entry-level scores
 and the customer profile in terms of how we opened up and started, they are superior.
 Right.
 And whether this is a new norm, I would not say that this is a new norm, right?
 this is you have to look at credit cost normally over a cycle for a period of
 for a period of a few years you have to look through a cycle and that's how you
 you need to look at it.
 But if you look at our NPA, 1.26 can bounce around at any time, 10 to the basis points up and down.
 two quarters ago, 1.47, now 1.26.
 So it can go up and down within a small range, that's where it can come.
 From a credit cost point of view, well, we are not given a particular outlook as such,
 but we have averaged in the past
 I'll call it 1.2, 1.3, thereabouts.
 that's the kind of range at which the total cost of credit total provisions uh that have
 have come up with. Current quarter is at about
 95.
 that's, they call it a little lower than that, right?
 so in a broad range
 If you think about 100 to 120 kind of a basis point,
 That's where in the last, go back to pre-COVID,
 that's the kind of range
 at which we have operations, right?
 and if the credit costs are lower, then, you know, the way we look at it is, it calls for
 experimenting a few things
 It calls for opening up a policy.
 So there is a policy reaction that comes in, right?
 There is always the pull and pressure between the business and the credit that happens.
 So I wouldn't take that 50 or 60 basis points
 total credit costs or the specific losses or a total cost of 95 basis points as a good
 standard for for a long time to come but this is the current course is where we are.
 Okay, thank you.
 fill in my next
 Wait, Jim is on speed.
 You did mention that payment and credit card-related fees declined.
 but were there any one-off
 some more, I mean, if you could give more
 I love you.
 was there any one-off of big-time promotional expenses
 which won't recur so that we know
 or we can, you know, get a clear outlook on the trajectory in the next few quarters.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Now again, again, a good, quick question.
 good good question thank you see the fees 5 000 or crore that we reported is two percent right
 In the past, we have done pre-COVID, if you think about it,
 before there were waivers and so on and so forth.
 We have done 20-odd percent of sales.
 We have consistently said the way to think about the fees is somewhere where it should
 is mid to high teens kind of places where it can settle, right, normally.
 And again, this quarter, if you think about excluding the payment products, it is at about
 17%.
 Payment products have been unusually low.
 there are a few things on to think about on the payment products
 One, as I alluded to, we offered certain fee waivers to incentivize customer engagement.
 So that's one thing which doesn't need to recur every quarter, but it can happen every
 the other quarter, depending on what programs we run, right?
 but that's part of running the business
 and that's part of growing the franchise, right?
 So that's one thing to think about.
 Second, even from a card's point of view, from a credit, I think I alluded to in terms
 of how customer behavior
 from a late payment point of view, right, is that the customers are paying very much on time.
 So that is reflected there too.
 So the opportunity that we used to get from a late payment doesn't come true.
 The customers used to take cash
 advanced it.
 left is on the lower end.
 So the cycle has to turn a little more on that, and so you'll see some cash advances coming through, right?
 and from a policy point of view
 Until recently, we were tight on the credit limits, right?
 So then there is a credit limit over the credit limit.
 There is some fees that will come.
 that is also lower because from a policy point of view,
 we've been cautious on that, right?
 But as we speak now, the policy review has taken place
 then we are getting to business as usual subject to another wave of what it does and so on.
 So that is one aspect that you think in terms of the impact.
 but then the broader conflicts is required
 in terms of what is the overall, right?
 So if you think about the customers itself, particularly I'm talking about the payment
 products, the card customers, right?
 The credit line utilization is at a low.
 it's like a is like on gate x of the pre-pandemic level so the while the spend levels are up 24
 percent and the interchange is quite robust and good with a good yield that we get on that but the
 But the credit line utilization has got much more to go to get back to the pre-pandemic
 level so that's that's one thing on the people who are spending so the finger
 pay and then if you think about this they are all paying what is happening to
 the revolver types, right, that is also at about 0.7 to 0.8 of the pre-COVID levels in
 terms of the revolving on car. So there's much more room for people to get into those revolver types.
 so that's part of what the strong
 quality of the book that exists today
 and that is part of what
 some of the fees that come
 are also muted
 which are connected to that
 I'll give you another perspective to think about on the cost, on the customer's liquidity.
 it balances you know but most of our card customers you know have liability
 relationships with us, right? We have good amount of liability relationships.
 Card customers contributed almost 4x, this is pre-COVID, right?
 if we exist
 the advantage
 we access the ANR of cards, which is the card loans on both.
 an aggregate level at an aggregate level the liability balances of the card customers were
 typically 4x right now it is 5x so which means customers are sitting in a good
 amount of deposits and liability balances with that. So this is the economy has come down and
 And now with the huge amount of liquidity and cash at disposal with people, now we're
 starting to pick up on growth and so this is part of the cycle growth that we expect that to come
 back to a relationship, right?
 So from a long-term point of view, mid-teens to high-teens is what we have said in the past,
 that's what one should expect from a card fees point of view.
 Thanks.
 But how, in your assessment, how many quarters would it take to reach that long term?
 It depends. It's a combination of both the environment, the economic activity in the environment, and the customer behavior to get on with that.
 Could be two, three, four quarters.
 I would expect that I don't want to
 one check to predict exactly what it is because there's no exact science that tells where it
 this but typically that is what you would see that it takes for a
 a maturity model to operate.
 And similarly, the same thing applies to, if you think about the PPOP, it is very similar, right?
 whether as the loan growth gets back,
 the PPOP should more or less
 mimics the loan growth. That is what historically
 that we have we have shown that is very historically we have performed right that
 That is the kind of what the loan growth is, the headline.
 that's what most of the lines operate tend to be similar as we go along.
 Okay, thanks.
 Thanks a lot.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Alpesh Mehta from IASL Securities.
 Please, please go ahead.
 Hey, thanks. So, thanks for taking my question and congrats on the decent set of partners.
 The first question is about the reconciliation between the on the restructured loads, what
 we see in the notes to accounts that works out to be around 22,000 and 1.37 works out
 to be around 50,000.
 So how do you reconcile both these numbers?
 Okay.
 You're seeing what you said?
 the when i see notes to account
 the total
 the total number works out to be around 18,000 Garums plus there would be a R1 number so
 So both put together is around $25,900.
 Nodes to Accounts also mentions that the double counting between R1 and R2 is around 2700 crores or something like that.
 so the net number works out to be around 23,200 crores
 whereas our commandment shows that it's around 17,200 so that is the
 a gap of this around 6,000 euros.
 Okay, got it.
 I've got your question.
 See, it is based on what the template, right?
 somebody find the template and we fill the template up and put up there, right?
 So that's something different.
 It's a good point that you raised, right?
 25 000 what was there is what did you uh grant as a restructuring in r1 and r2 when you add up that
 That is what it is.
 If you eliminate the double counts, it is like 22,000, right?
 Okay.
 This is originally as granted in several points in time.
 That means whenever it was granted at those point in time, right?
 what was the number. That is what you see there.
 Last September, we reported 18,000 crores, right, last September.
 And currently, we say 1.37, that is 17,500 crores or so approximately.
 So first, the 18,400 to 17,500, the movement, they call that about 900 crores per movement.
 that half of it is moved to NPA
 half of it is a net of
 various recoveries and adjustments.
 So that is part of what, from September to December, things have moved, right?
 But between the 22 to what we reported in September 18,000, that is a net of whatever
 happened before September, which is between what happened to NPA, what happened to various
 recovery is an adjustment around that
 time, right, as we speak in September.
 that's part of
 I think some of you picked up the number of what was originally granted,
 but what was outstanding as of September 18,000
 and now it's 17,500
 okay
 So, Srini, just correct me if I'm wrong.
 If I look at the September disclosure, right,
 these R1 plus R2
 minus the double counting
 as per the notes to accounts
 was around 22,500
 of which there were NPLs and the amount repaid of the R1 amount that you mentioned in the
 needs to have found.
 So that number was around 20,400 whereas as per your disclosure in September was 18,200.
 So the 2000 crores was the difference between the amount which was reported as of September
 and between your result date.
 Is that my understanding correctly?
 Correct. Various other recoveries and other things that came until the reporting date.
 Okay. Okay. And right now also is a similar situation wherein you have not reported the NCS and the repaid amount out of R1 and R2.
 So, as per the notes to account, it could be around 23,200 crores.
 after the recovery, NPLs, everything, and the repayment, etc.,
 because I'm telling you talking about it.
 So this quarter, this quarter notes to account simply calls for, this is again mandated, right?
 calls for reporting only R2
 as originally granted, which is reflecting 18,000 crores or something in the notes.
 18,000 crore is not the outstanding, right?
 it is 17,500 is outstanding so whatever was
 mandated to show in the notes, that's what
 we showed, but both
 when I talked
 and I gave the 1.37, that is the 17,500.
 which is
 R1, R2 whatever is the restructuring outstanding on the balance sheet that is the number that you
 are mentioning that that is correct that is correct okay the second question on the can you just give
 some qualitative comments related to
 the tenure of this book
 you mentioned as one of your comment that 10-20 basis points
 would be shifting to gross NPN at any given point in time.
 but there could be a situation that almost 25-30% of this book
 can sleep over a period of next one year.
 So, when we are talking about 10-20 basis points of that particular quarter or over the tenure of the book.
 So, for example, if it's around 1.37, then out of this 1.37, only 20 business points can sleep into NPL category.
 I just wanted to clarify that number.
 Okay. See, by the way, there is no particular
 science of 10 20 or something this is based on what our analytics comes up to
 say based on what experience
 we have seen based on the customer profile,
 which I alluded to to say, for example, the one that I gave, about 40% are secure, right?
 fully collateralized
 and with a good Sibyl score,
 which we feel very comfortable with, right?
 Then on the unsecured portion, we said about, call it roughly about two-thirds or so salaried
 customers where we feel quite comfortable right and then on the balance
 where we keep watch
 about 40% or so
 a good Sibyl score. Sibyl score more than
 700 also. So based on
 various these kind of analysis
 that's where
 if you said we feel comfortable
 that tend to do business points
 at any particular point in time
 that can be within our tolerable range, right?
 And from a restructuring point of view, generally the restructuring can run up to two years, right?
 And again, if there was one year of a loan left and two years granted, now the person
 has got it for over three years to go.
 Okay, so again, just again clarifying over here is almost 15 to 20% of the book can slip as per your analytics.
 is that the number correct now
 that 10 20 business points is is of 1.37 percent so it's around whatever that
 seven to fifteen percent of the book can be based on your analytics or the customer
 data that you have?
 I don't want to venture into extrapolating the 10-20 basis points into various time periods.
 Yeah, yeah, got it, got it.
 Okay, the second question is related to the credit growth.
 historically we had a multiple
 x-multiple of the system credit growth that we always used to guide about but as just
 an indicated number but now
 So when I see at the system level because of the consolidation in the larger segment
 within the PSU guides.
 the system may be growing at x percent but the private sector banks are growing much faster than
 that and some of our larger peers are also growing at a significantly higher rate than that of the
 the system. How do we
 see our credit growth
 do we still maintain that X percentage that we used to talk about in the past
 or we can have a better opportunities to grow much faster and gain market share.
 secondly
 your comments on the three specific
 products, one is payment products, second
 one is the commercial and rural
 Thank you, which is growing very fast at around almost 30% YOI.
 And lastly, corporate and wholesale banking since we have developed quite a bit of
 credit.
 over the last two years
 and growth is good
 addressing as a shadow of overall
 your mood.
 So, those are my wishes.
 Thank you.
 It's okay. No, thank you.
 long question, but I'll try to be
 as shocked and crisp as possible.
 if you think about the loan growth and the market share
 One thing is that, you know, our loan growth is consistent, right?
 consistently growing including during the COVID period and one has to look at
 it not one quarter two quarters but over a longer period of time
 want us to look at how we are growing rather than the one period so essentially looking at the
 consistency of growth over a longer period for example you can take a two-year growth right a
 longer period and that includes the code period too
 we have grown at 35 percent right let's call it high teams annual that kind of a growth rate that's
 as well.
 similarly you can go back to five years five years period between 2016 to 21 or
 something like that again about two plus a little more than double call it high
 these type of growth that's that's what we have at that time so one has to evaluate uh in the
 the current circumstances
 one also has to evaluate
 there's an incremental
 basis, right?
 what we have grown.
 we believe based on an incremental basis
 we have a share of more than 25% or so on an incremental basis, right,
 from what has happened.
 You know, if you think about it,
 a lot and 79,000 crores in the past 12 months,
 3,25,000 crores in 24 months, right?
 and again
 we focus on appropriate products
 you touched upon, the categories of commercial and rural or wholesale and retail.
 yes at some point in time we did grow a good amount of wholesale there's a good
 demand we were there for the customers to support them in terms of the whole
 very highly rated and now we see a lot of prepayments happening that's about
 700% is what year on year we see
 in the whole state.
 On the commercial and rural, enormous opportunity and very fast-growing.
 you know about a third of the country's GDP is contributed but that kind of a
 That's the segment, right?
 statement.
 participate more vehemently in that group in that segment and we will
 continue to bounce
 on that one on the retail uh we were subdued uh rightfully so from a policy point of view we are
 back and that is what you're seeing in the sequential growth at four and a half percent or so.
 So net-net, coming back to the same summary, which is now one quarter or two quarters doesn't establish what the growth is.
 It's about the consistency of growth and over a period of time.
 and that's how you must look at it in terms of our growth and we will
 continue to capture market share and again in a balanced portfolio across
 secured unsecured in retail, across commercial and rural and wholesale so
 across various product spectrums, customer spectrums.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Akriti Kakkar from Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, thanks.
 Hi, Sweeney. Good evening. Rahul here. A couple of questions. First one on the asset quality bit.
 Just wanted to confirm, was there any new restructuring that we did in this quarter?
 plan that case but then the paydowns and other things that happen so net net it
 is at seventeen thousand five hundred on point three seven thanks the second
 but he's on this,
 Flippages and credit costs, I think Maruk also asked this question, on the credit cost
 also 95 basis point and flippages also are one of the lowest that we've seen the last
 reporters, assuming no pandemic
 impact.
 you think you know this could be a new normal over the next few quarters and
 And then in that context, how do you plan to build up the PCR buffers from here?
 shall we continue to see more and more
 floating so we can come through.
 Okay, this is a good question you touched upon, another aspect of what Maruk also touched upon.
 But, you know, as a bank, we don't need one particular outlook or a forecast in terms
 of how to look at the credit.
 But all I can point you is to historical
 to say that in the recent COVID time period,
 We operated 1.2, 1.3% kind of thing.
 If you go to a little before the COVID period, 100 to 120 basis points, somewhere there we
 operated uh currently including the the contingent provisions about 95 basis points uh but yes over a
 period of time again when you look at it we should revert to that kind of a what was the pre-COVID
 mean, a type of a mean reversion should happen towards there, right?
 and current
 And current quarter is reflective of what we have booked because the recent vintages are
 Call it the 18 months or 15, 18, 21 months
 type of vintages that we have booked across various segments, right, across various segments.
 they are of very good quality
 retail book, you know, is typically
 two years on an average retail book.
 and it is of a very good quality.
 And our innovation lab is working on several things,
 including opening up new to bank, right?
 So that means what previously that we had about, call it 80% of existing to bank a personal
 loan or call it two-thirds to 70% existing
 back-to-bank card loans.
 But now the Innovation Lab is making progress towards using alternative data from the market
 to see how new to bank could be as efficiently scored and pass through the muster on the
 scoring models to get it.
 Yes, I wouldn't I wouldn't ask you to project based on the current quarter,
 but you should think about it from a pre-COVID norm what it is and that's the kind of so your
 second aspect of the question on the on the building of the provisions and so
 on right see our buildup of the contingent provisions goes back several quarters and much
 before the onset of the COVID period, right?
 So, for example, if you look at June 19 or so, when we initiated a build of our contingent
 potions.
 that was the argument of counter-cyclical proportions then, right? At that time, the contingent
 solutions were less than 1,000 crores. Today, it's built up, it's more than 8,500 crores,
 or about 70 basis points of grass advances,
 or 80 basis points, including floating process,
 way, whichever way you look at it, right.
 what it does is that it takes about
 it makes the balance sheet much more resilient for any shocks,
 uncertainty pandemic can bring.
 and what does such
 What should the resiliency do?
 good execution on the front line for our growth, including making several
 experiments in our lab, as I alluded to.
 So that's what we should think about.
 we evaluated quarter to quarter
 There is no pre-planned type of how this runs.
 you take it as a
 comes in a quarter and evaluate it but it changes two more questions the other
 question was on the credit card or the payment product profitability you laid out a few points
 why it was
 distributed this quarter but when you think about the structural profitability of this product and
 also what regulators are thinking
 any thoughts as to how we should think about
 what are the components that would still remain remunerative while the
 components which could witness you know some pressure. You pointed about the
 fee waiver, you know,
 the repayment fee, et cetera, you know, sort of coming down.
 so how should we think about more from a one to two years perspective
 good question
 right
 We will come to that, the regulatory or any other thing that will come to that.
 but from an overall buoyancy point of view,
 See, the first aspect of a card is about the spend,
 and the spend is quite picked up,
 24% or so year-on-year growth rate.
 So that is something that has happened.
 And the next thing, as the spend goes up, the credit line utilization needs to go up.
 As I said, the credit line used to utilization due to the
 spend coming down over a period of the code came down now it needs to go up
 that is still credit line utilization is at about 0.8 of the pre-pandemic levels.
 So that should start to go up by then.
 Along with that gets to the revolving and so on and so forth, everything else that comes, right?
 And from a fee charging point of view, there's various fees.
 The penal type of fees or incentive type of fees or loan origination kind of fees, those
 So those are routine and will happen,
 moves on as the volumes come up, right?
 Any other type of fees that where there can be a regulatory constraint also comes to the cost, right?
 So that means you need to think about not just the fees,
 it's also you need to think about the cost that goes to the field for example
 if there are certain fees that goes up there has to be a certain cost also that
 goes up right and what are the type of costs that can go up you see that there
 there is a balance between what you earn on the fees and what you spend on the expenses,
 call it the rewards call it the cash side call it the sales promotion the marketing promotion they
 some linkages across the PLN right from top to bottom these are the kind of
 linkages one cannot look at only one isolation as a structural change right there's no such
 structural change but if there were to be a structural change one has to look at
 it across all the p in the lines in terms of
 what is discretionary and what supports what right and then accordingly one has to model but from
 from an aggregate sense the card's profitability uh model should remain intact irrespective of
 whatever.
 Last question on the digital strategy.
 you know you even also partnership
 with those two entities.
 So can you just talk about this partnership with Senddice or the entity that you're looking
 about and how does it sort of
 feeds into your digital
 2-0 strategy
 to acquire and retain the customers.
 and also from operating leverage point of view.
 That is the last question.
 Thank you, Shane.
 Okay, thank you.
 So I know this is more of a key question and getting talked about everywhere
 in terms of partnerships
 and how you think about
 and the cost of income and so on and so forth.
 So maybe it's the time I'll take two, three minutes or so to describe, right, how we think
 about it and you can
 see whether it fits in with what you're all thinking, right?
 See, in a bank, you'll have to look at things in three different kind of activity.
 Call it like that, right?
 One is the customer.
 position.
 The second one is the customer servicing.
 and third one is relationship management.
 So this is the continuum of how one engages with the customer at workshop.
 The various fintechs and the partnerships that we are all talking about
 is on the front end there,
 on the customer acquisition side.
 we have several channels for acquisition.
 branch, we have a virtual relationship model, we have a feet on street model, we have a
 physical DSA model right and then now we have a digital marketing model developed
 over the last three years
 based on analytics. And now we have a
 partnership model, let us call it a
 fintech partnership or any other type of partnership that we think about that is
 another model. And we do get, I gave you some time ago in terms of, we got in 2.4
 million liability relationships that's the key ingredient that comes in based
 on which every other product starts to work on that, right?
 and so that is the kind of inflow of customer so you get a little more
 accelerated a customer acquisition at the end of the day you measure the
 effectiveness of that to the better cost of acquisition which is the optimal cost
 of acquisition, that's where it gravitates to.
 If a branch brings in accounts, brings in relationships at a cost that is much better
 than the FinTech or better than a partnership.
 That is where things gravitate to.
 right
 that's part of the cost of acquisition
 That's all you think.
 How do you think about that?
 then certain other uh fintech or a service or a mobile banking feature or various other things
 that go that goes in customer servicing that is enabling customers uh to do things where it can
 can be done on self-service or where it is done through a relationship management, how
 on a straight-through basis, on a paperless basis that we execute.
 That's where you measure that to a cost to income.
 are you at an optimum level
 of cost-to-income where you are able to support the customer's activity in an optimum manner.
 so that that is that that you measure through how we are executing on that aspect of it right
 now on the relationship
 management which is where the most
 of the money, right, which somewhere in the past we have done, we have said, even last
 I think you mentioned it, call it about the third, less than a third, less than 30% of
 or customers provide little more than two-thirds of value
 to the bank, right?
 And 30% of the customers are the ones
 where we have a relationship management.
 So at the end of the day, you can bring in any customers through any channel,
 optimum cost of acquisition
 You service them through digital approach to any way.
 at the end of the day, the value
 It comes through relationship management, right?
 That's why at least in our case we have published that
 and we have talked about this in the past.
 so it is about the relationship management
 that brings them.
 Now, there are certain things in relationship management.
 For example, in the relationship management, we implemented,
 we talked about over the last 12 months
 actually during the course period,
 the analytics-based engagement with the customer,
 or the next best action that we implemented, right?
 in terms of how it rank orders customer preferences
 based on products, behavior, and the intent to purchase,
 that the recommendations that come we have for 20 million customers uh we have recommendations that
 we we have an engagement with mod again it is digitally driven proprietary driven internally
 through analytics technology helps there but the delivery is through relationship management so this
 can't be delivered through a through a mobile banking or an internet banking
 or a FinTech partnership or any other partnership
 or a FinTech partnership or a FinTech partnership
 be delivered, right?
 it gets delivered through because that's where the value
 comes through a relationship
 approach right so that is that is something that the capability is coming from there so that's I
 Probably I'll leave it there.
 have taken a minute or two more than what i said i will do on that hope hope that gives the
 the perspective of how we think about it.
 Yes, yes.
 Thank you so much, Srini.
 will definitely take it offline as well.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Soura from JP Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi. Good evening, Sreeni. So just one question. This is on your net interest margin. So how
 should we think about the progression from here the book mix clearly seems to
 getting better and you know it's
 rates rise, you clearly seem to be in a better position.
 so would you expect
 that the nins should go up from here
 And in that context, you know, your earlier comment that people will grow in line with
 loan growth shouldn't idly this growth be better.
 Thanks.
 Thanks, sir.
 Okay.
 See, Saru, thanks for asking again.
 and very key part of the dynamics in the P&L
 to think about, right?
 historically over a period of three years five ten fifteen right we have seen all
 of those, which you have seen too.
 The bank has operated in a band of, call it 3.94 to 4.45, right?
 4.4, 4.5
 percent. That's the band
 which by the way that is based on average assets not interest running assets because
 I don't want to get confused with the denominator being what it is.
 denominator in this case that I quoted the numbers is average assets because
 There is a process, I think, in the industry about using interest-running assets, but that's
 a different matter.
 Okay, 3.94 to 4.4, 4.5, right?
 the band at which currently we are the low end of the band because the retail products where we see
 much much more of uh yield coming much more of a spread coming and it comes with the higher rwa
 right it comes with a better the higher risk rating
 on those, right?
 that comes there.
 We brought that down, and it's in the mid-40s, and it's starting to take its own licks and start to grow, right?
 So one is that it needs to take its time to grow back to what it was, call it two years ago, right?
 so that's the journey and the journey if you look at the sequential
 uh that you've seen about four and a half percent call it 18 percent or so is the growth on the
 the retail portfolio, right?
 And the next part of that could also be on the retail front itself, the mix of the retail front, right,
 Whether in the current rate scenario, what sort of loans that yield, right?
 it also depends on the segment in which we operate.
 In the recent past, we have had a good growth in retail, this quarter 4.5, last quarter
 also it was for something right so it's going to take a few quarters for that to come back
 uh to life but within that as we came out of code and started to focus on this uh we have five
 categorization for the carpet
 salary segment which where many of our high yield products are targeted to right category a b c d
 right
 And category A, B, C, Cat A, Cat B, Cat C is a kind of a very popular where we have had a good success to start with right now.
 And we should have broad base as we go along with better yield and the rates also going up.
 So that is something to keep in mind that the other aspect of it is also the government
 signal.
 The government segment in our analytics risk analytics model can typically be a low risk relative to the rest and will come in a risk-based pricing model, it will come with a relatively lower yield than the rest.
 So that is something also we have focused and continuing to focus on that also.
 So at the end of the day, it will take a few quarters for this mix of retail and within the mix of retails to be much more broad based across all the segments within the retail that we are talking about to come up.
 So, that is one aspect of what you can think about the NIM coming up.
 The other aspect of the NIM is also about the rates itself, right?
 If you think about the repo rate,
 loans linked to repo rate slightly under a third
 right now, right about 31, 32,
 slightly under one third of our loan book
 is linked to a repo rate and about the little mid single digit or so is linked to tables right and
 and so which is if you go back two three years ago when we were in the mid to
 high end of the titanium range, the
 confidence that that means
 the composition of these two
 we're very meager, right?
 what do you know
 call it
 I wouldn't call it single digit but very low
 it was. So it has moved up
 and now the rate starts to move up
 that is going to give something.
 And, of course, the cost of it, as the rate starts to move up,
 that will have an impact on the cost of funds too.
 But the cost of funds can come with a lot, and savings deposits, not necessarily.
 on the time deposits which can come with a lot, right?
 Okay?
 That's the kind of way you think about it,
 saying one is the rate environment,
 and another
 a mix of retail uh that can come and and bring in that so idly it should move up so that's what i
 I was coming to that if your NIMs tend to move up
 shouldn't your operating profit be better than loan growth
 is the limited point I was trying to get at.
 See, Saurabh, it's a good point that you say, right?
 But from at least my point of view, my perspective, I will tell you that you need to be continuously investing, right?
 and when you make those continuous investments
 then that is where you get to the long term.
 So in a static book, what you say is right, right?
 If you look at it in the short term, say, hey, don't make any other change.
 Just allow these two changes change the mix on the loan and change the segment to between between
 in retail, get to a higher yield segment and should that be, yes it will be, but you know
 that this is not a unidimensional model, right?
 It should be a dynamic model where you invest for the future.
 that's why i alluded to in my in my opening remarks that about the branch investment
 about the people investments about the technology investment we need to do that for the future you
 You don't see a return on it today.
 you will see the return on it in a couple of years time, right?
 because the branch maturity model takes anywhere from two to three years
 to be in a reasonable state
 and between five to ten years to get to be a robust state, right?
 same with people productivity and so you need to make those continuous investments on those
 And so that is why the one that I mentioned that the three
 Provision Operating Profit or BPOP mimicking kind of a lending growth rate.
 that's how historically we have been
 because continuously we have added branches.
 So if you think about, you know,
 last 5-10 years we've added
 two thousand six hundred branches in the last five to ten years in the last one to three years we've
 provided 1100 branches right and so that these are the kind of investments
 continuously we do to model so that it is dynamically maintained for a longer
 will come to come.
 Thank you, Srini.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Suresh Kanpati from Macquarie.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, hi.
 Shrini, I have a question on the fees for the payments products in the sense that are you seeing pressure on interchange fees?
 Are the MDR levels coming down?
 You know, the reason why I'm asking this question is that, first, of course,
 You can just tell us what has been the experience.
 And secondly, from the new digital payments paper, I know it's always difficult to second
 guess what the regulator is thinking, but you really think there can be further reductions
 with respect to MDRs
 on debit cards?
 can there be something on credit cards
 can UPI be monetizable
 I'm just asking all these questions because everything has got to do with the payment-related fees.
 So if the regulator is thinking only in one direction,
 that's to bring down the transaction cost,
 then this is not going to be one sort of phenomenon
 and you're going to be prepared for subsequent several quarters.
 So how is the management thinking about taking care of some of the regulatory challenges here?
 Thanks so much, Sreeni.
 yeah thank you thank you Suresh and it's indeed important to address it and think about and say
 say about what we think, right?
 There are two aspects to this.
 One is the experience itself in terms of what we see on the interchange or the MDR.
 There has been no pressure on interchange or MDR from a rate point of view, right?
 it has been quite
 quite steady and quite nice so that is that is something from from our recent experience that
 has not been inhibiting our kind of a free line. The rate is quite all right.
 now now when the MDR will address that because it is easy to address will come
 interchange see MDR we don't make on a net basis we don't make much we don't
 make anything on India for that matter that means if it is an internal customer
 that means we have an issuing card
 All right.
 I'm glad you're here.
 business pays
 interchange to the issuing card right so and if it is a third party card office
 card our our mdr business pays into change to a third party uh issuer right so mdr business as
 such is pretty neutral but we still very very vehemently pursue when we are
 a relationship
 or merchant relationship 2.8
 in eight by million
 and continuously grow that because of the
 the sandwich strategy
 which is along with that comes the liability and comes the asset value right
 which we liability we've already started and assets we are working on
 various models and we have come to a reasonable value there. We still have to do a lot to grow
 there but that part of that strategy so that India as such there is nothing to
 take it away on India because there's nothing there to take it away so that's
 one. Now coming to the interchange
 It is being held steady.
 If there is any other pressure on interchange, Suresh has alluded to a little earlier in
 in some other context of the question,
 which is, see, interchange and isolation,
 perhaps should not be looked at
 Interchange should be looked at in the context of what is the reward that is offered on the card.
 right what are the reward cost of the reward points cost of the cashback
 points that are cashback cost which is there cost of the sales and promotion
 marketing type of costs that are there, right?
 So when you draw a P&L only on the tail, so that means keep the revolvers to the side.
 keep those people who do the cash advances
 and who do the limit announcements
 or spend more than the limits
 and who habitually pay late and keep them to the side right and it's a pure pure transactions if
 you see and you draw a handle on the time factor, it is like that MDR sandwich strategy.
 You keep that.
 It's not a ringer.
 because you've got a float on the liability side
 with the customer and you're able to do
 that can be on the asset side of the customer.
 So, if they interchange for any reason, right, which you can't predict, but if any reason,
 the rest to move up or down
 Then you get the other liver on the pain that will get operated
 right which is then you look at rewards and you look at your cash pack then you
 look at your marketing and sales promotion and so you look at all of those and try to manage the P&L
 to properly.
 Okay. Okay. Thanks.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Vedianathan for closing comments.
 Oh, okay. Thank you, Janet.
 Thanks to all the participants for dialing in today.
 We appreciate your engagement.
 and if you do have anything more
 that we could help you
 from your understanding
 of Ajit Chetty
 and our investor relations will be available to talk at some point in time in the future.
 Please stay in touch with us.
 Thank you.
 on behalf of HDST Bank Limited
 that concludes this conference.
 thank you all for joining
 You may now disconnect your lines.