 Good day and welcome to the Texas Instruments Q3-2021 Earnings Release Conference Call.
 Today's conference is being recorded.
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Dave Paul.
 Please go ahead.
 Good afternoon and thank you for joining our third quarter 2021 earnings conference call for any of you who missed the release
 you can find it on our website at ti.com slash IR.
 This call is being broadcast live over the web
 and can be accessed through our website.
 A replay will be available through the web.
 This call will include forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties that
 That could cause TI's results to differ materially from management's current expectations.
 We encourage you to consider this as an example of how you can do this in the future.
 I encourage you to review the notice regarding forward-looking statements contained in the
 earnings release published today, as well as TI's most recent SEC filings for a more
 complete description.
 Our chief...
 financial officer Rafael Lizardi is with me today and we'll provide the following updates.
 I'll start with a quick overview of the quarter.
 Next, I'll provide insight into third quarter revenue results with some details of what
 We're seeing in respect to the customers and markets.
 and I'll also provide details by end market,
 including some sequential performance,
 as we have the last few quarters.
 As sequential data begins to be less insightful,
 will move back to reporting only year over year
 per our normal practice.
 And lastly, Rafael will cover the financial results.
 an update of our capacity expansion plans,
 and our guidance for fourth quarter, 2021.
 Starting with a quick overview of the quarter.
 The revenue in the quarter was $4.6 billion, an increase of 1% sequentially and 22% year-over-year,
 driven by demand in industrial, automotive, and personal electronics.
 on a sequential basis.
 Analog group 2% and embedded processing declined 5%.
 On a year-over-year basis, analog revenue grew 24 percent and embedded processing grew 13 percent.
 Our other segment grew 19% from the year ago quarter.
 Now let me comment on the current environment to provide some context of what we're seeing
 with our customers and markets.
 Overall, the quarter came in generally, as we expected, across product segments and markets and geographies.
 Lead times for the majority of our products remain stable, but hot spots continue to exist.
 However, customers are becoming more selective in their expedite requests, focusing on products
 that complete a matched set rather than expediting products across the board.
 This behavior is not specific to any product family and market or geography.
 Discussions with customers confirm a high-level interest in our commitment to
 expanding our internal manufacturing capacity roadmap, including 300 millimeter
 way for FABs, RFAB-2 and Lehigh are what we call LFAB and the associated assembly
 test expansions.
 these investments to strengthen our manufacturing and technology
 competitive advantage will provide lower costs and greater control of our supply chain.
 And while there is a growing recognition that the near-term supply-demand imbalance will
 and at some point, the secular growth of semiconductor content per system will continue
 to grow, and this requires a robust manufacturing capacity roadmap for 2025 and beyond.
 Moving on, I'll provide some insight into our third quarter revenue by end market.
 First, the industrial market was down mid-single digits sequentially and up about 40 percent
 from the year ago.
 The changes, both sequentially and from the year ago, were generally consistent across
 the diverse set of sectors.
 The automotive market, again, grew sequentially and was up more than 20% from the year ago.
 When comparing to pre-pandemic levels of Q4 2019, revenue is up almost 30%.
 Personal electronics grew low double digits sequentially and was up low double digits compared to a year ago.
 The strength, sequentially, and the year ago was due to mobile phones, PC notebooks, and
 tablets.
 Next, communications equipment was down mid-single digits sequentially and was down upper teens
 from a year ago. Enterprise systems grew sequentially and from the year ago quarter. Rafael will
 We'll now review profitability, capital management, and our outlook.
 Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone.
 As Dave mentioned, third quarter revenue was $4.6 billion, up 22% from a year ago.
 Most profit in the quarter was $3.2 billion, or 68% of revenue.
 a year ago, gross profit margin increased 360 basis points.
 Operating expenses in the quarter were $800 million, up one person from a year ago and about as expected.
 On a trailing 12-month basis, operating expenses were 18% of revenue.
 Over the last 12 months, we have invested $1.6 billion in R&D.
 Acquisition charges and non-cash expense were $47 million in the third quarter
 and we'll go to zero, beginning in fourth quarter of 2021.
 Operating profit was $2.3 billion in the quarter, or 50% of revenue.
 profit was up 43% from the year ago quarter.
 That income in the third quarter was $1.9 billion or $2.07 per share.
 Let me now comment on our capital management results, starting with our cash generation.
 cash flow from operations was $2.4 billion in the quarter.
 capital expenditures were $486 million in the quarter.
 Free cash flow on a trailing 12-month basis was $7.1 billion.
 In September, we announced we would increase our dividend by 13% effective this month marking
 in our 18th consecutive year of dividend increases.
 In the quarter, we paid $942 million in dividends
 and repurchase $139 million of our stock.
 In total, we have returned $4.2 billion in the past 12 months.
 Over the same period, our dividend represented 53 percent of free cash flow, underscoring
 its sustainability.
 Our balance sheet remains strong with $9.8 billion of cash and short-term investments
 at the end of the third quarter.
 In the quarter, we've issued $1.5 billion of debt
 in three tranches of $500 million each.
 The first has a coupon of 1.125%, which is due in five years.
 The second, a 1.9% due in 10 years.
 and the last, a 2.7% during 30 years.
 This resulted in total debt of $7.8 billion.
 with a weighted average coupon of 2.6%.
 Regarding inventory, the inventory dollars were up $7 million from the prior quarter,
 days were 112.
 up one day sequentially but still below desired levels.
 For the fourth quarter, we expect TID revenue in the range of $4.22 to $4.58 billion and
 earnings per share to be in the range of $1.83 to $2.07.
 The LIHA acquisition closed last Friday, but the costs are not included in our guidance.
 We will provide those details when we report fourth quarter
 results.
 Just as I remind you, this is the end of this video.
 The purchase price was about $900 million, and we expect ongoing cost of about $75 million per quarter through 2022.
 We continue to expect to see a significant increase in the number of people in the country.
 respect our annual operating tax rate for 2021 to be about 14 percent and our effective
 tax rate to be about 13%.
 Once you are looking at your models for 2022 without any changes to tax law, we would expect
 are annual operating and effective tax rates to remain about what they are this year.
 a similar quarterly profile of discrete tax benefits that are higher in the first quarter
 compared to the rest of the year.
 In closing, we continue to invest to strengthen our competitive advantages and in making our
 our business stronger.
 investments in our long-term roadmap for capacity expansion, both in L-Fab and R-Fab 2, are
 great examples.
 As a reminder, our CAPEX will be higher on an absolute level, as well as a percentage
 of revenue as we strengthen this advantage.
 We are working through detailed plans of our long-term roadmap and will have specifics
 of timing and cap expending in our capital management goal in February.
 We continue to believe owning and controlling our supply chain will be of growing strategic
 importance. With that, let me turn it back to Dave. Thanks Rafael. Operator, you can now open
 the lines up for questions. In order to provide as many of you as possible an
 an opportunity to ask a question.
 Please limit yourself to a single question.
 After our response, we'll provide you an opportunity
 for an additional follow-up.
 operator.
 Thank you.
 If you would like to ask a question, please signal by pressing star one on your telephone
 keypad and if you're on speakerphone please make sure your mute function is
 turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment.
 Again, press star 1 to ask a question.
 We'll pause just a moment.
 to everyone an opportunity to sign up for questions.
 And we will go first to John Pitzer of Credit Suisse.
 Yeah, good afternoon, guys.
 Thanks for the best question.
 Dave, I know in this sort of environment,
 seasonality doesn't make a lot of sense but when you look at the September
 quarter.
 I'm just kind of curious that the June quarter came in well above your guidance rain September
 was well above the midpoint, but still within the guidance range.
 We're hearing the logistical constraints and supply constraints across the economy.
 I'm kind of...
 really curious when you look at sort of the lower level of upside in the September quarter
 versus the June quarter.
 To what extent might have there been supply constraints outside of your control?
 So what extent do you think it's customers just being more selective about what they're
 pulling from you, any color there would be helpful.
 Sure John and thanks for the question. Yeah, I really think it depends on the customers the bill of material
 I think that there are supply constraints that are widely reported across the different
 components.
 And as we mentioned in our prepared remarks,
 the behavior that we're seeing that's different,
 Our customers are showing up and requesting, you know, we have meetings with them rather
 than showing up with long lists of devices that they're asking us to expedite, they're
 really just short list. So they're looking for, you know, particular parts that complete
 those match sets so that they can complete those builds for them.
 So it is a different behavior that we're seeing
 this quarter versus the prior quarters.
 So, you want to follow on?
 Yeah, just in the following, I know you're going to give us more color about ELFAB expenses
 and all that stuff.
 our fabs expenses as we get into next year.
 but I'm wondering if you could just help us
 set the stage a little bit.
 next year is obviously going to be kind of a capacity buildout year for you.
 And I guess all else being equal, how should we think about the gross margin impact on
 on calendar year 22 as you layer in these investments.
 Yeah, I'll take that one.
 First, you know, as you know, you've known us for a long time.
 We don't manage the business to gross margins.
 We manage for the long-term growth of free cash flow per share.
 That starts with driving the top line.
 And that's why we're making these investments, right?
 to support revenue growth.
 And as we do that, it's extending our low-cost manufacturing
 advantage that gives us the great structural cost advantage with 300
 millimeter.
 into that, we're controlling the supply chain.
 And specifically on your question, you know, take R5-2, all in, that's about a six billion
 $15 expense, about a billion of that is the building which depreciates over 30 years or
 So the balance of the rest is equipment and we're going to be putting in that
 equipment starting next year and over the coming years.
 LFAB, obviously a 900 million purchase price, and some of that is building, some of that
 equipment and then on top of that we'll put about $3 billion of capex over a
 number of years as we ramp that up.
 So, we'll give you additional details on that and the bigger, longer-term picture of how
 how we're going to support the longer-term growth, we'll give you those details in February
 at the capital management call.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you, John, and we'll go to the next caller, please.
 And we'll go next to Timothy Arcari of UBS.
 Hi, thanks.
 Rafael, I was wondering if you could talk about pricing.
 Obviously, you're seeing some increases in your input costs.
 Can you talk about whether you're passing those on
 to customers and sort of how you pick with this,
 you know, price increases on, you know, your side might be.
 Yeah, what I would tell you, you know, our strategy in pricing has not changed.
 We regularly monitor that and our goal is to be competitive and it's really frankly
 independent of the of the input and the input cost to the large to the the largest degree
 but our goal is to be competitive and if prices move higher we adjust those over
 done and we have been adjusting those over time.
 You have follow-up, Tim?
 I did, Dave. Thanks.
 I guess I'll ask the same question that I've asked the last, I think, three calls about
 share repo. It was pretty low again. I guess, is there a sort of, can you help us think
 through maybe what the triggers might be for you
 to start to buy back more stock.
 Is there a target cash level where maybe you'd say that the balance sheet is getting a little
 bit overcapitalized and you'd start to buy back more stock, I'm just kind of, you know,
 Obviously, you're not buying back much, but I'm just kind of wondering if you can talk
 us through what triggers you might be looking for to start that. Back again, thanks.
 Yeah.
 You know, stepping back and just to remind everybody how we think about returns are
 Our objective is to return all free cash flow to the owners of the company over the long
 term.
 I'll see you next time.
 and buy bag.
 You look at our 18-year history on that, and it's really consistent.
 In fact, we've many years, most years, we've averaged well over 100% of return during that
 time we have, I would remind you, we have increased the proportion of the return that
 comes into dividends so that also plays into that but you know as long as we
 think the buybacks that are creative to long-term owners we're gonna have some
 And as you have seen, as you pointed out, the last three quarters, we have, in fact,
 they...
 I don't think there's been a single quarter
 in the last 18 years or so that we have not purchased a return cash to the owners through
 to buy back in one form or another.
 Okay, thank you, Tim, and we'll go to the next caller, please.
 We'll go next to Harlan Sauer of J.P. Morgan.
 Good afternoon.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 I'm on finished goods inventory, most of which I assume is sitting at customer consignment
 hubs.
 This has come down-
 faster than overall inventory is right.
 Goods dropped 8% sequentially in Q3, dropped 9% in Q2, they're down 25% from the beginning
 of this year and down 33% pre-COVID-19 I assume due to the strong demand profile from your direct
 customers.
 So, how far below normal are consignment inventories relative to your customer's target levels?
 And is part of the muted Q4L look to replenish these very low inventories or does the man
 profile, blog, and forecast actually reflect a sequential decline here in the
 Yeah, so I'll start, and Dave, you want to chime in after that, but I think where you're
 going with that...
 Let me maybe step back.
 Yeah, obviously inventory levels are below these R levels, right?
 We're at 112 days.
 Our target is 130 to 190 days, so clearly we're well below where we want to be.
 And inside of that, as you pointed out, finished goods, all finished goods, whether it comes
 Simon or our product distribution centers are the ones that are decreasing most.
 In fact, even though inventory, total inventory level stayed above flat, slightly up, second
 the third quarter, finished goods decreased, and then WIP and raw materials increased a
 a little bit to offset that.
 So, you know, our goal as soon as capacity increases
 So there's an adjustment in demand.
 We will build those inventory levels back up
 to be at a more healthy level.
 And given our business model, it's just a great bet, just given the low ups of lessons
 of our inventory, the diversity of positions, the diversity of products that we can afford,
 Not only are we gonna afford it,
 It makes sense for us to build that inventory, have it ready for the secular growth that
 …
 that we're confident will happen beyond that.
 And I think maybe tactical where you are going on consignment inventory, frankly, those tend
 And to be pretty lean to begin with, that's how that process is designed to just keep
 a couple of weeks, so I wouldn't expect that by itself to build significantly purely
 consignment where I would expect the bill to happen if more of our product distribution
 centers.
 And that gives us more flexibility to then ship where the demand is most needed.
 Yeah.
 Do you have...
 Yeah.
 I think that's well said.
 And I think it's just tactically where we, whether we keep it in our hubs where we would
 prefer it or, you know, if we push it out to a consignment center that will just be
 reflective of our expectation that a customer will pull it so that's just a
 a tactical decision.
 I'd also point out that, as you said, Rafael, we do plan to bring on more capacity incrementally
 as we have each quarter through this year and through the middle of next year and in
 And the back half of 2022, RFAB-2 will come online, and then that will be followed by
 by Elfab, Spencer's Raphael pointed out.
 We did close on that factory on Friday of last week, and so that is on target to come
 online in early 2023 to support growth in the future.
 So did you have a power, Harlan?
 Yeah, thanks, I appreciate the insightful answer.
 So exiting last year, the direct business
 would.
 includes consignment.
 That was about 65% of revenues.
 Where does that mix roughly sit today?
 And did the team drive a positive book-to-book ratio
 if you could maybe quantify?
 So on the book to bill we we don't think that's that's relevant frankly and Matthew
 haven't disclosed that in a while, and we're not disclosing that anymore.
 On your first question, I think you asked percent of our revenue from consignment, right?
 I didn't quite...
 That's the first part.
 Yes, Garden.
 Just repeat it so we make sure we got it right, but you're asking the first question.
 Arvin, are you there?
 Yeah, I think
 What is this?
 Oh, direct business.
 Yeah, so we left last year with about two-thirds of our revenues direct, so we expected that
 percentage will increase over time, you know, we'll provide an update of what
 what we've done with that this year in our February call.
 a cat management call in February of actually what that looks like.
 But just to say over time that we do expect that that will move up, you know, slightly
 over time.
 So, and just the other color with Rafael talking about book the bill, as we've got a lot of
 our revenue on consignment, we've got ti.com, you know, the actual backlog isn't quite
 as meaningful as what it used to be.
 So as he said, it's just not a number that we look at
 measure or we've talked about in some time, so it isn't quite as helpful as what it used to be.
 So, thank you, Harlan, and we'll go to the next caller, please.
 And we'll go next to Stacey Raskin of Bernstein Research.
 Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions for the first one. I wanted to ask you about the near term micron impact
 I know you said $75 million in cost impact in the model next year.
 Let's go.
 Don't go away, right?
 That's $75 million a quarter is people, correct?
 and doesn't include duplicates or anything else,
 because people don't have to think about that,
 like what that incremental cost long term.
 Very good.
 is a good direct question.
 So yes, that $75 million is mainly people and direct costs, not depreciation.
 Depreciation will not start until about first quarter of 23 when we start a production just
 the way the rules work on that front.
 and that seventy five million
 that might, we're still working through the details,
 but we currently believe that,
 The most likely scenario is that most of that cost will go through the restructuring charges
 slash other line, until we start production, right?
 And then at that point, the majority of the cost would go to the COR line.
 Now...
 And the cost actually do increase over time as we increase production, right?
 I think where you're going is that as that happens,
 and those costs are then absorbed by revenue, right?
 Now, how quickly those are absorbed beyond the utilization, et cetera, that just depends
 how quickly we've ramped that factory, right, you know, clearly, at the beginning, they'll
 there won't be 100% absorption and we'll get to that at some point.
 But we'll, you know, we're not going to, you know, that's, that's in 2023.
 So we'll get to that at some point to give you to give you some details and and in February the capital management call
 So I think we'll frame it, kind of the bigger picture of that along with our other capex
 investments and you get a better sense of how that's going to play out.
 If I want space
 And it looks like Stacy has disconnected
 Okay.
 All right.
 Okay.
 If you have a follow-on, let us know.
 Stacy, we'll go to the next caller, please.
 And we'll go next to Ross Seymour of Deutsche Bank.
 Thanks for letting me ask you a question.
 Dave and Raphael, I want to talk about the corgi reported and get into some of the supplied
 demand dynamics it was the smallest beat to your original revenue guidance you
 you guys have had in a year and I realize that it's been exceedingly volatile in the
 last year, but I wondered, was that the demand profile changing from those investors that
 selectivity changing that you're talking about, or did supply play a role in that where you
 You just couldn't meet up to the demand.
 Just trying to get what really changed versus whatever level of conservatism you had built
 into the prior quarters when you beat by bigger deltas?
 Yeah, I think you said demand from investors.
 I think you meant to say demand from customers, right, Ron?
 Yes, sorry about that.
 Yeah, yeah, no, that's okay.
 Certainly, if any investors want to buy semiconductors from us, we'll be happy to sell them.
 But yeah, so I just say that overall, the quarter came in as we expected it to, right?
 And that's a statement, you know, as we said, in the prepared remarks,
 And we looked across geographies and products and product groups.
 and markets, you know, those types of cuts.
 So there wasn't like one area that was underperformed or outperformed what we were expecting.
 But, again, the main thing of what was different this quarter versus the last quarter was really
 where customers were coming in and requesting expedites and upsides from us.
 And those upsides were much, much more narrow and focused just on a few products.
 So that was really what the difference was.
 if you're looking for, you know,
 what was different this quarter versus last quarter
 and those types of things.
 That's what I would point to to say what's changed in the last 90 days.
 Thanks for the help on that. And I guess this is my follow-up, a similarly toned question.
 You mentioned that lead times remain extended but are stable,
 and then you talked about that whole selectivity dynamic.
 What would you imagine would change the lead times?
 Is it going to be your supply incrementally rising or more so with Lehigh?
 Is the selectivity something, as you guys look back in our students of cycles, is the
 the demand side and that selectivity side more likely to impact the lead times going
 forward?
 Well, it is.
 Well, as you know, you've been through many cycles with us, right?
 it's always a combination of both.
 And, you know, we will and continue to add the incremental capacity as we have planned
 for, you know, some time.
 and certainly as we go out in time
 as we get the bigger tranches of capacity coming on
 with our FAB-2 and then LFAB,
 we'll be able to make more progress on that front.
 And at some point, you know, we know that, you know,
 things will change from a demand standpoint.
 And so we don't spend time trying to predict that,
 but we'll be ready for it.
 We know what we'll want to do, and, you know, Rafael talked about, but, you know, one of
 the top things there is we'll want to rebuild inventory to prepare for the next time that
 the demand strengthens.
 So we have a long list of things that we're doing to invest in the company to make it
 stronger so you know we won't control the timing of that but but we'll be ready
 ready for and just to emphasize that point right when that adjustment happens
 whenever that is, we will continue investing in R&D focused on the area
 the auto and industrial for the secular long-term growth will continue to invest on CAPEX to
 to set up the company for an extent of 15 years
 a great long-term roadmap and we will build inventory that's what as Dave
 mentioned their range is 130 to 190 days frankly will probably end up being at
 the higher end of that range just because we feel so good about the business model and
 how good that inventory will be and how it sets us up for the next upturn on the other side given the
 the long-lived nature of that in the door.
 That's right.
 OK.
 Thank you, Ross, and we'll go to the next caller, please.
 We'll go next to the Bank of America.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 I just want to get the supply side right.
 are customers not ordering as much from you
 because they don't have enough from you on the component side,
 they don't have enough from others that they need to complete their bill of
 materials.
 It's both the fact you know there's there there are instances of both of those
 And sometimes it's not even semiconductors, right?
 It may be other components that they may be missing.
 So, yeah, it's a combination of those things, you know, supply chains are complex depends
 on the bill of materials and the systems that they're building.
 So it depends.
 Yeah.
 And the new ones change.
 changes, you know, 90 days ago, 180 days ago, they were exploiting everything.
 almost almost regardless of
 of matched set position.
 And now they're more selective in what they're expediting, right?
 Mm-hmm.
 Let's follow on to that.
 Yes.
 Thank you.
 If you talk specifically to the automotive market, you know, this year it's clear the
 production has not been that strong, but auto semiconductor sales have been pretty strong.
 So as it applies to TI, what do you think
 has been kind of the interplay between content and mix,
 or do you think that there is perhaps inventory stuck
 in the automotive supply chain somewhere
 that we should watch out for.
 Yeah, I you know I'll comment on automotive. I think I'll even extend it into industrial and
 and those are two markets that we have long talked about
 that we believe that there is content growth
 in those markets, content per system,
 It's easy to see in cars.
 and well reported on.
 I know, Vick, in your reports that you've reported on that,
 the content growth, you can see it in automotive.
 that's happening in an industrial across 13 different sectors,
 harder to see and you know we invest in all the markets but we have a strategic
 focused on automotive and industrial so you're beginning to see some of the
 benefits of those that strategic bias that we have, our channel advantages, the
 breadth of our products advantages in those markets as well.
 So there's components of that, but that said, any time that we have supply shortages in
 in the industry, customer behavior is always very consistent.
 And that behavior is that they will
 want to build inventory to protect themselves.
 So, you know, whether they've already begun that
 or have already done that, they certainly will want to do that.
 And at some point, they'll have too much product.
 and that's what creates the cycles in our industry.
 So, you know, it won't surprise us if the cycle, you know,
 comes to an end at some point, we'll be prepared for that
 and we'll know what we'll want to do at that point.
 So thank you for those questions,
 And we'll go to the next caller, please.
 We'll go to Joe Moore of Morgan Stanley.
 Great, thank you.
 I wonder if you could talk to the hotspots.
 Is there any particular pattern that's driving which products you have in short supply of
 And it seems like, you know, we see it most in areas
 like enterprise and some of the personal electronics, you know,
 higher volume stuff, is that something that you guys would agree with and do you think
 it is it you know is there more foundry versus internal fads like is there anything that
 particular driving those hotspots.
 Yeah, I wouldn't put it down on any one thing, Joe.
 And certainly, you know, there's reports of the tightness across boundaries, so obviously
 we see that as well. So, there's tightness in some lead frames. So, you know, we see
 see that as well.
 other input, you know, raw materials, mold pound pounds, we have, you know, testers in
 some cases, some process technologies, some particular products themselves that have a
 large number of customers.
 So, in those hotspots move around is our operations themes will sometimes move capacity from one
 area to the other, so they're not always consistent or persistent.
 Sometimes they are, but sometimes they're not, and there's things that we can do to
 ...
 to mitigate those or actually completely alleviate them.
 So, and that's why as we describe them, you know, it's not just one particular product
 area or one particular product set that even one particular market or even I'd say even
 particular customer that would be impacted by that, that you may say.
 And just to...
 To highlight something for new listeners, they mentioned the foundry is only about 20%
 of our wafers come from foundries.
 The vast majority, 80% and growing with our investments in 300 millimeter are internal
 wafers and that just gives us a much better control of our destiny and for
 all the reasons they mentioned, and then the local structural
 low cost that we get with 300 millimeter.
 Yeah, I think that makes it especially clear why we believe that continues to be a strategic
 you can advantage for sometimes like this.
 So you have a follow on it, Joe?
 Yeah, I wonder also, with the hotspots,
 There's a situation where you can't respond to upside in demand and that's why it's tight
 or are there actual areas where, you know, I know there's always a little bit of this,
 but on a broad scale where you're not meeting kind of commitments that you had made because
 of some of those things that are upstream from you?
 I think there's a lot of things that are upstream from you.
 There's probably both of those that exist.
 I mean, at 112 days of inventory, it is harder to respond to upsides than if we were at,
 You know, 150, 160, 190 days, of course, so, yeah.
 Yep.
 sure.
 Okay, well, thank you, Joe.
 We'll go to the next caller, please.
 And our next question comes from Christine Lee of Citi.
 Oh, hey, thanks, guys.
 So Dave Raphael, you mentioned that the lead times
 haven't really changed, but the expedites are getting better or less bad.
 How do you think that is?
 Do you think that your competitors are reducing lead times?
 think that the supply chain has had a little bit of a chance to build some buffer inventory,
 How do you think the situation is getting, I guess, either better or less bad?
 Yeah.
 Chris, I think that's a great question.
 I don't know that we know the answer specifically to that question, so I think we're trying
 to stick to the facts of, we can observe that behavior change.
 I think you're offering some good theories of why that behavior may be changing.
 But, you know, what we're trying to do is to stick to the facts of what's going on.
 There's, you know, multiple reasons why it might be changing and we'd rather not venture
 into, you know, guessing or predicting or, you know, calling, you know, what's driving
 that behavior.
 So, you have a follow-on?
 Yeah, I guess you can leave the guessing and predicting up to a cell ciders
 Since you guys don't talk about gross margin, but you do talk about free cash flow margin,
 margin.
 I think you're at an all-time high in free cash flow margin in Q3.
 And it looks like there's some headwinds coming down the pike in the, I guess, near-to-medium
 Is there any reason for us to believe that, you know,
 You know, you've seen your all-time peak in free cash flow margin, or eventually could
 to get back above where it was in the most recent quarter.
 First, I'll take that, Chris, and Chris, you know us very well.
 You follow us for a long time.
 You know we do not manage to free cash flow margin percent, right?
 is not what drives a long-term value for the owners,
 is the long-term growth of free cash flow dollars, right?
 And to your point, there are some headwinds on that
 with the CAPEX that we're talking about
 to serve the company well for the future.
 But of course, we're only doing that
 because we think that it's gonna drive even faster.
 growth of the long-term trend of free cash flow dollars.
 So we'll continue to focus on that because we
 think that is that is what drives the value for the long-term owners okay
 Okay, thank you, Chris.
 we've got time for one more call.
 And we'll go to Lori Sandberg as well.
 Yes, thank you for squeezing me and as far as the question on controlling the supply chain you talked about 80% outsourced now
 Now, I believe that's kind of the more advanced nodes, but should we assume that there's
 a way to do that?
 that 80% is just going to grow and that you're going to rely less and less on founders going
 forward.
 Yes, I use the
 We have 80 outsourced, it's 80 insourced, just to make sure.
 80 percent.
 All right, Rafael.
 Thanks.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, so 80 80 percent our own wafers and
 Yeah, that should grow over time as we continue to add this way for fabs that we're talking
 about all on 300 millimeter which with you know the efficiency of 300 millimeter is huge
 right, because a 300-millimeter wafer accounts for almost 2.3 times a 200-millimeter wafer.
 And these are pretty large wafers for efficiency purposes.
 In fact, R5-2 is going to be bigger than R5-1.
 So, yeah, it's reasonable to deduce that that percent
 will increase over time.
 Very good and as a follow-up and and I don't want to steal your thunder from February
 but in the past you've talked about capacity of 22 billion dollars obviously you're going to go
 go through capacity expansion here for the next 12, 18 months, would you share any new
 Any numbers with those?
 25, 28, anything at all?
 Yeah, no, it's a great question.
 Thanks for the setup for February.
 We will talk about that in February.
 So, until then, what I would tell you is, you know,
 You've heard us talk about Demostix and RF5-1, roughly,
 That's a potential of about $8 billion of annual revenue
 on 300 millimeter, then R5-2, and this is all dependent.
 highly dependent on mix, right?
 So these are not exact numbers, but R5-2, with that caveat,
 R5-2 should add another $5 billion of annual revenue,
 Again, when it's full-week web, right?
 and obviously not on day one.
 And Lehigh should add three to four billion
 of annual revenue.
 So, you know, we're thinking in terms of that,
 We're thinking even beyond that, right?
 because as we look at the company's potential for growth
 into the next 10 and 15 years, then we're not stopping,
 and just thinking in the next four or five years,
 I think in 10, 15 years.
 And we'll talk about that in February in more detail.
 That's great.
 And I think we can go ahead and wrap up Rafael, see you.
 Bye.
 Okay, so let me wrap up by rate rating.
 what we have said previously.
 at our core, we're engineers, and technologies
 foundation of our company, but ultimately our objective is to
 objective and the best metric to measure progress and generate long-term value for owners is
 the growth of free cash-over-share.
 While we strive to achieve our objective,
 we will continue to pursue our three ambitions.
 We will act like owners.
 We will own the company for decades.
 We will adapt and succeed in a world that's ever changing,
 and we will be a company that we're personally proud
 to be a part of and would want as our neighbor.
 When we're successful, employees, customers,
 communities and owners all benefit.
 Thank you and have a good evening.
 And so this concludes today's call.
 call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.
 That's all for today.
 Thank you so much for watching.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 Bye.
 back.