 Now it's on time. I would like to start the performance briefing sessions of the Q3 of FYM,
 2022 of a TDK Corporation.
 Today's speaker is the executive vice president, Tetsuji Yamanishi.
 I'm Yamanishi. Hello, everyone. Thank you very much.
 Hey, I'm Yamanishi speaking.
 Thank you very much for joining us today
 in your very business schedule.
 Thank you.
 Okay, then, I'd like to start with the performance briefing of Q3 of FY March 2022.
 I start with the key points concerning earnings.
 And even under the COVID-19 pandemic and continuing from the first and a half,
 and that normalizations of the social and economic activities that are going on
 all over the world but but it's still and it's the constraints on the
 separate chains
 and have a
 prolong it
 So that affects the production units of automobiles and smartphones.
 But on the other hand, now our electronics business has been steady so that we could have the increase with sales in all segments,
 and including that's the improvement of profits under the Pacific components
 and also the sensor profitability have increased
 and then we'll have it
 the weather balanced
 an extractor.
 Sales have increased by 26.3% year-on-year, and operating income have increased by 31.3%
 air and air and for both the Q3
 and the first nine months of the
 fiscal year have both and have recognized it at an all-time high in the auto-automobile
 markets, and due to that
 that the shortage of that
 and the semiconductors, for example,
 and not have lowered that protection in the air,
 in the air, but still
 and for the development of EXP
 and that the father
 electrification of ADAS have increased
 and the number of components installed per vehicle
 that I would add favorable for a business
 so that our business is steady
 and we could expand the sales
 of the passive components
 with the census.
 in ICT markets.
 And now steel and some, the shortage of the semiconductors
 and pushed down the production of smartphones
 and also better lower than the last year,
 But our own components have adapted more into smart phones.
 And on the top of that, there is a strong demand in the PC and the tablets,
 make a contribution
 of a steady business
 and still that's a very good investment
 to the data center, pushing up the server demands,
 In all of these, our sales on the secondary battery sensor as well as HDD head have increased.
 Also, they ended the market of industrial equipment.
 Now, the capex is very steady by the corporations, and our sales for that semiconductor manufacturing equipment and renewable energy have increased.
 it and also passive components and industrial supply have expanded its
 sales and also for the secondary battery a have also have a very good business
 including, that's the increasing cell cell
 the middle size of the battery for the home use ESS just relax under this and
 and the good favourable environments,
 then the first nine months of this fiscal year have largely surpassed our forecast.
 So that's why and the full year projections were revised upward in light of operating results through Q3 and that latest order trends.
 Again, we have this in the revision, and from the last time in October.
 I explain the details later.
 Next, let me talk about the consolidated result of the first nine months of the Q3.
 3.
 The exchange impacted, too, that the net sales have about $85.3 billion and also $3.5 billion in open income, including all these.
 The total sales was 1 trillion and 393.9 billion yen.
 That is 307.1 billion yen or 28.3% increase here in a year.
 Operating income was 139.2 billion yen.
 That is 31.8 billion yen, or 29.5% up from the year earlier.
 the income before tax was
 146.6 billion yen
 That income was 117.3 billion yen, so on all these KPIs, we could recognize at an all-time high.
 Earning per share was 309.53 yen.
 When it comes to the sensitivity to the currency, there's no any change before, so that 1 yen
 change to the dollar have an impact on the
 an income of 1.2 billion yen and 200 million yen a for the euro next left me
 the report about the consolidated results
 for Q3
 so again
 and exchange impacts on the sales have this 39.9 billion yen and also 5.3 billion yen
 impact on the operating income, and including all these impacts, the total net sales was
 That's 499.7 billion yen.
 that is 104 billion yen
 or 26.3% increase year in the year
 and operating income was 59.2 billion yen.
 That is the 14.1 billion yen, 31.3% of the increase in the year.
 Income before tax was 62.2 billion, and net income was 49.1 billion, just like for the nine months.
 The first to the nine months in the total, also we have the record high KPIs for all these and the figures.
 and an unexpected share was 129.50 yen.
 Next.
 Now let me talk about the segment wise business performance in Q3.
 The passive component segments, the sales, were 129.5 billion yen.
 That is 18.3% increase year in a year.
 The demand in automotive markets have been pushed up by that increasing number of components
 and mounted onto the vehicles, and also, now,
 of the industry equipment markets
 of the renewable energy business
 also have been favorable
 and in the ICT market
 And although the demand in smartphones would decline, but the other strong demand in base
 station's available devices have more than
 They're upset.
 So in honor of all these installations, we could have the positive growth in all of the segments.
 Uplifting income was 22.6 billion yen.
 that is 69.3% of increase year-on-year, and operating income margin was 17.5%
 and increase the profitability.
 the business-wise excluding high frequency components then we have all
 that the profit increase, particularly an improvement of the profitability of the capacity
 and inductive devices that pushed up the business performance of all this segment.
 when it comes to high frequency components and have to pop it up declined slightly due to that
 upfront investment for the R&D for new products.
 Next, sensor, application product segments.
 Now, we have consecutively deposited all-time high sales
 from the last Q3.
 And also in this Q3, we also have a record high sales of 36.1 billion.
 And that is a 57.1% increase in air, operating income, and also secured the profits, including
 that's pushed up the sales and also the better product mix.
 So now we can push that flexibility from the Q2, and now we have the operating income margin of over 10%.
 And as a result of that, also in the first nine months of the fiscal year, we could secure the profits.
 The temperature and the pressure sensors, there was a very steady demand for the industrial
 equipment so the home appliances. Then we have the increased sales also for the
 whole sensors and that is supported by the automotive markets and we have a
 to largely improve that profit.
 TML sensor is in the ICT market, now under increase of demand in the ICT market, but
 and also, and adapted for the new applications
 and we have to do a largely substantial increase
 of themselves and the profits, and for the
 M-census.
 We could enjoy it about the expansion of customer base
 and application base.
 now have reflected steadily on the performance
 and motion sensors, members of my firm's sales,
 have increased substantially, and now with the profitability improvement,
 And we could successfully shrink that largely at a loss.
 Next, a magnetic and application products business.
 Net sales was 64 billion yen, 14.4% year-on-year.
 operating income was three point three billion yen down twenty two point five per cent year on year but here may i remind you that in the third quarter previous year we had booked two point four billion yen from the sales gain of suspension business so in substance
 this segment was able to secure growth in profit.
 if it didn't head server demand for data centers and has been the former near
 The inner-line HDDNA has grown 1.8 times in volume, the total HDDNA became profitable
 with its volume growing 28%.
 Hard disk drive suspension near line on the hard disk drives for the
 The major and customized data centers continue to be firm, giving us growth both in revenue and profit.
 Magnet.
 sales for the automotive has been firm in sales with the price increase of raw materials loss number increased slightly
 Next, I will then explain our energy and application products.
 Revenue was $256.1 billion. Operating income was $30.9 billion, up 31.1% in sales and 8.9% in profit year-on-year.
 As for rechargeable batteries, this segment was impacted by the effect changes as well
 as the increased price of raw materials.
 talking of FX the cheaper Japanese yen but if we are to exclude this with the
 smartphone production decline as much as 11 percent from the previous year
 sales for smartphones declined.
 In contrast, power sales for
 electric motorcycles and the residential energy and storage systems expanded
 For the entire business, it became almost flat year on year.
 Excluding affection impact and also the price factor.
 operating income while the real sales did not grow we made efforts to improve cost and fix cost efficiency and we are seeing improved profit starting from the second quarter
 and the price started again going up rapidly so now we are still have some potential factor
 to push down profit and also now we have about a 5.1 billion as the real dinner to be paid
 paid. As for the industrial equipment on the power devices, demand intersection action
 has been rather firm given us opportunity to increase the revenue but then we also have been
 face with an increase in the materials so we had to procure and also we have been with the
 COVID-19 and with all these factors in place we are having a slight decline in profit.
 Next, I'd like to go through the factors behind the ups and downs of sales and operating profit
 numbers for the third quarter by segment first on the passive component segment
 Net sales was at 2.2 billion yen, or 1.7% from the second quarter,
 up in income was at 1.3 billion yen or 5.9 percent.
 as for sales it grew slightly thanks to the strong and older market in the industrial equipment market renewable energy and manufacturing facilities grew in sales whereas in the ict market sales for smartphones declined
 The business became profitable except for the RF components.
 operating income side capacitors and inductors contributed to the overall profit growth
 next sensor application products revenue here was 3.5 billion yen up 10.6 percent
 operating income was an up 2.3 billion yen we continued to improve further since the second
 quarter. Temperature and the pressure sensors slightly declined partially due to the seasonal
 factor.
 in email and sensors whole sensors grew firmly particularly for the auto
 and the trm sensors grew significantly in the sales volume of new products
 sensor q2 thanks to the major customers for smartphones motion sensor our sensation are
 firmly growing in sales thanks to the expanded base of customers and applications upper the
 income grew significantly thanks to the good business of TMR sensors motion sensors contributed
 to greatly and to profit, reflecting the improved customer mix and product mix.
 All in all, they contribute greatly to the overall profit improvement.
 Next, I will explain magnetic application products, revenue being 1.3 billion AM, down
 2.1 percent operating income was down 2.7 billion yen excluding a one-time
 cost of about four billion yen we had in the third and second quarter revenue now
 HTTN has volume mainly in four pieces was down about eight percent and how to describe assembly
 sales volume also was down about 15 percent in contrast HDD suspensions and
 had a growth in a profit driven by new line business magnets this business
 growth in profit thanks to the firm demand for auto. Operating income declines sharply due to
 the decline and HDD has volume as well as the selling price the pricing
 erosion.
 Suspension improved and its profit are driven by the growth in sales and the mixture improvement by high-valued products.
 Magnets are still in loss because the impact from the price rise is still with us.
 Next, Energy and Application Product Segment Revenue was 20.6 billion yen, up 8.8%.
 Operating income was $4.7 million at 13.6%.
 rechargeable lunar batteries
 sales growth thanks to the increased production volume of smartphones. PowerCell products
 the cells grow.
 Even when excluding the FX impact and raw materials and price increase shifted to an hour selling price, revenue actually grew from the second quarter.
 Industrial power and supplies grew slightly in revenue.
 operating income, raw materials and for the rechargeable batteries
 and started rising further from the second quarter and its impact is still with us but we made the
 further efforts to improve the efficiency of fixed costs result in the improved profitability starting
 from the second quarter.
 Industrial power supplies, thanks to the increase of sales,
 resulted in growth both in revenue and profit. Next I will go into details of 14.1 billion yen of the
 operating gamma.
 With the inner growth in sales of passive components, profit expanded.
 With the sensor business becoming profitable, profit expanded.
 With the recovered profit of HDD heads, though we had some impact from the rising cost of
 materials we had increase we had an increase in profit as much as 12.6 billion yen impact from
 the sales price discounts remained
 rather small.
 rationalization, cost down air force, as well as the impact of 8.6 billion yen coming from
 the structural reform we executed in the fourth quarter in the previous year in the previous
 fiscal year. Our profit has
 been raised up.
 SCNN actually increased 12.5 billion.
 major factors for that and our first in the third quarter previous year we had
 in the sales of the in a cell the suspicious visit almost 2.4 billion
 yen and also the rechargeable the royalty cost being 5.1 billion yen and with the COVID-19 going
 there has been a price increase in the distribution cost.
 Well, of course, the Japanese yen is becoming cheaper, actually, up 5.3 billion.
 And all in all, it is going to be a 14.1 billion yen improvement in HANA profit.
 Lastly, I will explain our focus for the fully consolidated performance.
 as i said in the outset with the actuals up until the third quarter and in light of the orders we have received in the latest quarter we revised upward our last numbers we announced back in november november the first so we made this revision again
 net sales is now one trillion eight and fifty billion yen open income 160
 billion yen. Income before income tax is now 168 billion yen. Net income is now
 113 billion yen as for nacelles demand for and passive components particularly
 for auto and industrial equipments
 And also for the rechargeable batteries, demand for smartphones turned out to be much faster than we had expected.
 it so that these are the reasons why we wanted to actually make the upper revision as for the
 operating income we expect to grow the profit thanks to the increase the sales we are also
 expecting to have one-time cost of 9 billion yen for the consolidation of locations as well as
 in the sales disposition of assets, and that has been expected in the fourth quarter.
 We expect to have one-time cost of tax around 17 billion yen about that is expected in the fourth quarter.
 so with this and factors in place
 and we are happy to announce that we made these revisions
 As for the year-end dividend and capex and depreciation, amortization and hourly cost,
 There has been no change since the last time announcement.
 This concludes my explanation.
 Thank you indeed for your kind attention.
 Thank you.