Now it's on time. The director starts the performance briefing sessions of Q3 of FY March 2022 of TDK Corporation. Today's speaker is Executive Vice President Tetsuji Yamanishi. I'm Yamanishi. Hello, everyone. Thank you very much. I'm Yamanishi speaking. Thank you very much for joining us today in your very busy schedule. Thank you. OK, then I'd like to start with the performance briefing of Q3 of FY March 2022. I start with the key points concerning earnings. And even under the COVID-19 pandemic and continuing from the first half and that normalizations of the social and economic activities going on and all over the world. But still, the constraints on the supply chains and have prolonged. So that's the adverse effects of the production units of automobiles and smartphones. But on the other hand, now our electronics business has been steady so that we could have the increase in sales in all segments. And including that's the improvement of profits under the passive components and also the sensor profitability have increased and we have a very well balanced earning structure. Sales have increased by 26.3 percent year on year and operating income have increased by 31.3 percent year on year. And for both the Q3 and the first nine months of the fiscal year have both and have recognized the all time high. In the automotive market and due to that the shortage of that the semiconductors, for example, and have lowered the production units of automobiles and smartphones. But still that further development of EXP and the further electrification of ADAS have increased in the number of components installed per vehicle that have had a favorable for our business so that our business is steady. And we could expand the sales of the passive components as well as sensors. In the ICT market and now still and some the shortage of the semiconductors and the push down to the production of smartphones and also lower than last year. But our own components have adapted more in the smartphones and on the top of that very strong demand in PC and tablets. Make a contribution of the steady business and still that's a very good investments to the data center pushing up to the server demands. And all of these are sales on the secondary battery sensor as well as HDD head have increased. Also in the market of industrial equipment. Now the capex is very steady by the corporations and our sales for that semiconductors manufacturing equipment and renewable energy have increased. And also passive components and industrial peripheral have expanded the sales. And also for the secondary battery. And we also have a very good business including that's the increasing sales of the middle size of the battery for the home use ESS. Just like under this and the good favorable environment. And the first nine months of this fiscal year have largely surpassed our forecast. So that's why and the full year projection were revised upward in light of operating results through Q3 and that latest order trends. Again we have this and revision and from the last time in October. I explained the details later. Next let me talk about the consolidated results of the first nine months of Q3. Exchange impact to that the net sales have about 85.3 billion yen and also and 3.5 billion yen of income. Including all these the total sales was 1 trillion and 393.9 billion yen. That is 307.1 billion yen of 28.3 percent increase year on year. Operating income was 139.2 billion yen. That is 31.8 billion yen or 29.5 percent up from the year earlier. The income before tax was 146.6 billion yen. Net income was 117.3 billion yen. So all these KPIs we could recognize it all time high. Earning per share was 309.53 yen. When it comes to the sensitivity to the currency there's no any change before. So that 1 yen change to the dollar have the impact on the operating income of 1.2 billion yen and 200 million yen for the euro. Next let me report about the consolidated results for Q3. So again the exchange impacts on the sales have 39.9 billion yen and also 5.3 billion yen impact on the operating income. And including all these impacts the total net sales was 499.7 billion yen. That is 104 billion yen or 26.3 percent increase year on year. And operating income was 59.2 billion yen. That is 14.1 billion yen or 31.3 percent of increase year on year. Income before tax was 62.2 billion yen. Net income was 49.1 billion yen. Just like for the nine months. First to the nine months and the total also we have the record high KPIs for all these figures. And earning per share was 129.50 yen. Next let me talk about the segment wise business performance in Q3. The passive component segments, the sales was 129.5 billion yen. That is 18.3 percent increase year on year. The demand in automotive markets have been pushed up by that increasing number of components and amount of the vehicles. And also now in industrial equipment markets or the renewable energy business also have been favorable. And in ICT market although the demand in smartphone declined but they had a strong demand in base stations, wearable devices have more than offset. So in all of these interactions we could have the positive growth in all of the segments. Operating income was 22.6 billion yen. That is 69.3 percent of increase year on year. And operating income margin was 17.5 percent with increased profitability. The business wise, excluding high frequency components, then we have all the profit increase particularly and improvement of the profitability of the capacitive inductive devices have pushed up the business performance of all the segments. When it comes to high frequency components, it have the profit have declined slightly due to that upfront investment for the R&D for new products. Next, sensor application products segments. Now we have consecutively posted all time high sales from the last Q3 and also in this Q3 we also have a record high sales of 36.1 billion yen. That is a 57.1 percent increase year on year. Operating income also secured profits including that pushed up sales and also the better product mix. So now we can push up the profitability from the Q2 and now we have the operating margin of over 10 percent. And the result of that also in the first nine months of the fiscal year we could secure the profits. The temperature and pressure sensors, there was very steady and demand for the industrial equipment or the home appliances. Then we have the increased sales also for the whole sensors. And that is supported by the automotive markets and we have largely improved the profits. The M-L sensor is in the ICT market now under increase of demand in ICT market. And also adopted for the new applications and we have the larger and substantial increase of the sales and the profits. And for the MEM sensors, we could enjoy about the expansion of customer base and application base. Now have reflected steadily on the performance and motion sensors, MEM microphones sales have increasing and substantially and now with the profitability improvement we could successfully shrink that largely that the loss. Next, magnetic and application products business. Net sales was 64 billion yen, 14.4 percent year on year. Operating income was 3.3 billion yen, down 22.5 percent year on year. But here may I remind you that in the third quarter previous year we had booked 2.4 billion yen from the sales gain of suspension business. So in substance, this segment was able to secure growth in profit. HDDN head, server demand for data centers has been firm. Near line HDDN heads grew 1.8 times in volume. The total HDDN head became profitable with its volume growing 28 percent. Hard disk drive suspension, near line on the hard disk drives for the mentioned customers and data centers continued to be firm, giving us growth both in revenue and profit. Magnet, sales for the automotive has been firm in sales. With the price increase of raw materials, loss number increased slightly. Next, I will explain our energy and application products. Revenue was 256.1 billion yen. Operating income was 30.9 billion yen, up 31.1 percent in sales and 8.9 percent in profit year on year. As for rechargeable batteries, this segment was impacted by the FX exchanges as well as the increased price of raw materials. Talking of FX, the cheaper Japanese yen. But if we are to exclude this, with the smartphone production decline as much as 11 percent from the previous year, sales for smartphones declined. In contrast, power sales for electric motorcycles and residential energy and storage systems expanded.

the entire business, it became almost flat year on year. Excluding FX impact and also price factor. Operating income, while the real sales did not grow, we made efforts to improve cost and fixed cost efficiency, and we are seeing improved profit starting from the second quarter. But in the third quarter this year, raw materials and price started again going up rapidly, so we still have some potential factor to push down profit. And also we have about 5.1 billion as the royalty to be paid. As for the industrial equipment power devices, demand, intersection action has been rather firm, giving us opportunity to increase the revenue. But we also have been faced with an increase in the materials, so we had to procure. And also we have been with COVID-19, and with all these factors in place, we are having a slight decline in profit. Next, I'd like to go through the factors behind ups and downs of sales and operating profit numbers for the third quarter by segment. First, on the passive component segment. Net sales was up 2.2 billion yen or 1.7% from the second quarter. Operating income was up 1.3 billion yen or 5.9%. As for sales, it grew slightly thanks to the strong auto market. In the industrial equipment market, renewable energy and manufacturing facilities grew in sales. Whereas in the ICT market, sales for smartphones declined. The business became profitable except for the RF components. Operating income side, capacitors and inductors contributed to the overall profit growth. Next, sensor and application products. Revenue here was 3.5 billion yen, up 10.6%. Operating income was up 2.3 billion yen. We continued to improve further since the second quarter. Temperature and pressure sensors slightly declined, partially due to the seasonal factor. In ML sensors, hall sensors grew firmly, particularly for the auto. And TRM sensors grew significantly in the sales volume of new products since Q2, thanks to the major customers for smartphones. Motion sensors are firmly growing in sales thanks to the expanded base of customers and applications. Operating income grew significantly thanks to the good business of TMR sensors. Motion sensors contributed greatly to profit, reflecting the improved customer mix and product mix. All in all, they contributed greatly to the overall profit improvement. Next, I will explain magnetic application products. Revenue being 1.3 billion yen, down 2.1%. Operating income was down 2.7 billion yen, excluding one-time costs of about 4 billion yen we had in the second quarter. Revenue exceeded in sales volume, mainly for PCs, was down about 8%. And hard disk drive assembly sales volume also was down about 15%. In contrast, HDD suspensions had a growth in profit driven by near-line business. Magnets, this business grew in profit thanks to the firm demand for auto. Operating income declines sharply due to the decline in HDD sales volume as well as the selling pricing erosion. Suspension improved and its profit driven by the growth in sales and the mixture improvement by high-valued products. Magnets are still in loss because the impact from the price rise is still with us. Next, energy and application products segment. Revenue was 20.6 billion yen, up 8.8%. Operating income was 4.7 billion yen, up 13.6%. Rechargeable batteries, sales grew thanks to the increased production volume of smartphones. Power cell products sales grew. Even when excluding the FX impact and raw materials and price increase shifted to our selling price, revenue actually grew from the second quarter. Industrial power supplies grew slightly in revenue. Operating income, raw materials for the rechargeable batteries started rising further from the second quarter and its impact is still with us. But we made further efforts to improve the efficiency of fixed costs, resulted in the improved profitability starting from the second quarter. Industrial power supplies, thanks to the increased sales, resulted in the growth both in revenue and profit. Next, I will go into details of 14.1 billion yen of the operating income. With the growth in sales of passive components, profit expanded. With the sensor business becoming profitable, profit expanded. With the recovery of the profit of HDD heads, though we had some impact from the rising cost of materials, we had an increase in profit as much as 12.6 billion yen. Impact from the sales price discounts remained rather small. Rationalization, cost down efforts as well as the impact of 8.6 billion yen coming from the structural reform we executed in the fourth quarter in the previous fiscal year. Our profit has been raised up. H&A actually increased 12.5 billion. Major factors for that, first, in the third quarter previous year, we had sales of the suspension business almost 2.4 billion yen. And also the rechargeable royalty cost being 5.1 billion yen. And with COVID-19 going on, there has been price increase in the distribution cost. Of course, the Japanese yen becoming cheaper, actually up 5.3 billion. All in all, it is going to be 14.1 billion yen improvement in profit. Lastly, I will explain our focus for the full year consolidated performance. As I said in the outset, with the actuals and up until the third quarter, and in light of the orders we have received in the latest quarter, we revised and uproared our last numbers we announced back in November 1st. So we made this revision again. Full year net sales is now 1,850 billion yen, operating income 160 billion yen. Income before income tax is now 168 billion yen. Net income is now 113 billion yen. As for net sales, demand for passive components, particularly for auto and industrial equipment. And also for the rechargeable batteries, demand for smartphones turned out to be much faster than we had expected. So these are the reasons why we wanted to actually make the upper revision. As for the operating income, we expect to grow the profit thanks to the increased sales. We are also expecting to have one-time cost of 9 billion yen for the consolidation of locations as well as the sales disposition of assets. And that has been expected in the fourth quarter. We expect to have one-time cost of tax around 17 billion yen about. That is expected in the fourth quarter. So with these factors in place, we are happy to announce that we made these revisions. As for the year-end dividend and capex and depreciation amortization and R&D costs, there has been no change since the last time announcement. This concludes my explanation. Thank you indeed for your kind attention.

