 Now it's on time. I would like to start the performance briefing sessions of Q3 of FY March 2022 of TDK Corporation. Today's speaker is the executive vice president Tetsuji Yamanishi. I'm Yamanishi. Hello, everyone. Thank you very much. Okay. I'm Yamanishi speaking. Thank you very much for joining us today in your very busy schedule. Thank you. Okay, then, I'd like to start with the performance briefing of Q3 of FY March 2022. I start with the key points concerning earnings. And even under the COVID-19 pandemic and continuing from the first and a half and that normalizations of the social and economic activities is going on and all over the world. But still, and it's the constraints on the supply chains and have a prolonged it. So that's the, that would affect the production units of automobiles and smartphones. But on the other hand, now our electronics business has been steady so that we could have increased with sales in all segments and including that's the improvement of profits under the passive components and also the sensor profitability have increased and will have a very well balanced running structure. Sales have increased by 26.3% year-on-year and open income have increased by 31.3% year-on-year. And for both the Q3 and the first nine months of the fiscal year have both. And we have recognized that it's an all-time high in the auto-automobile markets. And due to that, the shortage of that, the semiconductors, for example, and not have lowered that protection units of the air-on-air, but still the further development of EXP and the further electrification of ADAS have increased in the number of components installed per vehicle that are favorable for our business so that our business is steady and we could expand the sales of the passive components as well as sensors. In ICT markets and now steel and some, the shortage of the semiconductors and the push down to the production of smartphones and also been lower than last year. But our own components have adapted more in the smartphones. And on the top of that, that's a very strong demand in the PC and the tablets. And they make a contribution of a steady business and the steel that's a very good investments to the data center pushing up to the server demands. In all of these, our sales on the secondary battery sensor as well as HDD head have increased. Also in the end of the market of industrial equipment, now the capex is very steady by the corporations and in our sales for that semiconductor manufacturing equipment and renewable energy have increased. And also passive components and the industrial supply have expanded the sales. And also for the secondary battery, we also have a very good business including that's the increasing sales of the middle size of the battery for the home use ESS. Just like under this and the good favorable environment, then the first nine months of that this fiscal year have largely surpassed our forecast. So that's why and the full year projections were revised upward in light of operating results through Q3 and that latest order trends. Again, we have this and revision and from the last time in October. I explain in the details later. Next, let me talk about the consolidated results of the first nine months of the Q3. Exchange impacted to that. The net sales have about 85.3 billion yen and also and 3.5 billion yen and open income, including all these. The total sales was 1 trillion and 393.9 billion yen. That is 307.1 billion yen or 28.3 percent increase year in a year. Operating income was 139.2 billion yen. That is 31.8 billion yen or 29.5 percent up. From the year earlier, the income before tax was 146.6 billion yen. That income was 117.3 billion yen. So on all these KPIs, we could recognize an all-time high. Earning per share was 309.53 yen. When it comes to the sensitivity to the currency, there was no change before. So the 1 yen change to the dollar had the impact on the operating income of 1.2 billion yen and 200 million yen for the euro. Next, let me then report about the consolidated results for Q3. So again, the next change impacts on the sales have the 39.9 billion yen and also 5.3 billion yen impact on the operating income. And including all these impacts, the total net sales was 499.7 billion yen. That is 104 billion yen or 26.3 percent increase year in a year. And then operating income was 59.2 billion yen. That is the 14.1 billion yen, 31.3 percent of the increase in the year. Income before tax was 62.2 billion yen. The net income was 49.1 billion yen. Just like for the nine months, the first to the nine months in the total. Also, we have the record high KPIs for all these and the figures. And an unexpected share was 129.50 yen. Next. Now, let me talk about the segment-wise business performance in Q3. The passive component segments, the sales were 129.5 billion yen. That is 18.3 percent increase year in a year. The demand in automotive markets have been pushed up by that increasing number of components and amounted onto the vehicles. And also, now, industrial equipment markets or the renewable energy business also have been favorable. And in the ICD market, although the demand in smartphones have declined, but the other strong demand in the base station's available devices have more than offset. So, in honor of all these installations, we could have then a positive growth in all of the segments. Operating income was 22.6 billion yen. That is 69.3 percent of increase year in a year. And operating income margin was 17.5 percent with increased profitability. The business-wise, excluding high-frequency components, then we have all the profit increase, particularly an improvement of the profitability of the capacity and inductive devices that pushed up the business performance of all the segments. When it comes to high-frequency components, it has the profit have declined slightly due to that upfront investment for the R&D for new products. Next, since application product segments. Now, we have consecutively deposited all-time high sales from the last Q3. And also, in this Q3, we also have a record-high sales of 36.1 billion yen. That is a 57.1 percent increase in the year. Operating income could also secure the profits, including the pushed-up sales and also the better product mix. So, now, we can push up the profitability from the Q2. And now, we have the operating income margin of over 10 percent. And as a result of that, also in the first nine months of the fiscal year, we could secure the profits. The temperature and the pressure sensors, there was very steady and the demand for the industrial equipment or the home appliances. Then we have the increased sales also for the whole sensors. It was supported by the automotive markets. And we have largely improved its profits. TML sensor is in the ICT market, now under the increase of the demand in the ICT market, but also and adapted for the new applications. And we have the largely substantial increase on the sales and the profits. And for the member sensors, we could enjoy about the expansion of customer-based and application-based, now have reflected steadily on the performance. And motion sensors, members have increased substantially. And now, with the profitability improvement, we could successfully shrink that, largely, that loss. Next, magnetic and application products business. Net sales was 64 billion yen, 14.4 percent year-on-year. Operating income was 3.3 billion yen, down 22.5 percent year-on-year. But here may I remind you that in the third quarter previous year, we had booked 2.4 billion yen from the sales gain of suspension business. So, in substance, this segment was able to secure growth in profit. HDD in head. Server demand for data centers has been firm. Nearline HDD in heads grew 1.8 times in volume. The total HDD in head became profitable with its volume growing 28 percent. Hard disk drive suspension. Nearline on the hard disk drives for the major customers and data centers continue to be firm, giving us growth both in revenue and profit. Magnet. Sales for the automotive has been firm in sales. With the price increase of raw materials, loss number increased slightly. Next, I will explain our energy and application products. Revenue was 256.1 billion yen. Operating income was 30.9 billion yen, up 31.1 percent in sales and 8.9 percent in profit year-on-year. As for rechargeable batteries, this segment was impacted by the effect changes as well as the increased price of raw materials. Talking of FX, the cheaper Japanese yen. But if we are to exclude this, which the smartphone production decline as much as 11 percent from the previous year, sales for smartphones declined. In contrast, power sales for electric motorcycles and residential energy storage systems expanded. For the entire business, it became almost flat year-on-year. Excluding FX and impact and also the price factor. Operating income. While the real sales did not grow, we made efforts to improve cost and fix cost efficiency. And we are seeing improved profit starting from the second quarter. But in the third quarter this year, raw materials and the price started again going up rapidly. So now we still have some potential factor to push down profit. And also now we have about 5.1 billion as the realty to be paid. As for the industrial equipment on power devices, demand intersection action has been rather firm, given us opportunity to increase the revenue. But then we also have been faced with an increase in the materials we had to procure. And also we have been with COVID-19. And with all these factors in place, we are having a slight decline in profit. Next, I'd like to go through the factors behind the ups and downs of sales and operating profit numbers for the third quarter by segment. First, on the passive component segment, net sales was up 2.2 billion yen or 1.7% from the second quarter. Up in income was up 1.3 billion yen or 5.9%. As for sales, it grew slightly thanks to the strong and older market. In the industrial equipment market, renewable energy and manufacturing facilities grew in sales. Whereas in the ICT market, sales for smartphones declined. The business became profitable except for the RF components. Operating income side, capacitors and inductors contributed to the overall profit growth. Next, sensor and application products. Revenue here was 3.5 billion yen, up 10.6%. Operating income was up 2.3 billion yen. We continued to improve further since the second quarter. Temperature and pressure sensors slightly declined, partially due to the seasonal factor. In ML sensors, whole sensors grew firmly, particularly for the auto. And the TRM sensors grew significantly in the sales volume of new products since Q2, thanks to the major customers for smartphones. Motion sensors are firmly growing in sales, thanks to the expanded base of customers and applications. Operating income grew significantly, thanks to the good business of TMR sensors. Motion sensors contributed greatly to profit, reflecting the improved customer mix and product mix. All in all, they contributed greatly to the overall profit improvement. Next, I will explain magnetic application products. Revenue being 1.3 billion yen, down 2.1%. Operating income was down 2.7 billion yen, excluding a one-time cost of about 4 billion yen we had in the second quarter. Revenue, HTTN has volume mainly in four pieces, was down about 8%. And had described assembly sales, volume also was down about 15%. In contrast, HTT suspensions had a growth and a profit driven by near-line business. Magnets. This business grew in profit, thanks to the firm demand for auto. Operating income declines sharply due to the decline in HTT has volume, as well as the selling pricing erosion. Suspension improved and its profit driven by the growth in sales and the mixture improvement by high-valued products. Magnets are still in loss because the impact from the price rise is still with us. Next, energy and application product segment. Revenue was 20.6 billion yen, up 8.8%. Operating income was 4.7 billion yen, up 13.6%. Rechargeable batteries. Sales grew thanks to the increased production volume of smartphones. Power selling products sales grew. Even when excluding the FX impact and raw materials, price increase shifted to our selling price. Revenue actually grew. From the second quarter. Industrial power supplies grew slightly in revenue. Operating income, raw materials and for the rechargeable batteries started rising farther from the second quarter, and its impact is still with us. But we made further efforts to improve the efficiency of fixed costs, resulted in the improved profitability starting from the second quarter. Industrial power supplies, thanks to the increased sales, resulted in growth both in revenue and profit. Next, I will go into details of 14.1 billion yen of the operating income. With the growth in sales of passive components, profit expanded. With the sensor business becoming profitable, profit expanded. With the recovered profit of HDD heads, though we had some impact from the rising cost of materials. We had an increase in profit as much as 12.6 billion yen. Impact from the sales price discounts remained rather small. Rationalization, cost down a force, as well as the impact of 8.6 billion yen coming from the structural reform we executed in the fourth quarter in the previous year. In the previous fiscal year, our profit has been raised up. The S&N actually increased 12.5 billion. Major factors for that. First, in the third quarter previous year, we had the sales of the suspension budget almost 2.4 billion yen. And also the rechargeable of the royalty in the cost being 5.1 billion yen. And with the COVID-19 going on, there has been a price increase in the distribution cost. Well, of course, the Japanese yen becoming cheaper and actually up 5.3 billion yen. All in all, it is going to be a 14.1 billion yen improvement in profit. Lastly, I will explain our focus for the full-year consolidated performance. As I said in the outset, with the actuals up until the third quarter, and in light of the orders we have received in the latest quarter, we revised upward our last numbers we announced back in November, November the 1st. So we made this revision again. Full-year net sales is now 1 trillion 850 billion yen open income 160 billion yen income before income taxes now 168 billion yen net income is now 113 billion yen as for nacelles demand for and passive components particularly for auto and industrial equipments and also for the rechargeable batteries demand for smartphones turned out to be much faster than we had expected so that these are the reasons why we wanted to actually make the upper revision as for the operating income we expect to grow the profit thanks to the increased sales we are also expecting to have one-time cost of 9 billion yen for the consolidation of locations as well as the sales disposition of assets and that has been expected in the fourth quarter we expect to have one-time cost of tax around 17 billion yen about that is expected in the fourth quarter so with this and factors in place and we are happy to announce that we made these revisions as for all the year-end dividend and capex and depreciation amortization and already cost there has been no change since the last time announcement this concludes my explanation thank you indeed for your kind attention