 Now it's on time.
 We'll let this start.
 the performance briefing sessions of Q3 of FY March 2022 of the TDK Corporation.
 Today's speaker is the executive vice president, Tetsuji Yamanishi.
 I'm Yamanishi.
 everyone. Thank you very much. Hey, I'm Yamanishi speaking.
 Thank you very much for joining us today in your very business schedule.
 Thank you.
 I'd like to start with the performance briefing of Q3 of FY March 2022.
 I start with the key points concerning earnings.
 and even under the COVID-19 pandemic
 and continuing from the first and a half.
 and that normalizations of the social and economic activities
 is going on and all over the world, but that is still and it's the constraints on the subway
 They change and have a prerogative.
 So that's the, that's what the adversarial effects of the protection units of automobiles
 and smart form, better on the other hand.
 Now, our electronics business has been studied so that we could have the increase in sales
 in all segments, and including that's the improvement of profits under the passive components
 and also the sensor profitability have increased and will have a very well-balanced structure.
 sales have increased by 26.3% year-on-year, and open income have increased by 31.3% year-on-year,
 for the votes.
 and the first nine months of the first year have both.
 and have recognized it at all times high.
 in auto-mobile markets, and due to that's the shortage of
 that the semiconductors, for example,
 and now to have lowered the protection needs of the young air, but still that for the development
 of the EXP and the further electrification of the ATAS have increased in the number of
 components installed per vehicle that are favourable for our business so that our business
 as steady, and we could expand the sales of the passive components as well as sensors.
 in the ICT markets.
 and now steel and some, the shortage of the semiconductors
 and pushed down to the protection of smartphones.
 And also, with a lower than the last year,
 but our own components have adopted more
 and this amount of funds.
 And on the top of that, very strong demand in the PC
 in the top list, make a contribution
 of study business and still that's a very good investments to the data center pushing
 after the software demands and all of these are sales on the secondary battery
 sensor as well as how did HDD head have increased also the end of the market of
 of industrial equipment.
 Now, the apex is very steady by the corporations.
 and in our sales for that semiconductor manufacturing
 equipment and renewable energy have increased, and also passive components and industrial
 of her supply have expanded the sales.
 And also for the secondary battery,
 And we also have a very good business including that's the increasing sales of the middle
 size of the battery for the home use.
 CSS.
 Just relax under this and the good favorable environment.
 In the first nine months of this fiscal year,
 have learned to re-suppose the forecast.
 So that's why, and the full ear projection
 where revised the app for it in light of operating results
 through Q3 and that's the latest order trends.
 Again, we have this and the revision and from the last time in October, I explain the details
 See you later.
 Let me talk about the consolidated result of the first nine months of the Q3.
 Exchange impacted to that the net sales have about 85.3 billion and also and 3.5 billion
 and open income, including all these.
 The total sales was 1 trillion and 393.9 billion.
 That is 307.1 billion yen, or 28.3 percent increase here in the year, operating income
 was 139.2 billion yen that is 31.8 billion yen or 29.5% up from the year
 earlier, the income before tax was 146.6 billion yen.
 That income was 117.3 billion yen, so all these KPIs, we could recognize it on time
 I'm high.
 earning a fish share was 309.5 to 3M.
 Bring it down to there.
 sensitivity to the currency, there's no any change before,
 so that one-hand chance of the dollar
 have the impact on the open income of 1.2 billion yen
 and 200 million yen for the euro.
 Next, let me then report about the concentrated results for Q3.
 So again, the next change impacts under the sales
 have the 39.9 billion yen and also 5.3 billion yen impact
 on the operating income.
 And including all these impacts that total net sales was 499.7 billion yen, that is 104
 billion yen or 26.3% increase year-on-year and an operating income was 59.2 billion yen.
 That is the 14.1 billion yen, 31.3% of the increase in the year.
 The net income before tax was $62.2 billion and the net income was $49.1 billion, just
 like for that the nine months they first to the nine months and the total also we
 We have the record of high.
 Keep the eyes.
 all these and the figures, and an unexpected share was 129.5 with zero yen.
 Now, let me talk about the segment-wise business
 performance in Q3.
 The passive component segments, the sales,
 One at 29.5 billion yen.
 That is 18.3% increase year-on-year.
 that demand in automotive markets have been pushed up
 by that increasing number of components
 and mounted on to the vehicles and also now industry equipped
 markets or the renewable energy business also happened favorable and in the
 So ICT market, although the demand on smartphone with declined bets, they had a strong demand
 and the base station's available devices have more than upset.
 So on all of these entertainment installations,
 we could have than the positive growth in all of the segments.
 The dividend income was 22.6 billion yen.
 That is 69.3 percent of increase year-on-year and operating income margin is 17.5 percent
 but increase the profitability.
 business-wise excluding high frequency components then we have all that the
 the profit increase, particularly, and improvements
 of the product ability of the composite and inductive devices
 that pushed up the business performance of all the segment.
 When it comes to high-frequency components,
 and have the profit app declined slightly
 due to that upfront investment for the R&D for new products.
 Next, sensor application product segments.
 Now, we have consecutively the positive old time of sale.
 high sales from the last Q3 and also in this Q3 we also have a record high
 high sales of $36.1 billion, that is a 57.1% increase in air, operating income, and also
 to secure the profits, including that the pushed up sales
 and also the better product mix.
 So now, we can push it up.
 That's the functionality from the Q2.
 And now we have the operating margin of over 10%.
 And the result of that also ended
 in the first nine months of the fiscal year,
 we could secure the profits.
 the same temperature and the pressure sensors,
 There was better city and demand for the industrial equipment,
 so the home appliances.
 And then we have the increased sales, also for the whole sensors, and that is supported
 by the automotive markets and we have largely improved as the profits.
 TML sensor is in the ICT market now and the increase of demand in the ICT market, but
 and also and adopted for the new applications and will have to largely
 substantial increase on the sales and the profits and for the mem sensors, we could enjoy it about
 the expansion of customer base and application base.
 now have an effect of setting on the performance
 and motion sensors, memory performance, sales.
 have increasing and substantially,
 and now with the profitability improvement,
 we could successfully shrink that largely at the loss.
 Next, magnetic and application products business net sales was 64 billion yen, 14.4% year-on-year.
 income was 3.3 billion yen down 22.5 percent year-on-year.
 But here may I remind you that, in the third quarter previous year, we had booked 2.4
 linear and from the sales gain of suspension business.
 So in substance, the segment was able to secure growth in profit.
 HDDnHead, server demand for data centers has been firm.
 New online at HDDating on the headscrew road.
 1.8 times in volume.
 The total HDD in the head became profitable, with its volume growing 28%.
 How does it drive suspension?
 The new line on the hard disk drives for the major customers and data centers continue
 to be firm, given us both in revenue and profit.
 Cells for the automotive has been firm in sales, which did a price increase of raw materials,
 The loss number increased slightly.
 Thank you for watching.
 Have a nice day.
 Thank you very much.
 Next, I will then explain our energy and application products.
 was 256.1 billion yen. Operating income was 30.9 billion yen, up 31.1 percent in sales,
 8.9% in profit year-on-year. As for rechargeable batteries, this segment was impacted by the
 in effect changes, as well as the increased price of raw materials, talking of FX, the
 cheaper Japanese hand. But if we are to exclude this, with the smartphone
 production declined, as much as 11 percent from the previous year, sales for smartphones
 declined. In contrast and power cells for electric motorcycles and the
 residential power energy and storage systems expanded.
 For the entire business, it became almost flat ear on ear.
 excluding effects in impact and also building a pricing factor.
 Operating income?
 Well, the real sales did not grow.
 made efforts to improve cost and fix cost efficiency.
 that we are seeing improve the profit starting from the second quarter.
 But in the third quarter, this year, raw materials and the price started again going up rapidly.
 So now we still have some potential factor to push the on-profit.
 And also now we have about 5.1 billion as the rail dinner to be paid.
 As for the industrial equipment, power devices, demand, intersection action and
 has been rather firm, given the opportunity to increase the revenue.
 Then we also have been faced with an increase in the materials that we had to procure and
 And also, we have been with COVID-19 and with all these
 factors in place, we are having a slight decline in profit.
 Next, I would like to go through the factors behind the ups and downs of sales and operating
 profit numbers for the third quarter in our buy segment.
 First, on the passive component segment, net sales was at 2.2 billion yen, or 1.7 percent
 from the second quarter.
 up an income was up 1.3 billion yen or 5.9%.
 That's for sales.
 It grows sadly thanks to the strong and old market and the industrial equipment market
 renewable energy and manufacturing facilities
 grew in sales, whereas in the ICT market, sales for smartphones declined.
 business so they became profitable except for the RF components operating
 income side, capacitors and inductors contributed to the overall profit growth.
 Next, sensor and application products.
 Revenue here was 3.5 million yen.
 up 10.6 percent.
 income was an up 2.3 billion yen. We continue to improve further since the second quarter.
 Temperature and the pressure sensor slightly declined, partially due to the seasonal factor.
 Then you may have the sensors, whole sensors, grow the family, particularly for the auto,
 The TRM sensors grew significantly in the sales volume of new products since Q2.
 Thank you to the major customers for smartphones.
 motion sensor, sensor and family growing in cells.
 thanks to the expanded base of customers and applications.
 Open income grew significantly thanks to the good business of TMR sensors, motion sensors
 contributed to greatly in a two-profit reflecting the improved customer mix and
 and product mix. All in all, they contribute greatly to the overall profit improvement.
 Next, I will explain the magnetic application products.
 review being 1.3 billion M.
 down 2.1 percent.
 income was down 2.7 billion yen, excluding a one-time cost of about 4 billion yen we
 we had in the second quarter.
 Avenue, now it's sitting at the head's volume,
 mainly how four pieces was down about eight percent.
 And how to describe assembly sales, volume also was down about 15%.
 In contrast, HDD suspensions in the heart and the growth in the profit driven by new
 online business.
 minutes.
 This business grew out in profit.
 thanks to the informed demand for auto.
 Operating income declines sharply due to the decline in HDD haze volume as well as the
 is selling the pricing erosion.
 suspension improved and its profit are driven by the growth in cells and the
 and make sure improvement by high value of the products.
 magnets are still in loss because the impact from the price
 rise is still with us.
 Next, energy and application product segment.
 was at 20.6 billion yen, up 8.8 percent.
 Operating income was 4.7 million yen at 13.6%.
 Rechargeable inner batteries.
 Thanks for watching.
 I'm Serge Grotner.
 increased production volume of smartphones. Power cell and products cells grow, even when
 excluding the FX impact and raw materials and price increase shifted to an
 our selling price, revenue actually grew from the second quarter.
 power and supplies go slightly in revenue.
 Operating in gum have raw materials and for the rechargeable batteries and started rising
 farther from the second quarter, and its impact is still with us.
 that we made further efforts to improve the efficiency of fixed costs resulted in the
 improved profitability starting from the second quarter. Industrial power supplies, thanks to
 increasing sales resulted in growth both in revenue and profit.
 Next, I will go into details of 14.1 billion yen of the operating gamma.
 which the growth in sales of passive components profit expanded, which the
 the sense of business becoming profitable, profit expanded,
 with the recovery of the profit of HDD at the hands.
 Though we had some impact from the rising cost of materials, we had increased, we had
 increase in profit as much as 12.6 billion yen.
 from the sales price discounts remained rather small.
 rationalization costs down a force as well as the impact of 8.6 billion yen coming from the
 the structural reform we executed in the fourth quarter in the previous year, in the previous
 fiscal year.
 I want to profit.
 has been raised up.
 H&N actually increased 12.5 million. Major factors for that. In the third quarter previous year,
 we had in the sales of almost 2.4 billion yen and also the rechargeable
 the royalty cost being 5.1 billion yen. And with the COVID-19 going on, there has been
 Then the price increase and the distribution cost.
 well of course on the Japanese hand becoming a cheap one actually on the
 up $5.3 billion. All in all, it is going to be a $14.1 billion improvement in the Hanuk
 profit.
 I will explain our focus for the full-air consolidated performance.
 As I said, this is in the outset, with the actuals and up until the third quarter, and
 in light of the orders we have received in the latest and quarter.
 We revised and upward our last numbers we announced back in November, November the 1st.
 So, we made this revision again.
 Full-air nanosales is now 1 trillion 850 billion yen.
 income 160 billion yen income before income taxes now 168 billion yen that
 That income is now 113 billion yen.
 As for the cells, demand for non-passive components, particularly for autumn and industrial equipments.
 and also known for the rechargeable batteries, demand for smartphones or
 turned out to be much faster than we had expected.
 So, these are the reasons why we wanted to actually make the upper revision as for the
 operating income.
 to and grow on the profit.
 time to increase the sales.
 also expecting to have one time cost of 9 billion yen for the consolidation of
 locations as well as the cells disposition of acids and that is being expected in the
 fourth quarter. We expect to have one time cost of tax around 17 billion yen
 about that is distributed in the fourth quarter.
 So with this in fact is in place and we are happy to announce that we made these revisions.
 for all the ear and dividend and capex and depreciation, amortization and
 out of the cost, there has been no change since the last time announcement.
 This concludes Maxwell Nation.
 Thank you indeed for your kind attention.