 Hey, thanks, Jim.
 Good morning, everyone.
 The four quarter wrapped up another year of solid growth and complimented our nearly
 8% organic tenant billings growth with well-positioned acquisitions and newly-constructed sites
 adding over 45,000 new sites during the year.
 In addition, we exceeded our deleveraging targets
 while continuing strong growth in our dividend.
 As Leah highlighted, we once more post a double-digit growth
 across our key financial metrics,
 both in Q4 and for the full year.
 And as Jim just mentioned, what was achieved
 is just the latest example of our long track record
 of generating this type of growth.
 Looking ahead, we believe we're a well-positioned for another successful year in 2017.
 But before we get to the next slide, I want to thank you for joining us.
 Thank you.
 to the details of our 2017 expectations, let's quickly recap our operating results for
 2016.
 Please turn to slide 8.
 They drove double-digit organic tenant buildings growth internationally in 2016 and had another
 They're a solid activity in the U.S.
 right in line with our expectations.
 This growth was supported by a record quarter
 of new business commencements in Q4.
 Our U.S. property segment revenue growth for the year
 was about 6.7%, which included a negative 1.3% impact
 from non-cash straight line revenue recognition.
 U.S. Organic Tenant Billings Growth,
 matched our expectations, it's 5.8%,
 reflecting a slight acceleration in the back half of the year.
 Volume growth from co-locations and amendments contributed about 4.5 percent, while pricing
 escalators contributed about 3%.
 This was partially offset by churn of about 1.7% on an annualized basis, of which just
 The 30 basis points was associated with operational churn from the big four wireless carrier
 core networks.
 And trends in the U.S. remains steady, with carriers' activity actively spending to augment
 the coverage and capacity of their 4G networks.
 The international organic kind of billings growth was more than double that of the U.S.
 coming in at about 13-and-a-half percent on a consolidated basis.
 With all three international segments growing between 13 and 14 percent.
 This was the seventh consecutive quarter of Double-Digit International Organic Tenant
 billings growth supported by significant network spending by tenants across our portfolio.
 pricing escalators driven by local CPI indices contributed about 6.9 percent to that growth
 and volumes from co-locations and amendments drove an even greater contribution at 7.7%.
 Other run-rate items contributed an additional 30 basis points.
 This was partially offset by churn of about 1.4%.
 Additionally, our organic tenant buildings growth rate
 was elevated by about 30 basis points due to organic new business commencements on the
 The end.
 Our large multinational tenant base continues to make significant investments in their networks.
 is access to advanced handsets become more attainable to an increasing proportion of
 customer base.
 Additionally, these network investments appear to be catalyzing incremental usage.
 as the quality of the mobile experience continues to improve.
 These trends, along with our high quality asset base, once again led to strong international
 in 2016.
 on the interorganic side, the day one revenue associated
 with the over 45,000 sites we added
 over the course of the last year.
 including the Viome portfolio.
 contributed another 15% to our global tenant billings growth.
 Our new build program also remained active, and we constructed over 1,800 towers globally
 this year with an average day one NOI yield of about 10%.
 to slide nine, we also generated strong margin performance
 suggested EBITDA and consolidated AFFO growth for the year.
 Our gross margin percentage was over 69%,
 despite a negative 11% impact from past two revenue,
 in addition of approximately 45,000 new initially lower margin sites.
 Cash SG&A as a percentage of revenue declined 70 basis points from 2015 levels to 7.9 percent.
 And as a result, we generated a full year adjusted even margin of just over 61%, which
 which would have been about 10% higher,
 excluding the impact of new sites and past them.
 In fact, if you were to exclude just the impact
 the past two over the last three years,
 or just an even margin would have been essentially flat.
 despite adding almost 80,000 new sites over that time.
 demonstrating the significant margin expansion
 on our legacy assets.
 We also generated double digit consolidated AFFO and AFFO
 for share growth for the ninth consecutive year.
 Consolidated AFFO grew by nearly 16 percent, and AFFO per share grew by over 14 percent
 to $5.80, while AFFO, attributable to common stockholders,
 grew over 13% or nearly 12% on a pre-share basis.
 Notably, both consolidated AFFO and AFFO per share
 exceeded the high end of our previously issued outlook.
 and outpaced our initial outlook provided last February
 by about four percent.
 Turning to slide 10, let's now take a look at our expectations for 2017.
 At the midpoint of our outlook, we are projecting property revenue growth of over 10 percent
 to $6.3 billion.
 This includes a negative impact of about 1.3%
 from the expected year-over-year decrease
 non-care straight line revenue, as well as a negative 70 basis point impact from the
 and non-recurrence of approximately $39 million of U.S. decommissioning revenue realized
 in 2016.
 We expect consolidated tenant billings to increase by over 12% for roughly $590 million
 in 2017, driven by organic 10-billings growth of 7% to 8%.
 In addition, revenue growth associated with pass-through revenue, non-cash straight-line
 So another non-run rate revenue is expected to be offset by our forecasted impacts associated
 with foreign exchange fluctuations.
 Therefore, all in total property revenues expected to increase by just under $600 million.
 expect strong organic growth in 2017 from both our U.S. and international businesses.
 These expectations are predicated on our sizable new business pipeline in our view that the
 positive demand trends underlying our 2016 growth will continue in 2017.
 In fact, in the U.S., we actually expect organic tenant buildings on a dollar basis to increase
 by more than 15%, resulting in the re-acceleration of our U.S. organic tenant billings growth
 rate to approximately 6% for the year.
 This reflects our expectation of an increase in co-location and amendment activity across
 the portfolio. I would also like to make clear that we have not yet included any material
 leasing expectations from the ongoing incentive options, nor any potential impact from person
 at deployments in our current outlook.
 In our international markets, we're projecting organic tenant billings growth of around 10
 That's all I have to say.
 which includes nearly 30% increase in lease commencements
 from that realized in 2016.
 while pricing growth from escalations
 is expected to climb approximately 200 basis points
 from the prior year to about 5%.
 This is due to a few factors, including subdued inflation rates, primarily in Brazil, where
 the currency is stabilized, our U.S. dollar-based contract in Nigeria, which provides us a natural
 currency edge, but includes U.S.-based escalation provisions, and our larger Indian business,
 which is fixed escalators around 2 to 3%.
 Finally, churn for 2017 is expected to be just over 2% nationally, which includes the
 assumption of higher churn in India driven by carrier consolidation.
 We remain encouraged about our growth prospects in markets like Mexico where we expect double
 digital growth to continue, even without factoring in any contribution from a new wholesale network
 deployment.
 expected to begin in late 2017, and in Brazil, where there have been some macroeconomic challenges,
 We are seeing indications of stabilization and potential for a re-acceleration in carrier
 spend. In fact, we realized record-setting levels of new commitments in Brazil in Q4.
 in Latin America as a whole,
 We expect organic tenant billings growth
 of around 11% in 2017.
 down from 2016, primarily as a result of the lower CBI-based escalators, again, most notably
 in Brazil.
 Growth in our AMA region is expected to step down from about 14 percent in 2016 to around
 10% in 2017.
 On a dollar basis, we expect volume from colocations
 and amendments to be consistent with 2016 levels.
 expect them to be more weighted to the second half of the year compared to 2016 where we
 commencements waited more to the first half.
 In addition, our Nigerian assets have a natural currency head, with over 50% of their tenant
 is indexed to the U.S. dollar with a corresponding U.S. CPI indexed escalator, given the recent
 volatility and Nigeria's currency, we believe this is a favorable component to de-risk our
 business even though it reduces growth in the country compared to what we would
 and achieved with local inflationary based pricing escalators.
 Meanwhile, we continue to expect solid tenant demand and growth in India.
 In fact, we expect volume growth from new placations and amendments to be nearly 10 percent, which
 reflects the impact new business agreement signed late last in 2016 as well as strong
 new business pipeline. While setting a portion of this growth is an elevated level of potential
 churn, which we expect will reduce revenue growth by around 5%, primarily as a result
 of the ongoing carrier consolidation activity in the market.
 while it creates a near-term headwind,
 We view consolidation as a long-term structural positive
 for the market, and in the future we expect stronger,
 well-capitalized tenants to support an industry
 where wireless competition can be incrementally more
 And as we've said previously, India has always been a market where we expected a long cycle
 of consolidation, while the long-term opportunity remains strong.
 So to summarize, we expect another year of double-digit international organic tenant
 Billings growth as a result of increased levels of co-location and amendment activity in our
 international markets in 2017, despite lower CPI-based escalators and some increased churn
 assumptions.
 Moving on to slide 11, we expect another solid year of growth and adjusted EBITDA and consolidated
 and FFO for share.
 Our adjusted EBITDA is expected to grow.
 Why about 9% for the year?
 cash SG&A as a percent of total revenue is, again,
 expected to be under 8%.
 Despite adding France and Argentina to our footprint,
 as well as increased spending on IT system upgrades
 in the U.S.
 Our consolidated adjusted EBITDA margin for the years expected to be down around 1% from
 from 2016 levels, but actually up from the prior year,
 excluding the negative impacts of pass-through
 in the year, over a year, 72 million decline
 in that straight line.
 the margin is also being negatively impacted
 by the full year inclusion of the ViyaM portfolio in 2017,
 as well as the non-recurrence of about $39 million in 2016
 commissioning revenue in the U.S. We expect our legacy business, exclusive of the items
 as I just mentioned.
 It actually drives margin expansion of around 90 basis points in 2017 as compared to the
 last year.
 Meanwhile, Consolidated AFFO and Consolidated AFFO for share growth are both expected to
 to be over 10% for the year.
 In addition to our operational efficiency,
 This reflects our active balance sheet management.
 We expect consolidated AFFO for share in 2017 to be $6.40 at the midpoint of our outlook.
 reflect the expected resumption of our share repurchase program in the near term.
 Relative to AFS impacts, we've used our historical approach to forecast the impacts of currency
 fluctuations. If the spot rates to Friday held for the balance of the year, our AFO
 forecast would increase by about $38 million or about $0.09 per share.
 As you can see on slide 12, our outlook for total 2017 capital expenditures is $850 million
 is $850 million at the midpoint.
 This includes $160 million in non-discretionary capex.
 primarily related to site maintenance.
 the remaining six hundred ninety million dollars or so
 is related to discretionary cat-backs, including about $160 million for new site construction.
 During 2017, we expect to build around 3,000 sites,
 primarily in our international markets,
 around 1,000 more than we built in 2016.
 as a result of ongoing charity or investment,
 We expect new site construction to accelerate
 compared to the prior year across nearly all of our international markets, particularly
 in India, Mexico, and Brazil.
 Historically, sites we've constructed in our international markets have delivered highly
 favorable returns, with our most mature vintage of built sites now delivering NOI yields of
 approximately 38%.
 Even on sites we've built since 2014,
 and OI yields are already in the mid-teens.
 We expect that price constructed during 2017 will deliver similar returns over time and
 and further enhance the growth and yield of our global asset base.
 in 2013, you can see that we're entering 2017 with a tremendous amount of financial
 flexibility.
 During 2017, we expect to generate cash from operations in excess of the $2.7 billion we
 generated in 2016 and expect to have around $900 million in incremental debt capacity
 to maintain current leverage levels.
 As a result, we expect to have more than $3.5 billion available to deploy during the year,
 Applying a 20% growth rate to our 2016 common stock dividend results in a projected payout
 of about $1.1 billion in 2017, subject to our board's discretion.
 We also expect to spend about $87 million on preferred dividends and about $850 million
 and CapEx with just $160 million of that being non-discretionary.
 Additionally, earlier this month, we deployed around $500 million to fund our acquisition
 of FDS towers.
 After accounting for these items,
 we expect to have over a billion dollars of excess cash available to be either re-invested
 back into the business or returned to shareholders.
 given the expected strong growth in our business
 over the long term, driven by the secular trends
 in the global wireless industry and result in 10 investments needed to support that growth,
 believe our stock is fundamentally undervalued today.
 accordingly, given the increasing opportunity
 that buying back shares currently offers
 potentially compared to our other options, we would expect to re-engage our share repurchase
 program shortly.
 As always, we continue to evaluate acquisitions, and the event those opportunities offer a
 a better strategic and long-term FFO accretion profile,
 we would adjust the pacing of our repurchases to accommodate.
 In either case, we expect to utilize
 substantial expected excess cash to create value for our shareholders.
 Moving on to slide 14, we expect to utilize our financial flexibility, discipline, capital
 allocation strategy to drive growth and improve yields across the business.
 As you can see, our track record speaks for itself.
 We have significantly increased our acid base since 2012.
 Positioning us as the global leader in our industry.
 while continuing to invest in our existing business
 and fund our growing common stock dividend,
 which has more than doubled since its inception in 2012,
 Our Discipline Investment Methodology has enabled us to expand and diversify our asset
 base across key wireless markets around the globe, resulting in sustained growth and key
 key financial metrics including significant recurring free cash flow generation.
 slide 15, and in summary, we generated strong operating results in 2016, highlighted by our
 seventh year of double-digit growth in property revenue and adjusted EBITDA, and our ninth
 consecutive year in double-digit growth and consolidated AFFO
 for share.
 At the same time,
 we
 enhanced our company's long-term strategic positioning
 and key markets through selective acquisitions.
 While reducing our SG&A is a percentage of revenue to under 8% and growing our common
 stock dividend by about 20%.
 In 2017, we are focused on strategic priorities which support our vision of being the premier
 independent owner, operator, and developer of communications real estate globally, while
 continuing to drive strong financial results.
 expect to evaluate a creative investment opportunities, explore additional avenues to drive future
 and use our significant internally generated investment capacity to do so.
 We've expanded our presence to currently 15 countries, having substantive scale and
 significant capability to adeptly serve the biggest
 global telecom companies in the largest free market democracies in both developed and
 and emerging markets around the globe.
 Operationally, we remain focused on efficiently integrating our new assets while driving
 growth across our existing asset base and leveraging the scale we built across our global
 business to drive expanding margins and growing cash flow.
 We are well positioned to support our customers as new technologies and networks are deployed,
 particularly in the U.S., with the potential first net opportunity, as well as in Mexico
 with the awarding of a new wholesale network buildup which could provide upside to our
 plan.
 Further, we are now back within our target leverage range in a substantially increased
 financial flexibility to pursue large and creative acquisition opportunities and
 and resume our share repurchase program.
 As a result, we expect to drive strong total shareholder returns, both in 2017 and the
 as we continue to define solid underlying growth in our business with an increasing yield.
 And with that, I'll turn the coal over to the operator so we can take some Q&A.
 Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you'd like to ask a question, please press start then zero and an operator will take your name and give you further instructions.
 I mean, the growth is about 37% in the market, and the organic kind of billing's growth is
 and the kind of the international growth is 10 percent,
 Now, India is probably in the 8% to 10% range.
 No, no, that includes, that includes a term.
 that the actual co-element growth is 10%.
 Right, okay, good.
 Well, I mean, it's difficult to say, you know, if you take a look at the major consolidation
 that we've...
 going on right now with the major carriers, and even those that are rumored, you know,
 You know, it's probably upwards of 10,000 tendencies over a couple of year period, two
 three-year period for us and so you know that could be upwards of say 1% of consolidated
 revenue?
 probably in those and it's very difficult to predict you know we have locking periods for all those carriers as well
 So it's really difficult to predict if there's going to be settlements along the way or if
 like the extensions or how that will impact.
 You know, as we've said all along, we take a look at this major consolidation that goes
 around the globe and we've got a lot of experience within the U.S. We've always found in the
 U.S. with the major consolidation. It's actually been a net positive for us. Its carriers are
 building their networks and positioning and integrating
 their business.
 And in India, there's such significant growth.
 We talked about the new built-to-suit programs that we have.
 We're building 150 to 200 sites there a month over the last couple of years, and so when
 take a look at the amount of kind of white space in the market and just in terms of coverage
 issues that they have, and now where the prices are of handsets and the new spectrum that's
 is being deployed in the market.
 You know, we're really bullish in terms of the type of growth we're going to see going
 forward.
 It will go to impact what the churn is.
 I know what the overlap is, if you will, between the carriers, but it's difficult to predict
 just how much of that will actually result in churn.
 Yeah, hey John, it's Tom, you know, in terms of the new asset billings, don't forget to
 But last year, we had an additional quarter rolling over from 2015 of the Verizon portfolio.
 So that's what really drove a lot of the new asset billings last year.
 I mean, this year we'll continue with our build program and we'll probably build, you
 50-60 sites, if you will.
 So that will be the major contributor of new asset billings, as well as the site build
 that we did last year that they're rolling over into 2017.
 That's a reason for that particular decline.
 Your second question, again, was no, absolutely not.
 I mean, the escalator assumptions could continue to be right around that 3%.
 Remember, from an overall waiting perspective,
 They declined slightly as a result of the escalator that was underwritten in the large
 a portfolio horizon, so that drove it to the overall down a little bit, but the overall
 overall is righted with 3% dollars.
 We have very few that this question before as well mentioned, you know, less than 5%
 of our sites actually are CPI based in the United States, so 95% of them are on fixed
 escalators of some type.
 You know, first of all, it's the facts of our pipeline and the conversations we've
 with all our customers in terms of their expected activity for 2017.
 Then it's just the ongoing expectations of that 30% to 40% growth in data traffic and
 unlimited plans and all the things that Jim talked about in his piece and answering the
 question just not too long ago. So it's all of those breath that are really
 driving that increased demand, as I said, underpinned by what we physically have in the office
 in terms of driving new Kolo and amended business,
 which is really what's driving the activity clearly in 2017,
 We expect about a 15% growth, as I mentioned,
 on my prepared remarks, relative to increase
 and Colo's amendments as compared to 2016
 in an organic tentative building.
 So that's really what's driving the growth.
 Yeah, sure.
 last year is the capped X budgets are actually deployed by the carriers there's
 We're still a slightly more back half-loaded deployment and activity for tower companies
 These are our cells included.
 I don't know if it's that significant.
 It's probably pretty even, but I would suspect that there's a slightly more back-off loading.
 I think in certain markets, as I mentioned, in the media, for example, you know, outside
 the United States, we're going to see a little bit more back half loading than front half
 loading that we had last year, which is partially driving what the client is in the tenant
 billing growth and relative to FPS, it's in the $55 million range for revenue and $40-45
 $5 million for EBITDA.
 Your next question comes from the line of Amir.
 Let me answer that one, you know, we have a very disciplined capital allocation process
 within the business. We've talked about that before. I mean, it's all math. You know, it's
 where we're gonna be generating the most value
 on an NPV basis, as well as an ongoing basis from an AFFO
 or accretion perspective.
 So we'll continue to evaluate transactions on a global basis.
 There is a lot of activity.
 no doubt around the globe.
 We're very selective when we're looking at those particular acquisitions.
 And as I mentioned in my markets, I do believe that our stock is fundamentally undervalued
 And so I think it affords us an opportunity, given the position that we're now in with
 with that additional financial flexibility to flex our muscles a little bit and to go
 go into the market and as you recall, you know, prior to the two large transactions
 in the United States.
 We were.
 even though we were paying a growing dividend,
 We were still active in the market in terms of buying back shares.
 those two acquisitions, it took our leverage up into the five-and-a-half-plus range and
 And so it was very important for us to get that back down south of Phi, which is where
 are today.
 And that affords us the opportunity to really look at that program as well as continually
 to look at acquisitions.
 So we'll continue using the approach that we've used
 You take a look at the results, I think the record kind of speaks for itself, and we'll
 to use that model going forward.
 Thanks.
 Simon, on the buyback, it's really difficult to say just how much is going to be used in
 2007.
 Simon, on the buyback, it's really difficult to say just how much is going to be used in
 17 relative to buying back shares, you know, we will put our typical process in place and
 run programs throughout the year, and depending upon where the volume of the share is, we'll
 –
 We'll pick it up.
 the pacing, and it will also, as I said, it's an end.
 and we'll continue to look at M&A throughout the year and to the extent that we determine
 that there's an M&A opportunity out there that's strategic and is more creative than
 buying back shares, then that will probably prove to be the spot where we will be investing
 the cash.
 difficult to say exactly I can tell you that hopefully in short or what we'll
 We'll have that program going back on, and we'll continue to be able to reinvest back
 in the business and return cash back to shareholders wherever we can create the most value.
 Sure, you know on the SDNA question, I mean we continue to drive that down and take a look at the legacy business
 I mean, there's continued improvement in the overall SDNAs, a percentage of revenue this
 In this particular year we also have bringing on people in Argentina and people bringing
 on in France was probably about 200, 300 people between the two markets, as well as I mentioned
 before we're making some incremental IT investments
 in our ERMs in the United States.
 If you take a look at our conversion ratios, when you pull out a straight line, or not
 straight line, pass-through revenue, you're up in it, at the gross margin level, you're
 You're up in the 90% range, and at the EBITDA level,
 you're up in the 80% range.
 So, you know, given that kind of conversion ratio
 on our legacy business, you would expect to see
 Some sizable, I think, reductions in overall SG&A
 as a percentage of revenue.
 What we continue to do is we continue to walk into God at the same time so we continue
 to invest back into the business, to be able to drive growth, to create a long-term sustainable
 passed for our shareholders.
 But I think if you take a look at the,
 even one of the charts that we had
 and the PowerPoint presentation today.
 You can see the kind of incremental SCNA margin that's being driven in the business and that's
 largely through, you know, a reduction in SDNA as a percentage of revenue.
 Hey, we take a look at, you know, Michael just looking at the total property revenue versus
 is AFFO for sure. First of all, it's our goal. I mean, it's our objective to have double-digit
 as a whole for share growth going forward.
 I mean, that's what really is driving our business
 and the investments that we're making in the business.
 I think if you take a look at 17 versus 16,
 You can take a look at a pass-through revenue, for example.
 I think the increase in pass-by revenue is just as a result of bringing on the additional
 quarter of a volume is probably driving that property revenue
 words.
 to driving nor AFFO for shares.
 So that could be one of the reconciling items
 to be able to connect.