 Good morning and welcome to the SQM Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
 All participants will be in listen-only mode.
 Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero.
 After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 To ask a question, you may press star, then one on your touchtone phone.
 Again, that is star than one to ask a question.
 To withdraw your question, please press star, then 2.
 Please note this event is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Irina Axanoba, Investor Relations.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Grant.
 Good morning.
 and its conference call.
 This conference call will be recorded and is being broadcast live.
 Following this call, you will be able to access the webcast at our website, www.fqm.com.
 and express relief.
 presentation with a summary of the results have been uploaded to our
 website where you can also find a link to the webcast.
 Today will be Ricardo Ramos, Chief Executive Officer, Gerardo Elianiz, Chief Financial Officer, and Pablo Artemiris, Commercial Vice-President, Letium and IDI Business.
 He will be available to help answer any questions following the prepared remarks.
 Before we begin, let me remind you that statements and it's
 conference concerning the company's business outlook, future economic performances, anticipated
 the company's business outlook.
 revenue, expenses, or other financial items, anticipated cost energy and product or service
 line growth.
 together with other statements that are not historical facts
 or forward-looking statements, as that term is defined on the Federal Security Sloan.
 Any forward-looking statements,
 reporting statements are estimates, reflecting the best judgment of F2M based on current
 information.
 information and involve a number of
 risk, uncertainties, and other factors that could cause actual results to defend materially
 from theirs stated in such statements, including our ability to successfully implement a sustainable
 development class. Basics on certainties and factors that could affect the accuracy of
 .
 are identified in our public findings made with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
 and in our earnings release issued yesterday.
 and this forward-looking statement should be considered in light of those factors.
 Resume no obligation to update such statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise, except as required by law.
 I now leave you with our Chief Executive Officer, Ricardo Ramos.
 Thank you, Dina, and good morning, and thank you for joining the call today.
 Our earnings during the third quarter of 2021 were significantly higher than earnings reported
 during the same period last year.
 These results were driven by considerably higher sales volumes and prices across almost
 all our business lives.
 We continue seeing very positive market conditions in all of the markets in which we participate.
 The non-inlithium market is exceeding our previous expectations.
 The airline market has recovered from the pandemic faster than anticipated, while we
 We are also seeing a positive trend in the fertilizer markets.
 that the lithium market demand should grow close to 50% this year, driven by strong sales
 of electric vehicles in all relevant markets, especially in China and Europe.
 The capacity expansions we have been working on are allowing us to grow even more than
 the market.
 18 hours reach close to 100,000 metric tons
 calling C-FIA.
 By the middle of next year, our expansion to 180,000 metric tons should be ready, allowing
 us to keep on growing our sales volumes.
 This accelerating lithium market growth is pressuring prices.
 At the same time, the contracts we signed last year are expiring.
 This allows us to expect an average sales price higher than $12,000 per metric ton due
 This is the fourth quarter.
 I'm proud of you.
 probably even higher during the first quarter next year.
 In the meanwhile, the IUD market demand has already reached the pre-pandemic levels.
 This quick recovery has had a positive impact on prices as supply has not been able to respond.
 We are now expecting total sales in 2021,
 around 12.5 thousand metric tons
 with average sales prices increasing from prices seen over the past few quarters.
 As we are working on expanding our ironing capacity, we expect to ramp up additional
 metric tons in the beginning of 2023 followed by approximately 2.5 thousand metric tons in 2024.
 all part of our early announced growth plan.
 We have seen some very interesting developments in the fertilizer markets globally.
 Supply has been impacted by export restrictions and logistic interruption.
 The spot prices for both potash and potassium nitrate fertilizer have reached levels not
 seen in more than a decade.
 We now expect our potassium and potassium nitrate average prices to reach almost $700
 dollars and over
 $5,000 for magic.
 respectively, during the fourth quarter this year.
 Considering all the positive factors, we now anticipate a record performance during the
 fourth quarter this year
 with a significantly higher EBTA.
 We remain confident in our ability to deliver future growth while continuing to operate
 in a sustainable way, creating value for our customers, communities and all our stockholders.
 We can now open the line for questions.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 To ask a question, you may press star then one on your touchtone phone.
 If you're using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys.
 To withdraw your question, please press star then 2.
 At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster.
 Thank you.
 Our first question today comes from Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets.
 Please go ahead.
 Ricardo, I'm going to ask a few questions one by one.
 Can we look into your production for next year for lithium?
 and you've got to 120 already, LCE, you'll get to 180 some point next year.
 what do you think will be your ability
 for production next year
 and what do you think of your level of sales?
 presumably you want to build some inventory
 but what could be your maximum production or maximum sales next year?
 Okay. Hi, Dylan.
 Ricardo Ramos speaking now
 about production
 A total production does mean that we are ramped up to 180.
 due to next year
 it's reasonable
 to expect a production
 in the 140,000 Magic Tone 6 here.
 Maybe it's going to be just a little bit higher than that,
 about 140 were my best estimates today of the total lithium and lithium
 oxide total production in Chile.
 about sales volumes
 Pablo
 what's your opinion
 Yeah. Hello, Joe.
 Well, our idea is to continue growing according to the demand.
 If we consider that we expect a growth for the next year of demand between 20% or 30%,
 we expect to grow our sales in that same person's budget.
 Okay.
 Now, I appreciate your pricing guidance.
 And now, you know, when I look at October Chilean customs data, your pricing in October seems well less than $12,000.
 and you're going to average about $12,000, you say, for the quarter.
 so I want to know
 you know, if you expect to play so much more volume next year, and presumably you're now
 pricing volumes now for next year
 like you're pricing volume, pricing ahead for next year.
 How much, you know, how much are your pricing?
 How much of your volume in 2022 are you locking in now?
 or we expect to lock in by Christmas, let's say.
 And would you expect that pricing, that any pricing you're locking in now for 22, is at all above 12,000?
 Okay.
 Okay. Well, you know that today we're in the middle of the negotiation for polios for the next year.
 however what I can say
 because you already know that we have secured and locked the contract.
 But still for the next year we have, and we need to negotiate closely to the 80% of our total sales for the next year.
 is open to discussions with our customers.
 So that's the percent that's in total volume that is open for the next year.
 So right now, today, 80% of your anticipated volume next year is open.
 Is that what you're saying?
 today for the next year
 Okay, 20% is already negotiated and then different kind of contract with our customers.
 And 80% is still open to the conditions that we need to discuss with our customers.
 Okay, and I appreciate that.
 And we can all see spot pricing from different Chinese and Asian benchmarks, be it $20,000 on carbon, $20,000 on carbon, $25,000 on carbon.
 are those real prices that you can achieve at scale in the market for 2022 or is the answer
 you know it's much less
 than $25,000, or it's much more than $12,000, like help us understand how real some of those
 prices are we see in the 20s for real volume, real large volume like you offer.
 You know that always is a noisy question regarding prices, but what we need to remember
 is that depending on what you negotiate with your customers,
 It means shorter contract, longer contract, depending on the quality of the product, if
 If they go to battery applications, industrial applications, then you have different prices.
 today is that because of the huge demand of lithium and lack of supply, the spot prices
 But it doesn't mean that we will see these kind of prices for the average price because,
 Again, it's depending on the conditions that we negotiate with each customer.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question comes from Ben Isaacson with Scotiabank.
 please go ahead. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I hope everyone's doing well.
 I'll ask a few questions one by one, if that's okay.
 I guess the first question is just to extend off of Joel's question.
 You talked about 20% of 2022 volume is negotiated already and 80% is open.
 Can you just talk about the shape of that 80%?
 How much of that 80% should be contracted by the end of this year?
 and how do those contracts get renegotiated
 in each of the next kind of four or five quarters.
 you know, are they all calendar 2022 contracts that will be negotiated before January 1st,
 or is it on a kind of continuous basis, some are short-term, some are long-term?
 Can you just give some more color in terms of when we expect that 80% to be contracted?
 Okay, well, it is a difficult question because we are under negotiation.
 for sure that we know that
 when you are selling this amount of lithium, we need to secure that amount.
 but again also it's up to it
 I mean every customer.
 Some customers, I mean, the rest of the 80% then will be a combination of closed, short-term
 closed.
 And for sure, something that we are looking for, if we are able to sign good contracts,
 We are also thinking to say laws and contras.
 Normally, when you sign a locked contract, the negotiation process is longer than when you negotiate a shorter contract.
 So at the end, everything will depend how fast we can do that with our customers.
 So today I cannot really give you an exact number of how much of those contracts we will make.
 Anyhow, we are very close to the end of the year.
 So for sure that I expect that by the end of the year, at least the first quarter should
 be, you know, really negotiating with our customers.
 will 100% be finished by the end of Q1?
 I cannot say 100%, huh?
 but most of it should be finished by the end of Q1.
 Is that right?
 I mean, just based on the timing of the previous contracts and when they expire.
 Is that fair to say?
 But again, I mean, it depends.
 It's a dynamic market, but for sure, because of the period of the year that we have today,
 By the end of the year, we should have an important percentage already negotiated for Q1.
 Okay, that's helpful. Thank you for that. Next question is on iodine.
 You guys have tried different strategies over the years, sometimes volume, sometimes price, with mixed success on the price side and the volume side has been very successful.
 Now we're getting above $35, or that's the direction that we're going per kilogram.
 And if I remember correctly, that's kind of the point in which you start to see the economics look attractive for marginal producers in Chile to come online.
 Is that what you want?
 do you want to see higher prices or is that getting a little bit dangerous
 that you could see new capacity coming on.
 Can you kind of run us through what that debate looks like and kind of what your opinion is?
 Okay, well, you know that in the industry we need to consider different things.
 So one of them is ITERIMAL.
 You know that this year the recovery of the demand will be higher than expected, close
 to 12%.
 Then we need to consider the answer of the supply, so at the end everything will depend
 of the behavior of the different players in the supply side.
 In that regard, what we have seen is not a – I mean, we have not seen enough response
 the supply
 in order to be able to supply all the demand that is today in the market.
 So, price is a result of the supply and demand, and everything will depend on how the different
 players react with the supply plans in order to accomplish the demand that we have.
 Just two more quick ones for me.
 When you look at each of your business segments,
 Can you talk about costs of production, whether it's iodine or NOP or potash
 or whatever it may be, and how that's been impacted by inflation,
 cost inflation of raw materials, of labor, of energy.
 Are you seeing that already or is that something that we should expect and be modeling for over the next few quarters?
 Ben, Ricardo Ramos speaking.
 If you review our numbers during the first three quarters of this year, you see a cost
 was slightly higher during the third quarter than compared to the previous quarters.
 I think that course costs today are affected by the exchange rate, for example, the exchange
 rate in Chile are affected by the increased cost of raw material, a significant increase
 cost of raw materials on our production process.
 additional cost of the energy, as you may know. Contractors, of course, the contractors
 They reflect the exchange rate, the increased cost of our materials, the energy, everything.
 Plus, we have some extraordinary costs in the last, I don't know, 18 months, related
 the COVID-19 pandemic that affected some way over cost.
 I think that's pretty reflective, some of it, yes.
 it will be some additional probably cause
 Does the situation of the raw materials and energy continue during the next few quarters?
 Yes. I think that we are doing the right thing in order to increase productivity, to increase
 the yields of our process in order to control the cost allocation, but so far we are seeing
 it.
 of product producers in the world is increased cost that has been affecting our production
 in the last two or three quarters.
 Great.
 And then very last question, if I may.
 last quarter you said that lithium
 demand was looking like it was going to be up 40 percent. And next year was, you know, you were
 thinking of around 20%.
 Now you're saying, look,
 demand is going to be up 50% this year, and that makes sense.
 but the question is
 Is that 50%, is that taking away some of the demand?
 Are we seeing some demand acceleration getting pulled from 2022?
 or do you think 2022 will still be 20
 or potentially even stronger.
 and then maybe as a follow-up
 How do you think 25 will look?
 Are we still looking like it'll exceed 1 million tons or could it be a little bit higher?
 Okay, Ben, we need to remember that it's important the base for where we are starting in 2020.
 We know that the demand was lower because of the crisis, so that explains why we have
 growth this year.
 and we are going from 40% to 50% because what we have seen with electric vehicles,
 Today it's been very good and very positive.
 Actually, today, our forecast is a total save.
 if the year sales will be between 6.3 or 6.6 million, which is bigger than what one expected.
 That's the same.
 Another thing, because we need to consider that some part of the legion that we demand
 today is for the cars that we produce next year.
 Also, we are
 we have
 a more positive view
 on the road of the next year
 when I said to you
 between 20% or 30%.
 That's you.
 a little bit bigger than the view that we had before.
 So we have some very positive outcomes, at least in the short term.
 You got it in 2025?
 Well, we have different scenarios.
 Our base scenario is one million.
 of LCA, which is bigger to some indications that we gave a sun a month ago, and still
 we are working and of course that we are following up the market and potentially we could see
 It's very research, but today we remain our view of the one million.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question comes from Golihern Paharne with Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking my questions.
 There are two questions, actually.
 The first one on the iodine business, if you could share a bit of the impacts of the fire
 data took place in one of your plants, and what was the impact in terms of cost during
 this quarter.
 And the second question on the fertilizer business,
 If you could share a bit in terms of the pricing that we are seeing on the marketplace and what do you expect going forward for the next year as well.
 Thank you.
 Hello Guillermo, Ricardo Ramos speaking.
 First of all, the fire we had in our facilities in the north three months ago, I think.
 The impact in production was not more than 40 tons because most of the production were
 moving forward in the next month.
 And finally, about the cost, yes, we had some additional cost probably in the range of $200,000.
 dollars.
 Arrangement means the improvement of the facility, replacement of equipment, but in the $200,000-$250,000 total cost involved in the fire.
 That's why it was not so relevant, and we are taking all the measures that this kind
 I know the situation will not happen again.
 It's very important.
 It's a significant issue for us having a part in the facility.
 and that's why we are in detail the situation
 and now we're better prepared for this kind of situation.
 fertilizers
 It's difficult to give you an outlook after the fourth quarter.
 We know now that fourth quarter, it's very unusual.
 price levels that we are observing price levels that have not been recorded in previous years.
 As I mentioned to you, we are reaching $700 per tonne in the potash, close to $1,000 in
 I do not have a long-term view.
 It's important today.
 It's important to consider that in the potash industry,
 we are relatively small.
 Current prices that we have today reflect, I think, a temporary supply and demand situation.
 Good news, in my opinion, is that the demand of the potash industry remains very strong.
 that is associated with the better practice of agriculture products.
 On the other hand, these logistical difficulties of equipment push the prices up.
 It is very difficult for us to project prices for next year.
 Definitely.
 weather is going to be very strong and the situation is very difficult to predict in
 the long-term.
 Anyway, it's important to consider that the case of potassium nitrogen is different from
 in the case of potassium chlorate,
 All the specialty fertilizers are less volatile.
 However, although it's less volatility, they follow in some way the trend of portage prices.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question comes from Corinne Blanchard with Deutsche Bank.
 Please go ahead.
 Hey, good morning, Neville.
 and most of my question
 I've been on so, but there's just a few,
 for a couple of
 follow-up question.
 and the first one on potassium.
 And so you raised 2021 volume guidance to close to 900 kilo ton, which imply a significant catch-up in 4Q.
 So if you could just comment on that catch-up for 4Q.
 And also, how should we be thinking in terms of volume for 2022?
 Like, given the market condition, do you still expect volume to decrease,
 and would you expect maybe a volume to stay close to 800 or 900 for next year?
 Thank you.
 speaking. Of course, due to the fact that the prices are extremely good in STEM, our
 a very unique price environment today, we are doing our best in order to increase the
 volumes during fourth quarter.
 in some inventories and so on in order to increase the volume
 duty for scoring.
 That's why, probably, if you put the numbers together,
 Their total volume is close to 300,000 metric tons.
 It's a very strong number we expect to deliver during one quarter.
 just an even lower probably depending
 the cheapest is
 sometimes you have a delay of one or two
 achievements from fourth quarter to first quarter
 you don't know yet
 because it will be decided
 at the end of the month
 depending the conditions at the port but anyway it's going to be a really strong quarter because
 the price condition, we try to push everything forward.
 About next year, I don't have now a forecast of volume spotage.
 Remember that we have a potage production in the Salar de la Gama,
 and we use some of the potage, most of the potage in the production of potassium nitrogen,
 either for fertilizer or solar source business.
 that's why
 depending
 I think what's going to be able to study in especially fertilizer and solar salts next
 here.
 And the total production from the Solar da Cama, at the end, you have at the end, the remaining is going to be the potage that will sell to the market.
 Anyway, as you may know, we are reducing, it's our commitment from the company to reduce
 is the pumping of solutions at the salar.
 The most important reduction will be in 2022
 compared to 2021, 2023, 2024, 2025, we will have a small reduction every year, but the
 The most important one is going to be next year.
 and probably through the production of potash
 or desalar,
 that a camera would be between
 and 150,000 tons lower. It means from a total level close to 1.25 million tons, we will
 move to 1.1 million tons probably production for next year.
 If you move forward, probably reductions, because the reduction in pumping will be in the range of 40,000 metric tons per year.
 But the first year is an important one, it's the 150.
 150 we don't know yet exactly
 or improving
 improving a lot the deals at the salon level. That's why we expect it's going to be closer to 200,000 reduction.
 And most of it, of course, will be reflected in the voltage industry because our first
 priority is to supply the voltage
 for our nitid and solar solar solar species.
 Great, thank you.
 And just to come back maybe a little bit on lithium pricing, what's your expectations
 still going forward and maybe 22
 but maybe even beyond that time in term of, you know,
 considering maybe using you know a little bit of contract like short-term a little bit of long-term
 and maybe switch into some sales on sports.
 do you consider maybe switching
 at some point to a more hybrid model for pricing,
 like some of your peers are doing that?
 Or do you rather, you know, stick more to contract and off-take agreement for most of the volume?
 Okay. Well, regarding the expectation of prices for the next year, we see a strong demand,
 As we already said, you know that the price is an answer of the supply and demand.
 and everything also will depend on the reaction of the supply.
 We know that there are other projects under development, so everything at the end will depend on how the supply can react to the demand.
 Anyhow, we are really positive on the demand side, but we need to see what happens within
 in the next year, but we should expect a positive trend.
 to the strategy of contracts and mixtures and it's something that we have
 We have said before, we are open to consider different alternatives with our customers.
 Our idea always is to give to our customers the solutions that they need.
 In the past, we have announced some long-term agreements.
 We are under discussions of different contracts with our customers, but at the end, what we
 are looking for always is to have good contract for both sides.
 So we are open finally to have a mixed strategy between short and long term contracts.
 Okay, thank you.
 And just a little bit.
 last one if you do you have any update on the construction or like any update for the
 Mount Orland project in Australia.
 Yeah, well, as you know, at the beginning of the year, we announced the final investment
 So from there, we are doing a good progress.
 We have started the early construction stage in both sides.
 That means the refinery in Cunanan and the Mojolat side, where we'll be the mine and the
 And so far, so good according to the plan, so everything is going well.
 All right.
 Thank you.
 that could be fine.
 Our last question today will come from Cesar Perez Novoa with BTG Pactual.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, good morning or good afternoon to everyone.
 some of my questions
 have already been answered.
 perhaps I have a weak
 connectivity here but my questions would be what supply conditions does SQM see in the
 lithium market in general uh for for next year considering that new volume will come on stream
 for several producers, including yourself.
 Second, I am fully aware management provides no pricing outlook.
 However, most lithium benchmarks are hoovering around two times S-CAM's indicated fourth quarter price.
 In terms of direction, where would your realized price be or if that should come closer to that already embedded in the spot market,
 considering that, if I heard correctly, 80% of your contracts are yet to be closed possibly in the first quarter of next year.
 Any qualitative assessment there would be greatly appreciated.
 David.
 We'll be right back.
 Hello?
 Pablo speaking.
 Regarding to your question about conditions in lithium market, as I said before, we are really positive about that.
 As I told you, we see a growth for the next year between 20% and 30%, and that is mainly
 explained for the electric vehicle's penetration.
 So, as I said before, the same selected figures for the year, we expect that they will be
 between 6.3 and 6.6 million.
 For the next year, we see that that number will be close to $9 million.
 So we see that the manoelectric vehicles will continue growing.
 So we are really positive about the market.
 And we don't have any doubts about that.
 that. We see a strong fundamentals of the lithium demand.
 Regarding to the new supply, well, I think that it's good to see that new projects are
 in the sense that in order to be able to supply this amount, this huge amount of
 of the man is good for the
 that the important players will continue with expansion plans that they also have announced, like us.
 So that's what we see.
 And finally, regarding to the prices,
 Well, it's really, again, it's really difficult to lose any forecast about that
 because you see that the market is moving so fast, it's changed so fast,
 that any price prediction
 I would say that it's difficult to do.
 What we're going to do is to try again to secure volumes with our customers,
 negotiating good conditions from each party in order to secure, you know, a long-term offer to our customers.
 All right. Thank you very much. And if I may squeeze one more question there, maybe you answered this before, but have you given any CapEx guidance for 2022?
 too.
 Yeah, you found no wrong big graphics for next year.
 It's pretty the same.
 We didn't update the CAPEX in the last 30 days, so 60 days is the same forecast we had
 at the beginning of the year, and if I'm not wrong, it's close to $500 million goes for
 2022
 And remember, we had a cat expert
 The year that was previously announced.
 Mm-hmm.
 All right. Thank you, Ricardo. And thank you, everyone. Pablo, thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question and answer session.
 I'd like to turn the conference back over to
 Irina Axanova, Investor Relations, for any closing remarks.
 Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to having you at our next call.
 Have a great day, everyone.
 The conference has now concluded.
 Thank you for attending today's presentation.
 You may now disconnect.
 The conference has now concluded.
 Thank you for attending today's presentation.
 presentation.
 you may now disconnect the conference has now concluded thank you for attending today's
 presentation. You may now disconnect.
 The conference has now concluded.
 Thank you for attending today's presentation.
 You may now disconnect.