 Good morning and welcome to the SQM Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
 All participants will be in listen-only mode.
 Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star
 key followed by zero.
 After today's presentation, there
 Well, we'll be an opportunity to ask questions.
 To ask a question, you may press star then one
 on your touch tone phone, on your touch tone phone.
 Again, that is star than one to ask a question.
 If you'll withdraw your question, please press star, then two.
 please note this event is being recorded.
 I would not like to turn the conference over to Irina,
 to know about investor relations.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Grant.
 Good morning. Thank you for joining SQM's first quarter of 2021 and its conference call.
 This conference call will be recorded and is being webcast live.
 Following this call, you will be able to access the webcast
 at our website www.sqm.com.
 Our direct release and a presentation with a summary of the results have been uploaded
 to our website, where you can also find and link to the webcast.
 Speaking on the call today, we'll get Ricardo Ramos.
 Chief Executive Officer, Gerardo Ilyanis, Chief Financial Officer, and Pablo Artinieres,
 Commercial vice president, let him in either business.
 you will be available to help answer any questions
 following the preparatory talks.
 Before we begin, let me remind you that statements and concerns concerning the company's business
 outlook, future economic performance, anticipated profitability, revenue expenses, or other financial
 items, anticipated cost energy and products for service line growth, together with other
 statements that are not historical facts, are forward-looking statements, as that term
 is defined under federal security laws.
 forward-looking statements are estimated reflecting the best
 of S2M based on currently available information and involves a number of risks, uncertainties
 and other toxins that could cause actual results
 to differ material from theirs stated in such statements, including our ability to successfully
 implement this sustainable development plan.
 I'm telling you, it's enthusiastic.
 to assess the accuracy of such forward-looking statements are identified and our public findings
 made with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, and in our enemies relief issues yesterday.
 in this forward-looking statement should be considered in light of their success.
 Resume no obligation to update such statements.
 Whether it is the result of new information, future developments, or otherwise, except
 as required by law.
 I now leave you with our Chief Executive Officer Ricardo Alves.
 Thank you, Dina.
 And good morning, and thank you for joining the call today.
 Our earnings during the third quarter of 2021 were significantly higher than our earnings
 reported, you need the same period last year.
 These resources were given by considerably higher sales volumes and prices across almost
 all our business life.
 We continue seeing very positive market conditions
 in all of the markets in which we participate.
 The money in the market is exceeding our previous expectations.
 The airing market has recovered from the pandemic faster than anticipated, while we are also
 a positive trend in the fertilizer markets.
 We are now expecting that the lithium market demand should grow close to 50% this year,
 by strong sales of electric vehicles in all relevant markets, especially in China and
 Europe.
 The capacity expansions we have been working on are allowing us to grow even more than
 on the market.
 Lady Nars reached close to 100,000 metric tons in sales volume this year.
 By the middle of next year, our expansion to 180,000 metric tons should be ready, allowing
 us to keep on growing our cells' volumes.
 This acid irradiating lithium-martic rolls is pressuring prices, at the same time the
 the contracts we signed last year are expiring.
 It's a lot of work to expect an average sales price.
 I give them $12,000 per metric ton.
 during the fourth quarter, and probably even higher
 during the first quarter next year.
 In the meanwhile, the IUD market demand has already reached the pre-handemic levels.
 This quick recovery has had a positive impact on prices as supply has not been able to respond.
 We are now expecting total sales in 2021, around 12.5,000 magic tons, with average sales
 prices increasing from prices seen over past few quarters as we are working on expanding
 in our arguing capacity, we expect to ramp up additional
 12,000 metric tons in the beginning of 2023, followed by approximately 2.5,000 metric tons
 in 2024, all parts of our early announced growth plan.
 We have seen some very interesting developments in the 30 lighter markets globally.
 has been impacted by export restrictions on logistic
 Instruptions, the spot prices for both spots,
 and put that in nitric fertilizer,
 have reached levels not seen in more than a decade.
 We now expect our potassium and potassium nature
 average prices to reach almost $700 and over $1,000 per metric ton respectively due to
 the fourth quarter is here.
 considering all the positive factors.
 We now anticipate a record performance during the fourth quarter this year, with a significantly
 We will remain confident in our ability to deliver future growth while continuing to
 to operate in a sustainable way,
 creating value for our customers, communities, and all our stockholders.
 We now open the line for questions.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 To ask a question, you may press star then 1 on your touch-tone phone.
 If you're using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys.
 So if there are your question, please press star then two.
 At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster.
 Our first question today comes from Joel Jackson with BMO Capital Markets.
 Please go ahead.
 Cardo
 I'm going to ask a few questions one by one, and we're looking to your production for next year for lithium.
 You've got to 120 already, LCE.
 You'll get to 180 some point next year.
 What do you think will be your ability
 for production next year.
 what do you think your level of sales presumably want to build some inventory
 but what could be your maximum production or maximum sales next year?
 Thanks.
 Okay.
 Tidon, Ricardo Ramos speaking now.
 About production, as a total production,
 to see that we are ramp up to the 180 during next year.
 We think it's reasonable to expect a production
 They had it on 40,000 metric thumbsticks here.
 Maybe it's going to be just a little bit higher than that,
 about 140,000 with my best estimates today of the total,
 and decimatricide took up the production in Chile.
 about sales volumes, Pablo, what's your opinion?
 Yeah
 Well, our idea is to continue growing according to the demand, if we consider that we expect
 a role for the next year of the demand between 20% or 30%.
 we expect to grow our safety in that same pressure pressure.
 Okay. Now, I appreciate your pricing guidance.
 Now, you know, when I look at October Chile and Customs data,
 You're pricing in October seems well less than 12,000 you're gonna average above 12,000 you say for the quarter
 So, I want to know, you know, if you expect to place so much more volume next year and
 And presumably you're now pricing volumes now for next year, like you're pricing volumes
 and placing your head for next year.
 How much, you know, how much of your pricing,
 How much of your volume in 2022 are you locking in now?
 We expect to lock in by Christmas, let's say.
 And would you expect that pricing,
 that any pricing you're locking in now for $22,000,
 Okay, that's all about 12,000.
 Okay. Well, you know that today we are in the middle of a negotiation for Polios for
 the next year.
 However, what I can say, because you already know that we have secured some local contracts,
 But still for the next year we have, and we need to negotiate closely to the 80 percent
 of our total sales for the next year,
 is open to discussions with our customers.
 So that's the percentage of the total volumes
 That is so cool for the next year.
 So right now today, 80% of your anticipated volume next year
 is open, is that what you're saying?
 for the next year, okay, 20% is already negotiated
 and then different kind of contract with our government.
 and 80% is still open to the conditions that we need to discuss with our customers.
 Okay, and I appreciate that and we can all see spot pricing from different Chinese and Asian benchmarks be it
 $20,000 on carbon, $20,000 on carbon, $25,000 on carbon.
 are those real prices that you can achieve at scale
 in the market for 2022 or is the answer, you know,
 It's much less than $25,000, or it's much more than $12,000.
 Like, help us understand how real some of those prices are.
 we see in the 20s for real volume, real large volume,
 that you offer.
 You know that always is a noisy question regarding prices, but what we need to remember is that
 depending on what you negotiate with your customers,
 It means short the contract,
 lot of contract, depending on the quality of the product,
 If there goes to other applications, industrial applications, then you have different prices.
 What I've told you today is that because of the huge demand in Lithuania and lack of supply,
 the sport crisis is today high.
 but it doesn't mean that we will see these kind of prices
 for the average price because, again, it's depending
 the constitution that we never hear with each customer.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question comes from Ben Isaacson.
 Let's go, Shabak.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. I hope everyone's doing well
 I'll ask a few questions, one by one, if that's okay.
 I guess the first question is just to extend
 off of Joel's question.
 You talked about 20% of 2022 volume is negotiated already and 80% is open.
 Can you just talk about the shape of that 80 percent?
 How much of that 80% should be contracted by the end of this year, and how do those contracts
 get renegotiated in each of the next kind of four or five quarters, you know, are they
 all calendar 2022 contracts that will be negotiated before January 1st, or is it on a kind of
 a continuous basis, some are short-term, some are long-term.
 can you just give some more color in terms of when we
 expect that 80% to be contracted.
 Come on.
 Okay, well, it is a difficult question because we are under negotiation.
 For sure that, we know that when you are selling this amount of lithium, we need to
 to secure that amount, but again, also, it's up to it.
 I mean, every customer, some customer, I mean,
 The rest of the 80% then will be a combination of close short-term contracts, and for sure
 that we are looking for if we are able to do it.
 to sign good contracts, we're also thinking to sign
 in those encounters.
 And normally when you sign a lot of contracts,
 negotiation process is longer than would you negotiate a shorter contract so at the end
 everything will depend how fast we can we can do that with our customers. So today I cannot
 really give you a number of how much of those contracts will be ready. Anyhow, we are very
 close to the end of the year so for sure that I expect that by the end of the year at least the
 The first quarter should be, you know,
 negotiating with them with customers.
 Will 100% be finished by the end of Q1?
 I cannot say 100%, all right?
 but most of it should be finished by the end of Q1.
 Is that right?
 I mean, just based on the timing of the previous contracts
 when they expire.
 Is that fair to say?
 What again?
 I mean, it depends.
 It's a dynamic market, but for sure because of the period of the year that we have today
 By the end of the year, we should have an important person
 That's already negotiated for Q1.
 Okay, that's helpful.
 Thank you for that.
 The next question is on iodine.
 You guys have tried different strategies over the years.
 sometimes volume, sometimes price, with mixed success on the price side and the volume side
 that has been very successful.
 Now we're getting above $35 or that's the direction
 that we're going per kilogram.
 And if I remember correctly, that's kind of the point in which you start to see the economics
 look attractive for marginal producers
 until we could come online.
 Is that what you want?
 Do you want to see higher prices,
 or is that getting a little bit dangerous
 that you could see new capacity coming on.
 Can you kind of run us through what that debate looks like and kind of what your opinion is?
 Okay, well, you know that, I mean, in the industry, we need to consider different things.
 So one of the things is the demand.
 you know that this year the recovery of the amount will be higher than expected close to 12%.
 Then we need to consider the answer of the supply, so at the end everything will depend
 of the behavior of the different players in the supply, in the supply side.
 In that regard, what we have seen is not a – I mean, we have not seen enough response
 of the supply in order to be able to supply all the demand that is today in the market.
 So price is the result of the supply and demand and everything will depend on how the different
 players react with the supply plants in order to accomplish the demand that we have.
 Just two more quick ones for me.
 when you look at each of your business segments,
 Can you talk about costs of production,
 whether it's iodine or NOP or potash or whatever it may be,
 and how that's been impacted by inflation,
 cost inflation of raw materials, of labor, of energy.
 Are you seeing that already, or is that something that we should expect and be modeling for
 over the next few quarters.
 Ben, Ricardo Ramos speaking, as you, if you review our numbers, do you need the first
 quarter of this year, you see the cost is slightly higher due to the third quarter that
 compared to the previous boarders.
 I think, of course, costs today are affected by the exchange rate, for example, the exchange
 weight in Chile are affected by increased cost of raw material, a significant increase
 cost of raw materials on our production process, the additional cost of the energy that you
 you know, contractors, of course, the contractors we have, they reflect the extent rate increase
 So for material, the energy, everything.
 We have some extra costs in the last, I don't know, 18 months related to the COVID-19 pandemic
 with that effect in some way I would call it.
 I think that it's already reflected.
 Some of it, yes.
 it will be some additional problem
 How does this situation of the rheumatism energy continue?
 Next, you've got it, yes?
 I think that we are doing the right thing in order to increase productivity, to increase
 the yields of our process in order to control the cost.
 location, but so far we are seeing every single product, producer in the world, these increased
 because that is affecting our production in the last two or three quarters.
 Great, and then very last question if I may.
 Last quarter, you said that lithium demand was looking like it was going to be up 40%
 And next year was, you know, you were thinking of around 20%.
 Now you're saying looking at demand is going to be up 50% this year, and that makes sense,
 The question is, is that 50%?
 Is that taking away some of the demand?
 Are we seeing some demand acceleration getting pulled from 2022, or do you think 2022 will
 will still be 20 or potentially even stronger.
 and then maybe the follow-up.
 How do you think 25 will look?
 Are we still looking like it'll exceed 1 million tons or could it be a little bit higher?
 Okay, Ben, we need to remember that it's important,
 base from when we are starting in 2020 we know that the demand was lower because of the
 crisis so let's explain why we have this big role this year and we are going from 40 to
 because what we have seen with electric vehicles sales has been very good and very positive.
 Actually, today, our forecast is a total safe,
 The year sales will be between 6.3 or 6.6 million, which is bigger than what one expected.
 And the other thing, because we need to go see that some part of the legion that we demand today is for the cash that we produce next year.
 Also, we have a more positive view from the road of the next year, when I say to you between
 20-
 20 or 30%, that view is a little bit bigger than the view that we had before.
 So we have some very positive outcome, at least in the short term.
 Regarding 2025, well, we have different scenarios.
 Our base scenario is one million,
 the toss of LCA, which is bigger to some indications that we gave some a month ago, and I think
 we are working and of course that we are following up the market and potentially we will see
 but today we remain our view of the 1 million.
 Thank you very much
 Our next question comes from Goliher and Paul Harney with Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 And I want everyone to thank you for taking my questions.
 There are two questions, actually.
 The first one on the IO band business, if you could share a bit of the impacts of the
 fire that took place in one other plant and what was the impact in terms of costs during
 this quarter and the second question on the fertilizer business, if you could share a
 in terms of the pricing that we are seeing on the market place and what would you expect
 going forward for the next year as well. Thank you.
 Hello Guillermo, Ricardo Ramos speaking.
 First of all, the fire we had in our facilities in the north three months ago, I think.
 The impact in production was not more than 40 tons
 because most of the production works in forward
 as in the next month.
 Finally, about the cost, yes, we had some additional costs probably in the range of $200,000.
 that arrangement means the improvement
 of the facility replacement, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,
 see a replacement of equipment, but in the $200,000, $250,000 total cost involving the
 That's the end of the video.
 Thank you.
 That's why it was not so relevant, and we are taking all the measures that this kind
 of situation will not happen again. It's a very important, it's a significant issue
 for us having a fire in the facility,
 That's why we're in detailed situation and now we're better prepared for these kind of situations.
 About the fertilizers, it's difficult to give you an outlook after the fourth quarter.
 We know now that fourth quarter unit is very unusual.
 We are observing price levels that have not been recorded in previous years, as I mentioned
 we are reaching $100 per ton in the potash, close to $1,000 in the potash of 90.
 I do not have a long-term view.
 It's important.
 Today, it's important to consider that in the product industry,
 we are risked to be small, current prices that we have today, in fact, I think are temporary,
 supply at the mass situation.
 One good news in my opinion is that the demand of the potash industry remains very strong.
 that is associated with a better practice of article Tercados.
 On the other hand, these logistical difficulties of chipmence push the price of time.
 It is very difficult for us to project prices for next year.
 Definitely prices for food quality are going to be very strong.
 and the situation is very difficult to predict in the long term.
 Anyway, it's important to consider that the case of potassium nitrate is different from
 the case of potassium chloride, all the specialty fertilizers are less volatile, however, although
 with less volatility, they follow in some way the trend of border crisis.
 Thank you very quickly.
 Our next question comes from Corinne Blanchard with Deutsche Bank.
 Please go ahead.
 Hey, good morning everyone.
 So for my question, I've been answered, but there's just a few, probably two
 couple of follow-up questions.
 first one on potassium. And so you'll raise 2021 volume guidance to close to 900 kilo
 term, which imply a significant catch-up in fortunes.
 So if you could just comment on that catch-up for FOKU, and also how should we be thinking
 in terms of volume for 2022, given the market condition, do you still expect volume to decrease
 then would you expect maybe a volume to stay close to 800 or 904 for next year?
 Thank you very much, Ramon speaking.
 Of course, due to the fact that the practice is hard,
 Extremely good.
 It's our price of the unique price environment today.
 we are doing our best
 in order to increase the volumes during fourth quarter.
 in some inventories and so on in order to increase the volume of duty for squording.
 That's why, probably, if you put the numbers together,
 The fourth world total volumes is close to 300,000 metric tons.
 It's a very strong number we expect to deliver during one quarter.
 and even lower, probably, depending the tube length,
 Sometimes you have a delay of one or two achievements from fourth
 You don't know yet because it will be decided at the end of the month, depending the conditions
 at the port. But anyway, it's going to be a really strong quarter because the price
 which has to push everything forward.
 About next year, I don't have now a forecast of volume for that.
 remember that we have a photo production in the Salar de la Gama, and we use some of the
 Most of the powertouch in the production of powertouch United is for fertilizer or solar
 business. That's why I'm depending what's going to be able to start the year in an
 especially if it lives in a solar source next year.
 and the total production from the Salar da Cama at the end,
 If you have at the end, the remaining is going to be deported to the market.
 Anyway, as you may know, we are reducing our commitment from the company to reduce the
 I think of solutions that is alive.
 The most important reduction will be in 2022 as compared to 2021, 23, 24, 25.
 We will have small reductions every year, but the most important one is going to be next
 here.
 The total production of potage at the salar that I come up will be between 100 and 150,000 tons lower.
 It means from a total level close to 1.25 million tons, we will move to 1.1 million
 don'ts probably production for next year.
 If you move forward probably reductions because the reduction in pumping will be in the range
 40,000 magic dose per year.
 But the first year is an important one is the 150.
 100, 100, 150. We don't know yet exactly.
 We're improving a lot the deals that there's a lot never that's why we expect it's going to be closer to
 to 200,000 with action.
 Also, of course, we will reflect it in the Botash industry because our first priority
 to supply the 4-4 with nitrous and solar, but that's nitrous and solar source pieces.
 All right. Thank you.
 Just to come back, maybe I'll take a bit on a little pricing.
 What's your expectations to going forward?
 maybe 22, but maybe even beyond that time in terms of considering maybe using a little
 bit of contrast, like short term, a little bit of long term, and maybe switch into some
 sales on sports. Do you do you consider maybe switching at some point to a more hybrid model
 for pricing, like some of your peers are doing that, or do you rather stick more to contract
 of stake agreements for most of the volume.
 Okay.
 Okay, well, regarding to the expectation of prices for the next year, we see a strong demand as we already said.
 However, you know that the price is an after of the supply and demand so everything also will depend on the reaction of the supply
 We know that there are other projects under development, so everything at the end will
 depend on how the supply can react to the demand. Anyhow, we are really positive on
 the demand side, but we need to see what happens within the next year, but we should expect
 a positive trend.
 Regarding to the strategy of contracts and niches, and it's something that we have said
 before, we are hoping to go see a different alternative
 with our customers, our idea, which is to give to our customers
 the solutions that they need.
 In the past, we have announced and looked at agreements.
 We are under discussions of different culture
 with our customers, but at the end, what we are looking for always is to have good contracts
 for both sides. So we are open finally to have a mixed strategy between short and long-term
 contracts.
 Okay, thank you, let's end for, and just the last one,
 Do you have any updates on the construction or any updates for the month-old project in Australia?
 Yeah, well as you know at the beginning of the year we announced the final
 So from there we are doing a good progress.
 We have started the early construction stage
 in both sides, that means the refinery in Quinana and the mojonas side, where we'll
 be the mind and the concentrative plan.
 So far, so good according to the plan.
 So everything is going well.
 All right, thank you.
 Our last question today will come from Cesar Perez-Novoa with BTGPactual.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, good morning, or good afternoon to everyone.
 Some of my questions have already been answered.
 Perhaps I have a weak connectivity here, but my questions would be, what supply conditions
 This is the end of this video.
 the Lithium market in general for next year,
 considering that new volume will come on stream
 for several producers, including yourself.
 Second, I am fully aware management provides no pricing outlook.
 However, most Lithium benchmarks are hoovering around two times,
 ASCAM's indicated a fourth quarter price.
 The question being, in terms of direction,
 Where would your realized price be or if that should come closer to that already embedded
 in the spot market, considering that if I heard correctly, 80% of your contracts are
 yet to be closed possibly in the first quarter of next year.
 Any qualitative assessment there would be greatly appreciated.
 I appreciate it.
 Hello
 Okay. Yeah. Okay. This is Pablo speaking.
 Regarding to your question about conditions in the market, as I said before, we are really
 positive about that.
 As I told you, we see growth for the next year between 20% and 30%, and that is mainly explained
 for the electric vehicles penetration.
 As I said before, the state selects the figures for the years with respect that they will
 be between 6.3 and 6.6 million. For the next year, we see that that number will be close
 to 9 million, so we see that the amount of electricity
 because we've continued growing.
 So we are really positive about the market.
 And we don't have any thoughts about that.
 we see strong fundamentals of the lithium demand.
 And we got to the new supply.
 Well, I think that it's good to see that new projects are coming in the sense that in
 in order to be able to supply this amount,
 huge amount of demand for the industry so we expect that the important
 will continue with expansion plans that they also have announced, like us.
 So that's what we think.
 And finally, regarding to the prices, well, it's really, again, it's really difficult
 to lose any forecast about that, because you see that the market is moving so fast, it
 change so fast that any price prediction, I would say, that is difficult to do. What
 What we're going to do is to try again to secure
 volumes with our customers, negotiating good conditions from each party in order to secure,
 you know a known term offered to our customers.
 All right, thank you very much.
 And if I may, I'll squeeze one more question there.
 Maybe you answered this before, but have you given any CAPEX guidance for 2022?
 Yeah.
 And if I'm no wrong, big gap next year,
 First is the thing, we didn't update the cabinets
 in the last 30 days, so 60 days, the training forecast we had at the beginning of the year.
 And if I'm not wrong, it's close to 500 million dollars.
 But I'm just a little bit.
 Go.
 2022.
 And remember, we are a cath expert.
 that was previously announced.
 All right, thank you Ricardo and thank you everyone Pablo, thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question and answer session.
 I would like to turn the conference back over to Irina Aksanova, Investor Relations for
 any closing remarks.
 Thank you for joining us today, and we look forward to having you at our next call.
 Have a great day everyone.
 Wish I could.
 Yeah.
 The conference has now concluded.
 Thank you for attending today's presentation.
 You may now disconnect.
 The conference has now concluded.
 Thank you for attending today's presentation.
 you may now disconnect.
 The conference has now concluded.
 it.
 for attending today's presentation.
 You may now disconnect.
 The conference has now concluded.
 Thank you for attending today's presentation.
 You may now.
 act.