 Welcome to the AccelerX second quarter 2020 conference call.
 This call is being webcast live on the events page of the investor section of AccelerX's website at AccelerX.com.
 This call is the property of AccelerX and any recording, reproduction, or transmission of this call.
 without the express written consent of AccelerX is strictly prohibited.
 As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.
 You may listen to a webcast replay of this call
 by going to the Investors section of AccelerX's website.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Rafi Asadourian.
 Accelerix, Chief Financial Officer.
 Thank you for joining us this afternoon.
 Earlier today, we announced our previously-previewed
 second quarter, 2020 financial results in a press release.
 This press release and the slide presentation
 accompanying this call are available in the Investors section of our website.
 With me today...
 Today, our Vince Angadi, our Chief Executive Officer, and Dr. Pam Palmer, our Chief Medical
 officer.
 Before we begin, I'll remind listeners that during this call, we will make forward-looking
 statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws.
 forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties regarding the
 operations, and future results of AccelerX.
 please refer to our press releases
 in addition to the company's periodic current
 and annual reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a discussion of
 the risks associated with such forward-looking statements.
 I'll now turn the call over to Vince.
 Thank you, Rafi, and good afternoon, everyone.
 I hope you and your families are remaining safe and healthy, and we certainly appreciate
 joining our call today.
 Today's call will describe the progress we've made toward achieving our strategic objectives
 of one, advancing the use of DeSuvia throughout the Department of Defense, two, expanding
 our business in large customer channels through partnerships.
 3.
 dedicating our internal sales team
 to the hospital and ambulatory surgery center settings.
 and for in licensing or acquiring additional products.
 Objectives 1 and 2 allow for near-term growth without a significant XLRX commercial investment.
 While Objectives 3 and 4 will take a bit more time, but are expected to have a significant
 return. We've made solid progress both in the second quarter and more recently towards
 achieving these strategic objectives and building our foundation for growth despite the impacts
 from the COVID-19 pandemic.
 This progress is highlighted
 for our successful Milestone Sea Approval in April.
 that opens the door for purchases from the U.S. Army
 as well as our recent distribution and promotion agreement
 with Zimmer Biomet.
 for dyssuvia, for the management of acute pain in adults during dental and oral surgeries.
 Now as mentioned on our last call, in 2Q we received Milestone Sea Approval with the U.S. Army
 for DeSouthia's placement in all of the U.S. Army sets, kits, and outfits, or SKOs,
 associate with future deployments.
 This approval was the high case in our internal projections with preliminary expectations at
 the initial stocking orders from the U.S. Army, SKOs alone will approximate $30 million over
 the next three years.
 expect to know more about initial year orders for Army SKOs in the third quarter at the
 The Department of Defense is going through its budgeting process for its fiscal year
 that begins on October 1st.
 In addition, the Department of Defense publicly communicated a notice of intent to contract
 for up to 12,200 boxes or 122,000 D'Souvia single-dose applicators, which we will expect
 to be ordered in the third quarter of this year after the request for proposal is issued
 and closed.
 Now, this is in addition to any SKO purchases, which we expect will begin in the fourth quarter
 of this year.
 We also anticipate the Soviet to be approved on the Joint Deployment Formulary, where
 or JDF in the third quarter.
 This approval...
 will be another significant milestone as it expands
 access to the Soviet throughout the other branches of the military.
 and while the U.S. Army represents approximately 60%
 of the expected deployment opportunity,
 There is still a sizable market from the other military branches upon JDF approval.
 The JDF approval also expands the opportunity for purchases throughout the network of military
 treatment facilities, several of which have already adopted this review on
 on a formulary and are using it in various treatment settings.
 The DOD Opportunity is one strong pillar
 that will support the surrogate sales growth,
 which is attained with a small infrastructure
 with just a few account managers
 and is therefore a profitable avenue for growth.
 Similarly, we announced our Exclusive Promotion and Distribution Partnership with Zimra Biomet
 for dysphobia in the dental and oral surgery space outside the hospital setting.
 This partnership allows us to access the large,
 an oil-serving market of an estimated 7.5 million annual procedures.
 importantly, without additional investments in our commercial
 and commercial infrastructure.
 Zimmer-Baumat Dental Division is a leader in the dental implant space and has over 250
 sales representatives with established relationships who regularly visit dental and oral surgery
 customers, which should accelerate the SUV's introduction.
 we could not have done or attained without an entrenched partner.
 Importantly, the COVID restrictions in oral surgery offices have largely been lifted,
 allowing access for sales representatives.
 So we're very excited about the prospects
 of this strategic partnership.
 as is Zimmer Biomet who believes the studio will provide them with a differentiated offering
 from which dental and oral surgeons will greatly benefit.
 That's it.
 The training of the Zimrabomethanol cells representatives is currently being organized
 It'll take time to cover the entire sales force, but we expect some initial benefits
 from this agreement in the fourth quarter of this year, and we anticipate sales to
 pick up primarily in Q1 2021.
 As this is the second part of our strategic pillar that
 that supports profitable revenue growth
 from a large specialized market with a minimal XLRX investment.
 Lookin' forward, we see similar opportunities where customers and
 where customers in large specialty markets outside the hospital and ASCs can be educated
 on the benefits of DeSuvia through companies that already have a presence in those spaces.
 of such opportunities are plastic surgery procedures, fertility procedures, and ambulance
 and other emergency medical services.
 And unlike many hospital products, such as anti-infectives,
 or critical care products.
 distributor provides a different value proposition.
 and that it can be broadly used across many different medically supervised settings.
 partnerships and these specialty market opportunities will strengthen the second pillar and support
 to severe sales growth with minimal AccelerX investment.
 Our existing account managers remain focused on delivering long-term value
 from hospital and ambulatory surgery customers.
 These customer segments often take longer to penetrate through the lengthy review periods
 and complexities in P&T scheduling.
 We were slowed by COVID in the second quarter
 as access to hospitals and ASCs was restricted
 by states and institutions.
 each of which managed access differently.
 But recently, access has improved versus the March to June time frame.
 And while restrictions still exist, we're seeing some recovery, highlighted by July being
 our largest month of demand by end users to date.
 During this time we've also had some exciting hospital system wins which we
 expect will provide some benefit in the fourth quarter as they begin to place
 orders after they incorporate the sousviant into their protocols and
 and medical information systems.
 One of these wins was a recent expansion to all hospitals within a system after initially
 being approved at just one location and with use limited to general surgery.
 reviewing data from the initial trial use of the Suvia, which illustrated both
 patient and economic benefits, the P&T Committee reconvened and approved the
 for formulating system-wide, including its associated ASCs.
 with expanded use to all settings within the hospital, including the trauma service.
 This is a perfect example of how we see D'Souvia being adopted.
 We continually hear from our physician customers
 about the benefits they observe in their patients
 with the Soviet and, importantly,
 and gathering the real-world data is key to demonstrating these advantages to other healthcare
 systems.
 In fact, we're excited that data providing evidence of these benefits will be published
 soon.
 including one manuscript that was recently accepted for publication and a peer-reviewed
 Anesthesia Journal.
 the economic benefits of distributing it to the hospital, and the reduction in use of
 intravenous opioids and other medications will be evident from these upcoming publications.
 We expect this data to have a favorable impact commercially.
 Health care providers will find the irrelevant real-world data to illustrate why distribution
 should be used over some current standards of care.
 As we've said before, the acceptance of Tosuvia on the formula is an eventual adoption in
 into protocols is a process, but based on the real world results from health care practitioners
 using dystruvia. We remain confident dystruvia will become a key treatment for the management
 acute pain and medically supervised settings.
 Again, changing a standard of care takes time,
 But we believe health care professionals are just now beginning to realize the benefits.
 I now hand the call over to Rafi to take you through the financials.
 Thank you, Vince.
 We continue to remain prudent with our cash as we launched to Suvia.
 We ended the second quarter with $43.7 million in cash and short-term investments, which
 represents a change of $9 million from the first quarter of 2020.
 Our net cash outflow for the quarter
 was driven mainly by our $7.3 million of cash operating
 expenses, or combined R&D and SG&A expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, or $8.4
 million dollars including stock comp. The operating expenses in the quarter
 included a net benefit of $0.5 million from the receipt of a breakup fee from the
 the toucher phase acquisition.
 net of expenses incurred related to the transaction in the quarter.
 compared to $11.2 million of cash operating expenses in the second quarter of 2019 or $12.5
 including stock-based compensation.
 The decrease in operating expenses in the second quarter of 2020 was primarily due to
 a reduction of $1.9 million in DeSuvia-related commercialization expenses and a $1.7 million
 reduction in personnel costs.
 We continue to focus on investing in the areas that will have the most positive impact on the launch and remain prudent in our overall cash spending.
 Revenues for the second quarter of 2020 were $2.9 million, compared to $0.9 million in
 in the second quarter of 2019.
 Approximately $2.6 million of the revenue recognized in the second quarter of 2020 was
 is attributable to the recognition
 of previously deferred revenues
 related to our collaboration agreement with Grunin Solve.
 Our high volume packaging line that is expected to be installed and operational at our contract
 manufacturer early next year has been delayed due to travel restrictions from
 COVID. We hope these restrictions will be eased later this year, paving the way for final
 acceptance of the equipment, which will significantly reduce our cost of production once commercial
 production is running on this line.
 To meet the timing of volume demands from the DOD, as well as commercial customers, we
 They are evaluating alternatives to accelerate final acceptance tests from the equipment
 manufacturer.
 Looking forward to the rest of the year, we are expecting an initial order from the DOD
 as indicated in their Notice of Intent to Contracts,
 which will be converted to an RFP for Dasuvia.
 In addition, an initial stocking order for Army sets, kits, and outfits is expected in
 the fourth quarter. We have reduced our 2020 quarterly cash operating expenses, which are
 are now expected to range from $8 million to $9 million, excluding stock-based compensation
 or $9 to $10 million, including stock-based compensation for the rest of the year.
 Finally, we remain in discussions with our potential out-licensing partner for Desuvio
 in Europe and hope to have more to report here in the coming months.
 We are also in discussions with potential U.S. collaboration partners around marketing
 and distributing the suvia to other specialty markets such as plastic surgery or fertility
 services in the US. In addition, we remain in active discussions on in-licensing and
 acquiring assets that are complementary to our existing portfolio with the potential
 to add significant value to the business.
 Finally, we are still evaluating the timing of our Zalviso-NDA resubmission, which we
 delayed pending further guidance from the FDA regarding a potential new opioid product
 approval framework.
 We hope to have more details on these opportunities in the near future.
 With that, let me turn the call back over to Vince.
 Thanks, Rafi.
 So to summarize, we have successfully built two
 foundational pillars for further profitable growth with the DOD and with the Zimmer Biomet
 that dental partnership.
 leveraging this success while continuing our push
 into the hospital and ASC markets,
 as we're able to demonstrate the economic
 and healthcare benefits of D'Souvia with real-world data
 will generate long-term value for our shareholders.
 As you previously heard, the early feedback from the health care practitioners dosing
 and distribute it as positive.
 And we look forward to the publications about the data showcasing D'Souvia and the periodic
 I'd now like to open the lineup for any questions you might have. Operator?
 operator.
 Thank you, and we will now begin the question and answer session to ask a question you may
 press star and then one on your Touchtone phone.
 If you are using a speaker phone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys.
 To withdraw your question, please press star and then 2.
 At this time we will pause for a moment to assemble our roster.
 Our first question today will come from Brandon Folks of Canter Fitzgerald.
 Please go ahead.
 All right, thanks Stephen.
 of questions and congratulations on all the progress in the quarter.
 I'm just three for me today.
 Thank you.
 Have a good day.
 to elaborate on the market opportunity for the Zimmid deal. I think in total about $7
 How many of those procedures do you think are suitable for D'Souvia?
 And then currently, where are you seeing use in Dutuvia and any new areas during the quarter
 placing orders or seeing use of the product, and then lastly, sorry, I'm going to ask the
 a question at you and I sort of insinuated that you updated us down the line, but with
 recent opioid approval, does this change your thinking on the visa or what can you say at
 this stage?
 Thank you.
 So, I'm going to have Pam answer those questions. The first one is the Zimra Biomed Opportunity.
 Just, in general, we said about 7.5 million procedures eligible for disuse, but Pam, maybe
 You can give examples of what those procedures are.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, so third molar extractions, otherwise known as wisdom teeth extractions, dental implants,
 you know, bone grafting.
 There's a number of dental and oral surgery procedures
 that are commonly performed by oral surgeons and dentists
 that use IV opioids and we're really looking
 replace IV opioids in that market.
 And Brandon, so answering directly your question is all of those 7.5 million procedures are
 addressable D'Souvia procedures.
 It's not all dental and oral procedures.
 that's the estimate of what
 DeSuvia can be addressing.
 I think the second component of that question,
 if recall, was where is D'Souva currently,
 to see that currently being used.
 Again, I'll defer to Pam as she's been worked with very specialists around the country.
 Sure.
 It's being used in ambulatory surgery settings.
 It's being used in procedural suites,
 adjacent physician's offices.
 It's being used in emergency rooms.
 So we're seeing a lot of disuvia use in short-term settings.
 also some interesting medically supervised settings, such as fertility clinics, which
 which often have to do painful procedures and currently use IV opioids in that setting
 they're finding DeSuvia to be a very nice, non-invasive alternative.
 We also are seeing oral surgery typically as well as some ENT procedures.
 So again, medically supervised setting covers a wide swath of medical specialties and we're
 happy that they've seen the benefits of D'Souzia in each of those different areas.
 Pam, can you also comment briefly on how you're seeing this UV used in the short term settings
 in particular for the same-day surgeries and the timing of the dose and why?
 Yeah, the majority of folks using this to be a now are giving it a preoperative about 15 to 20 minutes prior
 prior to incision as they know it takes 15 minutes to reach that sort of therapeutic
 concentration and 90 to 95 percent of the time they're using just a single dose.
 We know from our PK as well as our clinical trials that we get about three to four hours
 of analgesia with a single dose. And in those settings, that's really all they need. So
 So it's looking like a very nice replacement for the IV injectable of clear liquid opioids
 with just a...
 single dose.
 And I reiterate, beyond what Pam said,
 And we're spending our time as a company with our resources in the short term where
 there's
 same-day surgery settings within the hospital or ASCs,
 with Pam mentioned before regarding oral surgery,
 dental surgery use.
 There's plastic surgery used.
 There's fertility clinic use.
 Those other uses really help reinforce our strategy
 because they're large, they're diffused,
 they're not centralized.
 our strategy to partner with others
 to penetrate those markets,
 exactly as we did with Zimber Bionet.
 That was component two of your question,
 Brand, I think component three was Zalviso and Pam.
 You can comment on that one as well,
 we're continuing to study the regulatory parameters?
 Yeah, I think it's still early.
 We've not really had a definitive framework
 from the FDA yet on their evaluation of new opioid products.
 It's unclear whether, you know, all the third team was approved under an old framework and
 sort of grandfathered in.
 And so we're really waiting for more clarity from the FDA, and specifically the DAP division
 on a specified framework to evaluate new opioid submissions.
 I think the good news in that approval is that they're clearly seeing and recognizing
 importance of opioids in these medically supervised settings, and that continues to give us
 comfort moving forward.
 Brandon, I hope that answered the three components of your question.
 It does.
 Do you mind if I sneak one more and apologize?
 you just forget something else.
 In terms of the feedback you receive from physicians using the product, is the onset
 of action and duration of effects being reported in practice, similar to what we saw in the
 to child and I'm not good for me, I promise.
 Thank you.
 Absolutely.
 The onset of action is very consistent.
 Again, the sublingual route of administration avoids the first path effect that you, meaning
 it doesn't go to the stomach and then they have to be absorbed and metabolized by the
 liver, which makes it very erratic onset. That's why oral opioid medications don't
 work a quickly or that consistently. So from a sublingual onset
 standpoint, it is very consistent. And the duration of action is interesting. It's actually
 a
 a little bit longer than our clinical trial,
 we did not have a lot of multimodal analgesia
 when you're going up against placebo,
 you try to keep those studies quite clean.
 So in the real world setting, you know, we've had reports that the duration of analgesia
 It can even last beyond the three to four hours, and it has a very nice offset tail, meaning
 that it provides a very comfortable level of analgesia through to discharge with just
 that single dose.
 Yeah, I think the general feedback beyond what Pam said is that it's absolutely delivering
 on the messages we've communicated.
 that onset the duration, and as doctors have mastered their art with it, bringing it forward
 in these short-term surgeries and procedures has been the absolute key.
 bringing it forward, meaning when they dose it.
 and they're timing the PK to the acute pain
 to really maximize the product.
 And it's really allowing you to use one dose, which I think
 been the largest surprise to all of them.
 And if I could add, I think one of the most remarkable things we hear about is the lack
 of side effects.
 You know, I mean, in the PACU, the important time to discharge is sort of a composite measure.
 You have to have your adverse events under control and you also have to have your pain
 under control to be discharged.
 So the thing that I love about, you know,
 for a time to pack you discharge.
 is it really is a way to look at both safety and safety
 at the same time, as well as, you know,
 making sure your patients, including your elderly patients, don't have any
 and cognitive impairment, and that's a huge part.
 So one of the things we're hearing back in spades
 from the customers, is that that preoperative dose
 is carrying them through the operation.
 room the PACU, many times additional medications are not required at all, and they're able
 of discharge them more quickly because they do not have the side effects from the typical
 by being injectable opioids that they're often seen.
 Thank you.
 Very helpful. Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Our next question today will come from Michael Higgins of Leidenberg Salmon. Please go ahead.
 My questions have been asked.
 Thank you.
 The next question today will come from Evan Siegerman of Credit Suisse.
 Go ahead.
 Hey guys, thank you so much for taking my questions.
 A follow-up on the Zimra Biometheal, what feedback have you gotten from dentists regarding
 and using the product in office.
 Are they comfortable storing it in kind of all the necessary infrastructure that they
 they would have to have by having the opioids in stock.
 You know, I know that they do use various drugs in the office, but just add in another
 one.
 Um, and then...
 if you had mentioned business development, any thoughts as to what you're looking for
 in terms of a target product profile
 or even more broadly speaking, you know, what type of patient
 population. How should we be thinking about that? Thank you so much.
 Sure, well we're laying to the oral surgeon so we've never marketed it to them that we sort of received a number of inbound queries when it first
 was approved because they saw the obvious benefits.
 Um, they, we are only, uh,
 REM certifying and supplying it to oral surgeons and IV sedation dentists, so that means they
 They already have approval and already have the locked C2 storage and all the necessary
 oxygen and medications to treat respiratory depression due to opioids, so these are very
 savvy surgeons who already know how to use IV opioids and they certainly see the advantage
 of a rapid onset and extended duration sublingual tablet that
 avoids them having to stop their procedure and re-dose their IV opioids, which they typically
 They have to do multiple times throughout a procedure.
 So they clearly see the benefit.
 And that's, again, why Zimmer saw the benefit as well.
 They know these surgeries very well.
 they know the benefit that it's UVA can use.
 Yeah, and Evan, just to reiterate, why go with Zimmer and we mentioned these other specialty
 markets. They're large markets, but we don't have a large enough sales force to
 to penetrate like these partners have,
 as well as the relationships that they've built up
 compared to what we have.
 So we want to focus on the hospital ambulatory surgery center markets with the partners that
 that are already in these.
 We're calling them specialty markets.
 They're a specialty for us, but not for others.
 but with partners that are already in that space
 with established relationships and with large salesforces.
 And that leads into, I think, the second proponent of your question, Evan, which was target
 product profile as we look at business development opportunities moving forward.
 So for us, the biggest key is efficiency, meaning always the
 call patterns within these medically supervised settings where we currently
 deploy our resources.
 We want to keep them focused where they currently are,
 whether it's the hospital or the ASC or the anesthesiologists in the office suites, etc.
 We want to continue to target those.
 the actual therapeutic area is less relevant for us.
 It's more of where they are located for use of these products.
 Account overlap is critical and will be opportunistic on a moving forward.
 One of the common themes through all that other than the efficiency is going to be something
 I think that's very late term or already on the market.
 we're not looking for long-term R&D projects.
 Okay, great.
 Great, thank you so much guys, I appreciate the color.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude our question
 and answer session.
 At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back over to Vincent Gaudi for any closing remarks.
 Thank you operator and thank you all for joining us today and from your continued support of the Xceler X
 we feel we're very well positioned for future growth,
 and we look very much forward to sharing more developments as they occur.
 So please be safe and look forward to giving you updates as they happen.
 The conference is now concluded and we thank you for attending today's presentation.
 You may now disconnect your lines.