 Thanks, Marty, and good morning, everyone.
 Let me start with the smoke more product segment.
 Adjusted OCI margins.
 expanded by 2.9 percentage points in the first quarter to 51% due primarily to higher net
 at pricing and lower resolution expenses.
 Smokable reported cigarette shipment volume declined 2.7%
 in the quarter.
 after adjusting for trade inventory movements and other factors.
 PMUSA estimates that its cigarette
 volume declined to approximately 3% in line with PMUSA's estimate for the industry decline
 In addition, California's cigarette SCT, which went into effect on April 1st, will also
 affect shipment volumes in the short term.
 term.
 P.M.
 USA's first quarter retail share was 51%, down one-tenth of a share point.
 This is the end of this video.
 Thanks for watching.
 by two-tenths of a share point to 43.6 percent.
 smokeless adjusted UCI margins decreased by 3.6 percentage points to 61.9% driven principally
 by the recall impact.
 Lastly, I'll set by higher pricing.
 The recall drove USSTC's shipment volume down 5% in the quarter.
 U.S. STC estimates that smokeless industry volume
 grew at approximately 2% over the past six months.
 It was a tough quarter for wine.
 shells adjusted OCI of $21 million was 25 percent lower than last year and its margins
 contracted 4.6 percentage points to 15.4 percent due to lower volume and higher cost.
 Nick Michele's lower volume was driven by wholesalers reducing year in inventory and
 the timing of the Easter holiday, which occurred in the first quarter of last year.
 year. Let's now turn to our beer investment as a reminder ABI's fourth
 quarter 2016 results are included in our first quarter results due to the reporting
 like. In the quarter, out here's reported equity earnings from our investment in ABI
 were $23 million.
 These results included net pre-tax charges
 for $73 million for ABI special items.
 As ABI noted in its fourth quarter earnings release,
 its underlying results were negatively impacted
 by a challenging environment in Brazil,
 and mark-to-market losses related to ABI's hedging
 of its share-based compensation payment programs.
 We, of course, continue to focus on our shareholders.
 In the quarter, we returned a large amount of cash to them, paying nearly $1.2 billion
 and dividends and repurchasing over $550 million in shares.
 As of March 31st, Altra had approximately $1.4 billion remaining in the current $3 billion
 share repurchase program.
 We continue to expect completing this program
 by the end of the second quarter of 2018.
 As Marty mentioned, we continue to expect that our 2017 Adjusted Diluted Earnings Growth
 will be higher in the second half.
 This is primarily, this is due primarily to the financial effect of U.S. STCs recall this
 quarter.
 And it bir-
 of reporting four full quarters of equity income from our ABI investment.
 Lastly, a quick word on IRI's retail market share reporting.
 As a result of RRI's most recent database restatement, cigarette and smokeless retail
 market shares had been restated.
 information for each quarter of 2016 is available in our press release. You'll
 You'll remember that IRI uses a sample of retail stores and certain wholesale shipments
 to project market share and depict shared trends.
 Historical trends of restated numbers are generally consistent
 with those under IRI's previously reported numbers.
 That wraps up our results.
 Morning and hour now.
 I'm happy to take your questions.
 Calls are being compiled.
 direct your attention to Altra.com along with today's earnings release and are
 non-GAP reconciliations, we've posted for your reference a usual list of quarterly metrics
 including pricing, inventory, and other housekeeping items.
 Operator, we're ready for the questions.
 Thank you.
 once again as a reminder.
 Yeah, Chris, good morning.
 I think that's the proper way to look at it, Chris.
 What we quantified was about a hundred basis points, the impact of the recall in your right
 In the actuals, we were down 70 basis points.
 Yeah, as Marty mentioned, we are pretty much done replenishing the out-of-stocks that occurred because of the recall at retail
 and we are seeing share recover.
 Now remember, whenever you have that consumer purchasing other products in the market, place
 It takes a bit of time for us to recover the share, but we're seeing promising times.
 Hi, Judy.
 This is...
 As we answered that question at Cagney, you'll recall, when we provide guidance, we run a
 range of scenarios that are included in that guidance and so that will take into account
 these types of events.
 And so we feel the same that we've
 felt that Cagney we feel good about guidance and that's why we were able to
 reaffirmed today.
 according to strategy.
 Sure, Michael, this is Billy, thanks for the question.
 If you recall, when we look at the cigar category,
 You have it in basically three segments
 that you've got the tip where Black and Male participates
 and has over about 90% of that segment.
 You have the un-tipped, and then you have the non-cigarola form.
 We participate in the TIP and we have basically a large market share there and so that's why
 we're running for profitability, that's where most of the profitability is in the cigar
 category. In the un-tipped segment, there's basically a price we're going on where people
 are competing for volume, but at a very low profitability, and we're really not participating
 that segment. So it hasn't been a change for us, but I think that describes the strategy
 in the approach we have in the cigar category.