 Welcome to the RWE Conference Call.
 Markus Kreber, CFO of RWE AG, will inform you about the developments in the first half of fiscal 2020.
 I will now hand over to Thomas Denny.
 Thank you, Annika.
 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us today to discuss
 RWE's result for the first six months of the year.
 I'm joined by our CFO, Markus Kreber, who will run through the presentation before
 we move on to Q&As later in the call.
 as in Q1 this year
 in order to compare like for like.
 our presentation focuses on the pro-forma figures in comparison to 2019,
 meaning that assets taken over from E.ON in the third quarter last year
 are included for Adjusted EBITDA and EBIT for the full year 2019.
 And with this, let me hand over to Markus for the update on H1 2020.
 Thank you, Thomas, and a warm welcome to everyone on the phone.
 It's good to speak to you and I really hope you are safe and sound wherever you are dialing in from today
 The operational and financial performance in the first half of 2020 has been good overall,
 And so far, we have only seen a small impact on the business from the COVID-19 pandemic.
 On a pro forma basis, year-on-year adjusted EBTA of our core business increased 9% to 1.5 billion euros.
 The RWE Group's adjusted EBTA stands at 1.8 billion euros.
 We confirm our full-year guidance and now expect adjusted EBTA to be at the upper end of the guidance.
 We also confirm our target to increase the dividend payment to 85 cents per share for this year
 Our net debt now stands at 7.8 billion euros.
 this is a decrease by roughly 900 million euros compared to q1 our clear
 target is to meet a leverage factor of around three times adjusted core EBITDA to net debt
 at year end.
 And we are delighted that the asset swap with E.ON is finally fully closed.
 The legal integration and the HR integration have already been completed.
 The teams are now operating in the target management structure across the entire business.
 Let me remind you that the energy activities which we transferred back to RWE
 have been recorded in our group figures already
 as they were commercially assigned to us.
 We do not see any relevant effect from the final closing in our financials.
 What else?
 We are excited about our latest announcement on the deal to acquire Nordex 2.7 GW development
 pipeline in onshore wind and solar.
 This gives us a great option for future growth and a broad entry into the French market.
 I will come to back
 I will come back to that
 in a minute
 Regarding our coal and nuclear business, we are pleased that the Coal Face-Out Act, which found broad consensus, was brought into German law.
 The lignite phase-out is supplemented by a public law contract drawn up by the federal government and the operators, which will pass the German parliament after the summer break.
 The law and contract are subject to approval under EU state aid law.
 we expect this process to happen in autumn this year
 With this, we now have a clear path on how to exit from our remaining coal operations.
 Ladies and gentlemen, let me briefly come back to the transaction with Nordex on page
 four.
 This transaction is a strategic pipeline enhancement and our broad market entry into France.
 It strengthens our existing pipeline of 22 GW, and the projects to be built will come on top of the targets announced at the capital market day.
 We expect CUDs as early as next year and additional capacity of approximately 500 megawatt in operations by 2025.
 We are also pleased that this creates a great opportunity to enter the French market.
 1.9 gigawatt of the development
 projects are in France
 of which roughly 300 megawatt are close to FID or in late development stage.
 France is a very attractive onshore market with huge build-out targets and a solid remuneration framework.
 France was the only large market in Europe where we were missing a pipeline and a strong development team.
 Together with the pipeline, an experienced team of 70 professionals, mostly based in France,
 will join us to drive our growth ambitions in France further.
 in markets where we already operate assets
 The pipeline gives additional options.
 Spain approximately 400 megawatt,
 Sweden approximately 400 megawatt,
 In Poland, a small position of more than 10 megawatt.
 What are the next steps?
 We have agreed an exclusive put option with Nordics on a purchase price of 402.5 million
 euros.
 Nordex kicks off the consultation process with the French Works Council, which needs to be finalized before the put option can be exercised.
 The completion of the transaction is also subject to foreign investment clearance in France
 and the completion of common carve-out processes.
 It is assumed that the transaction could be completed in the fourth quarter of this year.
 Now back to the financials for H1 2020 on page 5.
 In our core business, adjusted EBTA increased by 9% to 1.5 billion euros.
 as a result of a good performance in all segments.
 Broadly speaking, the good H1 result for offshore wind and onshore wind solar was due to the
 very good weather conditions in the first quarter and onshore capacity additions.
 The hydro-biomass gas division mainly benefited from the resumption of the GB capacity market.
 And the supply and trading division outperformed after a successful start into the year, which continued in the second quarter.
 Ladies and gentlemen, our wind and solar business is progressing well.
 Installed capacity remains unchanged at 8.9 GW, but there is more to come in the second half of the year.
 And we made good progress towards our growth targets for 2022.
 Amongst others, we have taken the FID for the Hickory Park solar farm in the US
 with a capacity of 196 MW and a co-located 40 MW battery, which is due to be commissioned in 2021.
 The project is under the Investment Tax Credit ITC regime
 and has secured a 30-year PPA with Georgia Power.
 regarding the period after 2022
 Two, the Able-Emore offshore wind farm has secured an agreement for lease with the Crown
 estate.
 The project is an extension of our operating Gwinti Moor Wind Farm.
 The additional Prurata capacity is 300 megawatt.
 What are the next steps?
 The development of the project will continue with a view to participating in CFD auction
 rounds in three to five years' time.
 Furthermore, we welcome
 the announcement
 from the Irish government
 that the Dublin Array Offshore project has been designated as one of seven relevant projects,
 meaning it will be fast-tracked to the new marine planning regime.
 The project will add 300 megawatt per rata capacity and is currently in the development phase.
 Subject to an updated content application and investment decision, construction could begin in 24 with COD in 26.
 And lastly, we are now participating in the third floating demonstration project
 Together with the University of Maine as well as Mitsubishi Corporation,
 we will develop a demonstration project of the coast of Maine.
 We continue to drive floating offshore wind because we see great potential for floating wind farms worldwide,
 in particular in countries like the U.S. with deeper coastal waters.
 Let's move on to an update of our construction program.
 It is progressing well, apart from some COVID-19-related delays, mainly at U.S. construction sites, so that we had to shift COD of approximately 500 MW from 20 to 21.
 Due to the adjusted commissioning plan, we expect the overall financial impact for this year to be a small to medium double-digit million euro amount.
 Please note that the PTC income level of the US project is secured in any cases at all sites
 slides.
 Now, we'll take a look at the status of the individual projects we presented to you at Q1, starting with the offshore division.
 Our triton oil project offshore construction work started earlier this year and everything is progressing as planned
 At the Kaskazi project, contracts with main suppliers are signed, so preparation work
 is continuing and going
 according to plan the construction work will start in q3 2021 the clock and
 Like a forest onshore wind farm is already generating and receiving revenues from the contract for difference.
 As soon as wind farm testing is completed and COD is reached, we will report it as installed capacity.
 Grid availability at the Cranell onshore site has been achieved and the commissioning of the individual wind turbines is ramping up.
 The actual commissioning date is scheduled for this month.
 We have updated our milestones at our big Raymond onshore wind project.
 One part of the project namely Raymond West
 with 240 MW will slip into Q121,
 whereas the commissioning of Raymond East with 200 megawatt is expected in the second half of Q4 2020.
 COD of Scotia Ridge has moved within the 4th quarter to the end of December this year.
 On the basis of the adjustments,
 the timeline construction work is on track commissioning ramp up will start
 soon.
 And at the Limondale Solar Farm, the grid registration process took more time than expected due to the current circumstances.
 COD has therefore slipped into Q1 21.
 In total, we will bring 1.3 gigawatt online in the second half of the year, mainly back-end loaded.
 With that, we can move to the details of the individual segments.
 The offshore wind division realized an adjusted EBTA of 585 million euros year-on-year.
 This is an increase of 19% thanks to higher wind speeds in the first quarter.
 Ross cash investments in H-1 amounted to 316 million euros, mainly driven by Triton
 construction work. The sale of the Seabreeze installation vessel is the main driver for
 Rothcash divestments.
 We confirm the outlook for the offshore division.
 Our onshore wind solar division increased 12% year-on-year
 and adjusted EBTA amounted to 273 million euros at age one.
 Value drivers are an increase in capacity
 of approximately 380 megawatts
 year-on-year, as well as higher earnings in Europe from above average weather conditions
 in the first quarter this year.
 Most of the gross cash investments are for the U.S. onshore projects Big Raymond, Scotia Ridge, and Casa Daga, as well as Boiling Springs.
 Despite the small-to-medium double-digit million-euro negative impact from tighter commissioning phases and the delay at Big Raymond and Limondale,
 we confirm the outlook for the full year.
 The Hydro Biomass Gas Division delivered a good performance over the first six months.
 Higher earnings results mainly from the British capacity markets.
 In contrast to the strong first quarter at H1, earnings from the commercial optimization of our power plant dispatch have normalized.
 In June, we signed a contract to sell our Georgia biomass business to Anbiba partners
 for a purchase price of 175 million U.S. dollars.
 the transaction was closed at the end of July after successful merger clearance the disposal
 is already reflected in the guidance
 we gave you in March.
 The EBITDA contribution for Proforma 2019 was a good 30 million euros.
 In 2020, it is approximately half this amount.
 As we have already reported to the market, the fire at the Eameshaven power plant has
 called.
 an interruption to the biomass co-firing which we expect to last until november 2020.
 This will impact the outlook by a small to medium double-digit million euro amount.
 Despite this, we also confirmed the guidance for this division.
 on to another quarter of favorable earnings development from the supply and trading division
 at h1 adjusted ebta amount to 322 million euros on the back of a strong trading performance and good
 results from the gas and energy business we didn't expect the division to
 replicate the exceptional performance of the first six months of last year the
 divisions outlook is 150 to 350 million euros given the strong age one the
 expect to end at the upper end or even above.
 off. Ladies and gentlemen,
 having now reported on the core business
 Let's move to the coal and nuclear division.
 Adjusted EBTA has doubled year-on-year and amounted to 310 million euros.
 As we already mentioned at Q1, earnings improved due to higher realized wholesale prices and
 an updated production plan in the Lignite system.
 Nevertheless, we need to consider implications from the implementation of the Accelerated Exit Plan.
 For the full year, we confirm the division's outlook.
 Moving on to the earnings drivers, down to adjusted net income.
 Adjusted net income amounted to 795 million euros due to the high adjusted EBTA of RWE Group.
 The negative effects in the financial result of minus 150 million euros from Q1
 were partly compensated by the E.ON dividend of 182 million euros
 We received in the second quarter
 Adjustments in tax are applied with a general tax rate of 15% in line with the expected midterm tax level for the group.
 The tax rate of 15% has been derived from all income streams.
 It is based on blended local tax rates, the use of loss carried forward, and the low taxation of dividends, including the EON and Amprion dividends.
 And now, on to the adjusted operating cash flow.
 The adjusted operating cash flow shows the impact on net debt from operating activities.
 It is adjusted for special items and timing effects.
 that balance out over time.
 the utilization of nuclear provisions is not included.
 as you remember
 we consider this as a financial cash flow
 as when the nuclear provisions are utilized
 They can be refinanced via financial debt.
 In age 1, the adjusted operating cash flow topped 2 billion euros and is built up on
 high adjusted ebta as well as a positive effect in working capital change in working operating
 working capital of 437 million euros is mainly driven by the payment from the British capacity
 market from 2018 and 19
 which we received in Q1
 as well as a reduction of gas inventories.
 For the full year 2020, we expect this line item to remain positive for the same reasons.
 Turning to the details on the development of net debt.
 At the end of June, net debt increased to roughly 7.8 billion euros.
 First and foremost, this was due to timing effects from hedging activities of roughly
 1 billion euros mainly related to co2 another driver of net debt is the company's net cash
 investments clearly linked to our strategy
 to expand
 in renewable energy.
 The dividend payment for fiscal year 2019 is already reflected in the net debt figure at age 1.
 We see a leverage factor of around three times net debt to core-adjusted EBTA at year-end,
 which considers the investment of approximately 400 million euros
 for the acquisition of the 2.7 gigawatt nordics development pipeline volatility and commodity
 prices and interest rates could temporarily drive it slightly above three times but if this is the
 case we are confident that we would return to our target level in the medium term without an impact
 on our plant CAPEX program.
 Finally, moving on to the outlook for fiscal 2020.
 As I already said, we confirm our outlook for this year.
 Adjusted EBTA of the core business will come out between 2.15 and 2.45 billion euros.
 Adjusted EBTA for the group will range between 2.7 to 3 billion euros and adjusted EBIT between 1.2 to 1.5.
 For both adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBIT, we expect to see results at the upper end of the guidance.
 guidance.
 Our guidance for adjusted net income is 850 million to 1.15 billion euros and we expect
 to be in the middle of the range
 due to the negative one-off in the financial result which we experienced in Q1.
 The dividend target is unchanged, 85 euro cents per share for fiscal year 2020.
 And with this, I conclude my remarks, and I'm now happy to take all your questions.
 Thank you, Markov.
 And as always, in view of time, please stick to two questions only.
 Operator, please start the Q&A session.
 Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please press star one on your telephone keypad.
 If you change your mind and wish to withdraw your question, please press star 2.
 You will be advised when to ask your question.
 Our first question is coming from the line of Wanda Serginowska from Credit Suisse.
 Please go ahead.
 Do that the don't want to send you a card credit.
 two questions for me
 The first one is on the negative power price.
 in the UK there is a clause
 in the most of the CFDs to say that if the power price goes negative for more than six hours,
 then basically CFDCs is to apply for that time.
 that's it
 Does the rule apply for all your assets in the UK and does the same or similar rule exist in other markets than RWE operates in?
 and the second question is
 On the renewable target growth, when can we expect RWE to rise the annual renewable target
 growth?
 recently, Engie, including the annual
 targets from
 three to four gigawatts per annum.
 Thank you very much.
 Yeah, thanks for your question.
 I mean, yes, the negative price rule applies to the UK, and we have a similar one, but
 The technical details are slightly different also in Germany.
 I mean, I have to admit, I don't know the exact details.
 And so far, I think, I mean, you can usually plan it because you know your power price forecast on a quarterly hour basis for the full year.
 and it has not had a significant negative effect
 which was not planned for us, even this year.
 So for us, it's a minor technicality.
 and if you want the details
 I think please call the team also to understand where the German measure deviates from the UK one.
 On the targets, I mean, we already gave you an indication with the Nordex pipeline that comes on top of our targets.
 because I mean our targets have been
 communicated in a couple of
 months ago so don't expect us that we give you new targets every month so when
 And we deem it appropriate that we need to update the market about new plans or revised
 friends we will do it
 but we will not do it on a quarterly basis.
 Thank you a lot.
 I mean, I would appreciate if you could get back to me on the details, on the technical details, on the negative power tries.
 I know that it's not the issue for this year or next year, but we see more and more of a negative power price on the market.
 Yes, we will come back.
 Thank you very much.
 But I mean, just a remark, I mean, the moment it becomes viable, you usually, I mean, but the team comes back.
 But I think, I mean, for us, I think it's an overrated issue also going forward
 because what we see is we get more and more flexibility in the system in many markets.
 So the periods of very negative power prices should naturally come to an end.
 I mean, not for the specific plant.
 You cannot do anything for the CFD plan, but the market overall, because it incentivizes
 investments in flexibilities like batteries
 and that
 these
 if
 if you get more of that
 it will definitely take, at first, the negative power prices away.
 so we don't see it as a big issue going forward
 but the team will come back on the technicalities.
 Thanks a lot.
 Thank you, Wanda. Next question, please.
 The next question is coming from the line of Vincent Iral from J.P. Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, good morning, good afternoon.
 quick one
 could you provide us a bit more
 color on the Nordic
 pipeline but at an asset level
 So we understand we see the geography, so mainly it seems to be a footprint in the French onshore market.
 so we understand the strategy behind it would be great if we could get a bit
 more color on the project level, what are the big projects, which are in there, and
 the what is the expected time for contribution there so that would be the question one and
 And bouncing back on this, what is your view regarding acquisition of renewable assets
 given current prices.
 Buying a pipeline is one thing,
 on an existing operating asset is another one.
 Do you see that like value accretive, and would you, in such a situation, consider potentially even founding larger acquisitions by reconsidering your stake in Eon?
 Thank you very much.
 Yeah, thanks for your question.
 Let me start with the latter one.
 I think for us, I mean, having a deep pipeline where we can invest our money,
 it would not be let's put it value optimal to actually acquire existing assets because we want
 We want to build them.
 We want to operate them.
 And us becoming a financial investor, I mean, I see it difficult that that is really value accretive.
 It's a different thing if you can maybe swap assets here and there to change the portfolio mix
 and get some synergies here and there,
 but I don't see it as very relevant
 for the near future
 So, I mean, we are interested in strengthening our pipeline, especially as we have done with the Nordics.
 I'll come to that in a minute
 but
 acquiring existing assets
 asset by asset is not part of our investment plan.
 I mean, on the Nordics pipeline, I mean, let me start first with why this was strategically important, as I said in my speech.
 because France is a very attractive onshore market
 With, I mean, the double-sided CFD for 20 years, inflation-linked, we have seen prices
 in the last auctions between 62 and 67 euros so you can see that that is very
 very attractive.
 And it was, on the European landscape, the one target market where we really missed the presence.
 So it was really a good opportunity for us.
 We looked into the pipeline in detail, as you can imagine, in the due diligence,
 And I mean, we have very good locations, good wind conditions, clusters in geographic proximity
 that it will provide efficiencies.
 and I mean
 I can
 And I will not talk about specific locations now because the transaction is not closed
 and we are bound to confidentiality.
 so I can give you a view of how the portfolio will look like.
 I will give you more color in a minute, but I cannot talk about specific size.
 I mean we can
 we can give you more color
 after the closing of the transaction.
 what we have already said is
 15 percent of the pipeline is close to FID or very late development stage and we expect
 the first CODs by 21.
 On average, we would at least expect 100 megawatt from the pipeline per annum, so that we have
 by 25, another 500 megawatt under operations.
 including the purchase price of $402.5 million,
 we expect that the IRs of the projects will be within our given range at the capital market day
 we said for mature onshore pv markets we expect five point four point five to
 eight percent but please I mean this is a very mature market and we had to buy
 So don't expect it at the upper end of the 4.5% to 8%.
 but clearly in the range.
 We saw the price as attractive.
 I mean, it's always very difficult to judge or assess the price from the outside in, but
 we have also seen other pipelines.
 we participated in many due diligence in France so we know also our other
 pipelines look like and just looking at it from the outside in you have seen
 acquisitions in in that market which were priced at hundred fifty to two hundred
 50 euros per megawatt and we are at the lower end of that but I mean that is
 It's very difficult comparing prices on that level,
 pipeline by pipeline.
 of the maturity of the pipeline
 is more or less in line with the maturity of our overall of our overall pipeline I mean around as
 I said 15% is close to FID
 and late stage.
 We have around 30% mid-stage, and the remaining part is then early-stage development.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Next question, please.
 The next question is coming from the line of Peter Bishtiga from Bofa Securities.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, yeah, thanks for taking my question.
 And so just another one on the Nordex portfolio.
 Could you sort of tell us how the $400 million acquisition price
 and the, I guess, additional CapEx
 that you're going to be spending over the next couple of years
 fits into your existing five billion capex budget does it display something else out of that budget
 or is it in addition
 and I guess if it's in addition
 then where have you found
 that extra balance sheet capacity, please?
 And then my second question as she was just on carbon
 which has obviously been
 very volatile
 over the last
 a couple of quarters
 i guess your supply and trading division might have profited from that but um i was just wondering
 Could you give us your views as to what's actually been driving the carbon price, particularly, you know, as it's reached the sort of mid to high high 20s?
 Thank you.
 Yeah, Peter, thanks for the question.
 On the Nordex pipeline, yes, it will come on top of the $5 billion, as we have said with the announcement of the transaction.
 and now a question
 regarding funding I mean as we as I said in the speech we expect to be within the
 leverage target
 of the three times net debt to EBITDA
 including the 400 million and I mean we have a lot of moving parts I mean if we
 assume, and I also hinted to
 that that commodity prices especially gas and co2 and interest rates stay where they were at end of
 June then we have a good you what are the moving cash items operating cash flow
 investments we know our divestments are hinted to Georgia biomass we're going to
 payback via hybrids, I mean, that is
 all very stable and we can foresee that we end the year at around 3.0 but of
 Of course, we cannot control commodity prices, and we cannot control interest rates, but
 But these are only, I mean, timing effects.
 I mean, it will normalize over time.
 that's why we are confident if we move up then it will come down without
 impacting the CapEx.
 Then later, the project investments after the, I mean, when we do CODs, that will be part of the capital allocation approach.
 But, of course, as I hinted to, it will come on top of our existing targets.
 but I mean a hundred megawatt here and there, that will not move the needle on the company of our size.
 And Colby?
 Sorry, carbon.
 Sorry, exactly, Kav.
 yeah I mean
 even within
 the team here we have two different views and I think that's a good reflection of
 how I see the market
 Short-term is more bearish because, I mean, with the COVID situation, with very low gas prices, significant fuel switching, muted industrial demand,
 But, I mean, the demand for carbon certificates is definitely much lower than it has been
 expected. On the other hand, it's also
 clear that the more political mid to long-term view is more bullish because I mean somehow
 the the European Commission needs to implement the more aggressive
 CO2 reduction target and it doesn't matter whether they go to, I don't know, 50, 55 or
 even 60% reduction by 2030.
 A significant part of that, maybe even more than half, needs to come from the EU ETS.
 And that will definitely mean that prices will go up.
 And maybe what is different this time
 than in the last financial crisis
 in the last financial crisis we have seen
 that a lot of
 industrials who are sitting on
 access certificates
 were in financial trouble
 and they needed to sell just to get liquidity.
 This is with the huge program of the central banks and the fiscal support now different.
 Maybe some industrials take more of the political long-term view
 and use the liquidity they still have to buy cheaper than they expect the prices to be.
 I think these are the two camps, short-term, long-term.
 And since this market is nothing you can fundamentally analyze, it's always a sentiment question.
 And I think the more dominant factor is definitely the mid-term to long-term political view.
 I can simply not imagine that if prices go down to 15 euros again,
 that the politicians
 will sit there
 and do nothing.
 with. Okay. Interesting. Thank you very much for that.
 Thank you.
 question to you.
 The next question is coming from the line of Alberto Gandolfi from Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you and good afternoon.
 the first one is to go back to the E.ON
 stake. We heard in the past
 that may be badly counted
 about half of that could be used against link net liabilities and the rest could be used for growth
 Could you please confirm that?
 and when it comes to growth
 Can you help us understand the logic?
 would it be contingent to maybe
 big offshore wind or perhaps to identifying something external like you just did with
 with knowledge can be something even bigger.
 And secondly, it's just thinking about M&A from a different perspective, like RWE as a potential target.
 so we are seeing
 oil companies very quickly moving
 into the space
 you know,
 VP with a 50 gig
 you're like a net target
 by
 by 2030
 company like yourself
 would be like a plug and play, you know,
 developing with existing capacity.
 So do you think there is a race to scale here?
 and what would be the best
 way for you to fend off
 a threat like this one?
 Um, yeah, Alberto, thanks for the, thanks for the question.
 I mean, on the EON stake, I can just reconfirm that everything is still valid, which we have
 said in the past
 I mean, the EON stake is not tied to the lignite provisions.
 we just said we can't really use it
 We could also back the Lignette provisions by other financial portfolios.
 and I mean when you look at the the potential sourcing of financing yes I
 I mean, we potentially need half of it to back the Lignac provision and the other half
 would be available to capital
 rotation, but
 I mean that has not changed
 It's exactly what we said before.
 Usually we have two questions, so you had three.
 Which one do you want me to answer now, the oil question or the other one?
 I start with the old question, and then let's see whether we still have time.
 Perfect, thank you.
 because I think that's the more interesting one
 I do agree that it could
 that we couldn't add up in a situation that
 it's a race for scarcity
 Because, I mean, it might be difficult to, if you put together all the capital investment plans of everybody around in this field,
 it's almost impossible to employ that amount of money until, let's say, 2030,
 because there are simply not enough projects
 and you have more lead times to do it.
 So existing pipelines become much more valuable.
 I think the investors of big oil and others need to ask themselves the question whether it's really green, a green investment, if you buy existing stuff from others, because that is not a positive contribution.
 it's just I mean
 overbidding in prices
 So, I mean, on the question whether we could become a target or not, I think your company
 is well positioned to help the oil companies figuring that out and we sit and wait what
 happen
 um
 I mean that's speculation
 I mean, that's not in our control.
 So what can we do?
 I mean, I'm actually happy that also others see the field of renewables
 and the overall power sector as attractive,
 because that's the core of our strategy.
 And I think we have all the ingredients to be successful.
 We have the very experienced team.
 we have a deep pipeline
 which actually needed to be developed over a decade
 and of course we have
 have investment
 discipline and will ensure that we put
 the money where we get a decent return.
 And we will continue doing that.
 I mean, developing our pipeline, investing in good projects, and also being on the technological forefront, be it batteries, be it H2, or be it floating offshore.
 Where I actually don't see limiting factors is the long-term market growth, because the
 long-term market growth of renewables and also power overall is, I mean,
 tremendous globally the trend to electrification and to green is very supporting and we are also
 don't see a limiting factor as funds
 Because if you have good projects, I think investors are actually looking for investment opportunities.
 and now you need to ask yourself
 who actually brings what to the table.
 I mean, the market growth is there itself.
 funds is not the problem so what you need is experience in the pipeline thank you that's great
 Thank you, Alberto.
 Next question, please.
 .
 The next question is coming from the line of Rob Pullen from Morgan Stanley.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi. Yes, good afternoon, everyone.
 So first question, Marcus, is can we talk about the EU recovery fund
 and how do you think
 internally that RWE will benefit
 from this, and there's
 a second part to that, not a
 second question.
 can you help us understand
 practically how the money flows from a number on a presentation slide into actual projects
 because that still seems very unclear.
 and the second question
 and hopefully a lot simpler,
 is you have secured the makerage in the U.K.
 could you provide an update on the process you have for leases for some of
 the other extensions you flagged at the CMD, namely Greater Gabbard, Galloper, and Rampian.
 has that been successful
 Is that underway, or is that not this year's business?
 Thank you.
 Let me start with the easier one, Rob.
 I mean, we are working on the lease extensions.
 And it will be around 800 to 1.2, 800 megawatt to 1.2 gigawatt.
 And we are optimistic that we can finalize it and by then book it as lease secured by the end of the year.
 but it's going it's going well
 and on the European Recovery Fund
 let me start with the second part of the question
 yeah I mean I think we will
 we will we will learn about it over the next um let's say two quarters until the end of the year
 how the flow of the money will really go
 because usually the European Union works in a way that they have only little funds
 like the Just Transition Fund and stuff like that
 where the double digit million
 where they put money directly into specific projects.
 Usually the European Union's budget is a huge kind of, I mean, shifting mechanism.
 So people are paying net in and getting money net out.
 So what now as a next step needs to happen is that the individual countries need to come up with programs and plans where to invest the money.
 and if that ticks all boxes
 they will get the proportional share of the money so we need to wait for national
 actions
 where they're going to put
 and where they want to invest and how they
 support certain things
 is also unclear.
 I mean, you can do it with direct subsidy.
 You can do it with the remuneration framework.
 simpler financing
 I mean, it's still totally unclear.
 and
 the only thing
 what we can do
 and that's the first part of your question.
 I mean, we are
 we are also now actively looking
 especially in age in the in the evolving h2 sector and of course what is obvious
 is if more renewable power is needed
 and you get an indirect reenumeration
 firm work for renewable power via the support of demand for green hydrogen we are definitely ready
 to build more renewables but we are also willing to invest into the production of hydrogen that
 That depends on what agreement we find with the partners.
 Is it better our money or their?
 and how do you structure the contract?
 The question is who puts money into transportation, maybe more others.
 remains to be seen whether that needs to be
 unbundled, many open questions.
 So I think the important step now is to get the right partners together
 and thinking through what is feasible and you should usually start with the
 demand.
 actually needs the hydrogen and then
 you do
 you backward re-engineered
 and I mean
 I think these are the big fields.
 our current business already
 so especially renewables and storage technology and the new one which will
 come in addition is hydrogen but also I want to kind of not spoil the party but
 But, I mean, if we talk about profits from especially hydrogen, probably we need to wait
 couple of years before it is relevant in terms of investments but also in terms
 of profitability and maybe the kickstart of the of the solar and wind business is
 a good proxy. It could easily take at least half a decade, maybe a decade, before it becomes a
 a relevant profit figure.
 That's super interesting.
 Thank you very much, and good luck with the lease rounds.
 Thank you.
 We will update you whenever we have good news.
 Thanks, Rob.
 The next question, please.
 The next question is coming from the line of Sam Ari from UBS.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good afternoon, everybody.
 Thank you for the presentation and great results today.
 I just wanted to ask two questions.
 one on returns and one on farm down so on on returns i think um you had spoken at the cnd
 about 100 to 300 bits
 spread above WAC
 as being typical in the renewable business.
 These days, 100 to 300 pips doesn't actually sound that crazy,
 as an estimate of the WAC, actually, as well.
 and I don't know
 the lower the WEC, the lower the spread that you need to make the same kind of value creation
 ratio.
 so it just seems to me that a year or two ago
 it was common to talk about high single-digit returns in renewables or mid to high single-digit
 returns I'm talking about unlevered project returns but are we now more
 likely to be going into the low single-digit returns territory and is
 that you know is that possibly a fair outlook for offshore wind as well where
 returns historically have been a bit higher just love to love to know what what your thoughts are
 about that
 the kind of industry level and then my
 phone down question is just look
 I feel like we're going to see over time more and more pressure from auctions and tenders
 and developers may be eventually forced to bring the farm down partner with them to the tender
 so if you like the competitive pressure of auctions will mean that this kind of
 extra value arbitrage that you're currently
 getting a farm down might eventually
 get captured by the consumer
 or you know the public body that's doing the tender
 so I'm just wondering
 do you think that's a reasonable expectation
 And have you thought about whether in the future you will sort of, as standard, go to auctions or tenders with a finance partner alongside?
 And have you talked to any specific funds or partners about that kind of long-term approach?
 So returns and from dance.
 Thank you.
 Sam, thanks for the discussion.
 I mean, on returns, I agree that we definitely see that the VACs are coming down.
 coming down.
 also carefully read your your report and you also put now very low numbers to
 which I think is is the right thing and but I'm not there that I would say we
 see now low single digit returns for for for offshore I that's not where we are
 I mean definitely if we have promised you the average IR of an unlevered project of 650 basis
 points for the for the investment program we have outlined until 2022 potentially the absolute
 returns not the value creation but the absolute returns of the next capex
 program will be lower but also because the back is significantly lower and when
 you talk about the absolute level
 I'm not at low
 I mean low for me is
 three and and three something it will come down but i mean what we see is not for the for the
 projects which we which we have after the 22 horizon already visibility of the
 the profitability I wouldn't call that low it's more medium a farm now I'm not
 sure whether I got your question. I don't
 see I currently don't see that you have tenders where you need to bring your financing or where
 you have an advantage if you don't go into the auction alone and getting an
 advantage when you already bring the financing plan.
 I haven't seen things like that.
 what is more and more obvious is
 that also now the new tender design to give you one example for Taiwan
 that
 local
 I mean
 local production becomes a dominant theme.
 that if you want to put money in some place,
 you need to prove that it's actually good
 for the regions where you get the lease.
 It's good for the people.
 you create jobs
 you use
 local suppliers. That is becoming more
 support.
 important.
 but what I don't see is that it's advantage
 that you already, with the auction,
 and say that you're going to farm that will bring
 financing file
 Interesting.
 Okay, well, look.
 Does it help or do you want to have a clarification?
 no no no that's fine
 I don't want to take up too much time, but I'm sure we'll talk about this again.
 and thank you for two helpful answers just then.
 We will. Thank you.
 Thank you, Sam.
 Next question, please.
 The next question is coming from the line of John Musk from RBC.
 please go ahead.
 Yes, morning and good afternoon, everyone.
 Firstly, on the hedging of the outright book, it looks as if you've accelerated the fully hedged portion, particularly in 2022.
 obviously this is quite a small chart
 but from maybe roughly 30% to 50%, which is probably more than you would normally do in a quarter.
 So I just wanted to understand some thinking behind that.
 Is there a particular view on power prices or spreads at these levels?
 and then secondly
 on the three times leverage factor just to confirm
 That's not including any potential asset rotation at the moment,
 because there are some headlines in recent days around some of your offshore assets
 that you might be looking to sell down.
 John, thanks for the question.
 I mean, on Hedging, you are right.
 We increase the outright hedge.
 So what we actually closed by that was the spread position.
 is there
 I mean
 what you could read into it is
 if you think
 threats are fair, it's part of
 de-risking now to close it
 and I think
 if you look at current market prices and spreads,
 I think everybody expects 100% recovery by 2022.
 too.
 to lock that in you better close the position now and that's what we have done
 that doesn't tell you what we I mean we don't know how the global economy will
 look like, but it's better to lock it in now than to keep it open.
 On the leverage side, the three times net debt to EBTA includes our plans on capital rotation.
 So it is our net investment target.
 I mean, we have outlined a net investment of around $1.5 to $2 billion per annum.
 so if
 we're going to invest across more
 given the
 the profile and it also includes divestment I have already said that we
 divested
 which is not yet in the financials, Georgia Biomass for close to $200 million,
 dollars, $175
 and some adjustments
 and I mean
 on the other things, we are considering
 our options.
 so we will bring it to the net figure but I now don't want to speculate on
 gross and net because we always said that the leading
 metrics is
 13 gigawatt net, so whatever we do on disposals, we will reach the 13 gigawatt net and also
 So the EBITDA guidance for 2022 is a net guidance.
 and how are we going to achieve this
 with how much gross and how much disposals that we need to, given the current uncertainties
 in some markets, we need to have some flexibility.
 and I mean if you now want to
 get a comment on the
 on the rumours
 on disposals, I mean, the comment is
 no comment because I mean
 we will update you when we have taken the decision not we will not update you
 whether we have on a certain asset a market test or not.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you, John.
 Next question, please.
 The next question is coming from the line of Deepa Vinkatesharan from Bernstein.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 for my two questions.
 So, firstly, in the U.S.,
 So if we do have a possible victory for Joe Biden and they bring in the two trillion plan,
 I was just wondering, how does that change?
 Would you accelerate the conversion of your pipeline in the U.S.?
 or practically how might it change anything for you?
 And my second question is on Germany itself.
 So, obviously, Germany has pretty lofty targets for 2030, but we're seeing the auctions are
 continuing to go
 undersubscribed on onshore winds.
 And do you see this situation changing with any kind of reforms?
 And would you be taking the lead as, I don't know, Germany's national champion on this to also grab maybe more of the share in the German renewables market?
 Thank you.
 Deepa, thanks for the question.
 the first one is easy
 We actually don't expect a significant impact from a potential federal election outcome
 in the U.S. on our business.
 I mean,
 I mean even
 even today
 I mean, many things depend on state level.
 Of course, the tech support is a federal thing, but also the current administration extended
 with the PTCs, given the COVID situation.
 So, I mean, that's pure speculation.
 I would say
 it's
 it will not make a huge difference
 and on Germany
 of course we would like to do more
 and onshore
 in Germany
 and we see
 undersubscribed auctions
 the problem is that the project
 are not ready to be to be bit into the options we have permitting issues we
 have pending law cases and so on but there is some interesting development
 because the Minister of Economic Affairs, he tabled a law, a draft law yesterday or
 two days ago where they really want to accelerate the permitting process and
 the court proceedings and they also introduced something which is now heavily discussed also
 with the NGOs, that even
 if you
 dispute a permission in court
 that should still, until the decision is there, allow the construction to go on.
 And that would be both very helpful.
 So speedier processes, and you can go straight to the final court level to get a decision,
 and you don't need to go through the hierarchy, and also that nobody can, by pure tactics
 in the court delay projects.
 But let's see how the draft will go through Parliament, but the draft version, at least, looks very favorable for the industry.
 Thank you, Deepa.
 Next question, please.
 The next question is coming from the line of Piotr Tsiolovsky from Citi.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good afternoon.
 It's Piotr Dzięciołski from Citi.
 I have two questions.
 the first one would be a small on Nordex
 can you say
 what's the kind of a current cost structure of it
 How is it significant number, small number in annual Eurofigure as you take over the whole company?
 And secondly,
 I wanted to ask you
 the CO2 go back to this discussion
 because before the COVID-19, I thought there is an equilibrium,
 which is that's in mind
 by the switching between coal and gas as power plants.
 Now, if we take coal assets out, what will be, according to you, your expectation,
 the next equilibrium kind of threshold, how the market will restore longer-term
 Equiribium on the CO2 prices
 we should be looking at
 elimination of CO2
 what's the next
 Let's think to look forward.
 Mm-hmm.
 Thanks for the question.
 I mean, on Nordics, it's easy.
 I mean, we take over the company, yes, but it's a development company.
 So what you actually have is the salaries and OPEX for the 70 people and, of course,
 the development expenditures for the to be developed projects but I mean part of
 that is also capitalized.
 so it's a very
 I mean in terms of addition to the cost base it's almost not relevant I mean the
 The most relevant one will be the DEVX for the project and then the CAPEX.
 On CO2 equilibrium, I mean, yeah, actually the interesting thing is that the current CO2 price is already above the fuel switching price from hard coal to gas.
 The current stack in most of the times looks gas first, then lignite, and then hard coal.
 So if you take out hard coal now, that shouldn't change the equilibrium for the CO2-relevant
 fuel switching prices. There shouldn't be a change.
 the interesting elements as I said
 it's already trading above the count fuel searching level that can only be
 explain that actually the industry
 expect a shortage and this is always difficult to judge because this market
 is not an
 annual market, it's also since you can
 easily keep your certificates for longer you can also say it's partly a view on
 what to come in future years
 so I would not overrate
 the annual price which causes fuel switching that was in the old days of
 oversupply a good indicator but now the significant more time is to come maybe
 that's not the relevant indicator anymore.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you, Pyotr.
 Next question, please.
 The next question is coming from the line of Elchin Mamadouf from Bloomberg Intelligence.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi there.
 two questions for me please
 the first one
 on negative prices, and I'm sorry
 if you covered it before I missed the very beginning.
 Basically, what they reported yesterday, it was a small issue for them
 because of, you know, if the price is negative for the subsequent few hours,
 your CFP and what not
 You know, you can't recoup it through 30 days.
 so is that
 Have you seen it?
 been an issue with you
 for the second quarter
 and do you think the negative prices will become more or less prevalent going forward?
 The second question is on hydrogen.
 again
 And where do you think the value will lie?
 It is in the production of hydrogen, transportation of hydrogen, converting it to other fuels like kerosene, etc.
 where do you think the money will be
 And will you be a big player then?
 Thank you.
 Yeah.
 If I could answer the last question, life would be easier.
 I think it's too early to tell
 It also depends on how will the incentivization framework look like
 and how big will the market become.
 And, of course, it has the two angles.
 You can incentivize green production, and you can incentivize demand for green hydrogen.
 and in the end
 it will be then kind of demand supply
 on the different angles
 where I actually don't see scarcity
 is the production
 of green hydrogen in terms of electrolyzers.
 I mean, that's a proven technology.
 Where we definitely have scarcity already today is renewable projects because, I mean,
 If you believe on the demand forecast, and I have no doubt that that is a good assessment,
 We need so much green energy that every project which is actually in the pipeline of somebody
 They need to be built one day.
 It's just a question of time.
 So this is really a scarcity.
 on the demand side
 I think that will be a competition by the
 off-takers, who is, who can
 who can do it cheaper
 That's nothing for us.
 I mean, if you ask me where I see our role, it's definitely on the production side, green
 power, potentially, depending on how the consortia will look like, also the production of green
 hydrogen and then the structuring of the offtake I mean as we are currently also a
 a very relevant player in gas trading and providing solutions to customers and
 And that will also our role be in H2 and you can do that without producing as we currently do with LNG and natural gas.
 The first question on negative prices, I mean, for us, I mean, we have seen it in the UK and Germany, but it's not, it was not a relevant issue.
 I mean, it was not a big number.
 Okay.
 Thanks a lot.
 Thank you.
 Next question, please.
 the next question is coming from the line of
 Ahmed Farman from Jefferies.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, Holly, thank you.
 Two questions from my side as well.
 I was just wondering if we could
 get a little bit more
 color from you around these sort of how do you see the sort of the value creation opportunity
 relating to the Nordic pipeline,
 especially the sort of the near-term aspects,
 because you mentioned it's a mature market,
 Some of the near-term projects are fairly well-developed, close to fit.
 of the market where RWE had
 scale in the past.
 So I was interested in understanding a little bit more
 how you see the sort of the value proposition
 from from audibly and i guess the second
 question is relating to that.
 I think you mentioned earlier, right?
 this was one of the markets you didn't have presence
 and therefore you were sort of looking for opportunities.
 Looking at your existing portfolio,
 either from a pipeline perspective or a skill perspective,
 Are there any sort of specific gaps that you see
 that you think sort of the sort of scaling up
 could sort of benefit, be quite beneficial.
 Thank you.
 yeah
 Thanks for the question.
 I mean, I would not say that we failed on France
 because we were simply not present.
 It was always a strategic target to get a foot in the door, and now we have not only
 a foot in the door, but a significant pipeline.
 And the Nordex team was actually very successful in the French market.
 But I think they ranked number two in terms of success rates in two auctions in the last year.
 And they have not only built this pipeline, their business model was to build.
 and then when they were close to FID and they got them to the auction,
 they sold the projects to their potential customers.
 and I mean what what is the value creation potential for us I mean it's we
 continue what they have done in the past
 and we close our strategic gap
 and the team is not there just to deliver the pipeline
 which we have acquired, they will continuously develop projects.
 And the French market overall is very attractive.
 It's not so densely populated like Germany, so you have more space.
 they have huge build-out targets
 an even better remuneration framework
 with a double-sided 20-year inflation-linked CFD.
 so if you believe that
 onshore wind in France
 is good it will definitely create value
 And, I mean, we are a firm believer that also the political environment in France and their targets to go straight from nuclear to renewables will not be questioned by some of the next governments.
 So it's a very intact growth platform.
 the gaps in our pipeline
 I mean, I think it's always good to be honest.
 I mean, if you look into that, we are very wind heavy.
 so doing more on the solar side
 would definitely be good let's see how we can achieve it I mean we have that
 we have definitely ramped up our development activities
 And you will see more to come, especially in the attractive solar market like in the U.S.
 but still it's compared to the windside underrepresented.
 and the other one which is definitely
 significantly
 me.
 Taffa may be impossible to close if you look into our offshore pipeline
 there is in terms of COD dates
 and that's historically explainable
 because the on stopped and energy had also funding issues but we have a gap
 between 22 where we will commission triton null and then maybe the next
 projects will be commissioned according to the current pipeline around 25 maybe 26 and that is
 I mean, this is the profile, how it looks like.
 And if you ask me, you have two wishes, I would like to fill that time gap,
 and I would like to have more on the solar side.
 thank you very clear
 thank you
 Thank you, Ahmed.
 Next question, please.
 The next question is coming from the line of Firmino Morgato from Man GLG.
 please go ahead
 Thanks for allowing me.
 Hello. Just two quick questions.
 One is in deep offshore wind floating.
 I mean, what's your view in terms of the different technologies that are around
 and, you know, what you envision that will be the role of RWE?
 Okay.
 thanks for the question
 because, I mean, I can use it as an opportunity to clarify what our interest is.
 I mean, we are not turbine manufacturers.
 So we are not betting on a certain technology.
 and I have no view and also the team has no view what is the potential best
 floating technology for which market
 and rich sea conditions.
 so what we said is
 Let's participate in different technologies, be it concrete or be it steel.
 I mean, you have also different, I mean, I'm not an expert on that, but probably you are.
 you have totally different approaches to that.
 And what we said is we want to be part of a consortium of several technologies to be an early learner.
 we want to learn how this stuff works
 because it is a bit different
 than a fixed bottom.
 it is in terms of wind yield in terms of maintenance costs and so on and we want
 to learn that with different technologies.
 That doesn't mean that we will in the future, if we go into offshore, only use the technologies
 where we have been a partner early on.
 we can also use others.
 so
 you asked
 But for our role, our role is we want to be, we want to construct and we want to operate
 also offshore wind farms but we don't want to build the turbines or the
 or the foundations.
 very clear
 and just perhaps to tie up with
 Alberto's question and the role
 of oil companies.
 I mean,
 Do you think that deep offshore, you know, would be to do, you know, in joint events or in conjunction with oil companies that they've experienced from offshore?
 I mean that's speculation
 I mean, but if you look at our partnership landscape, I mean, we are operating one offshore wind
 farm together
 with Equinor.
 I mean, they are a partner in one of our farms.
 One of the floating technologies we are in, we are together with Shell in.
 but I think I mean
 that can go the one way or the other
 I mean, it's too early.
 I mean, we are open to discussions, but we could also do it ourselves.
 i mean and and and related question when i compare rwe and your strategy and you know what you want
 to be with the leaders
 in renewables.
 So, you know, in Europe, the girl in the NL, certainly.
 one of the
 compound missing on the
 investment thesis is the
 full commitment to a growing dividend
 I mean, when do you think that you can have that full commitment?
 and what kind of growth do you envision that you can sustain?
 I mean, I would not compare it to anal.
 I mean, Enel is a fully integrated utility with, I mean, most of the values sitting in the networks, and they don't operate offshore.
 I mean, our business model is, I mean, is different.
 we have actually given a clear
 commitment to a growing dividend.
 We said we want to continuously grow the dividend broadly in line
 with the development of the earnings of our operating core business.
 and since the core business
 given our investment plans
 will definitely grow also the dividend should grow and we discussed it before
 so I said I mean a good proxy is maybe the five cents on top every year which
 we have now delivered for
 for the last years.
 I mean, it can be maybe even more because, of course, a percentage goes down if you stick to an absolute cent number.
 But that's the commitment we have given.
 And we want to grow the dividend in line with earnings development in the core business.
 But if the core business, I mean, for whatever reason,
 cannot sustain
 I mean,
 cannot grow. I mean, what's
 your commitment.
 You will cut that
 the onion line,
 with the decline of earnings
 on the core business?
 I mean, we should now, I mean, we should stick to the two questions rules.
 So I still answer that one, but then we should give the next one the opportunity to ask questions.
 Otherwise, we need to do it in a one-on-one session
 over with the IR team, please.
 I mean if we don't have enough growth opportunities
 I mean the first thing which is questionable then is why do you only pay
 out 50% of your profit as dividend because you cannot employ it somewhere.
 So that would totally change the dividend policy, but it's not a question of a cut then.
 it.
 Thank you.
 Next question, please.
 As a reminder, if you would like to ask a question,
 please press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 The next question is coming from the line of Rob Pauline from Morgan Stanley.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, hi, Rob Pullein.
 I rejoined
 to ask
 another
 question
 if that's okay
 but given you've answered or not answered
 the question on the Humber.
 Can I ask about U.S. deferred tax liabilities?
 It's a wonderful subject.
 A U.S. exposed utility reported yesterday a large tax charge as projects reached COD and they entered into a tax equity partnership.
 So, will we see a similar tax impact at RWE as it reaches COD on your U.S. projects?
 Thank you.
 The answer to the text question is easy, no, we don't expect any huge number, but maybe
 the situation is different because you said a U.S. utility because we don't have
 Thank you.
 penalty ourselves so since we
 We don't have tax capacity, our taxes in the U.S. are zero, and we need to actually bring
 in financing partners to reap the tax benefits.
 So the tax effect on our business is more or less zero for a long time.
 No, sorry, Marcus, I said U.S. exposed company.
 It's actually a European name.
 No, we don't see anything like that.
 And you blame me on not answering a humbug question.
 What was the Hamba question?
 No, Humba. Humba offshore.
 No, we want to sell hamburgers, but probably you don't get a lot of money for some trees.
 no I didn't answer the
 humbug question because i said i mean this is the rumor and we don't comment on rumors what i just
 can reiterate is of course
 active portfolio management
 is part of the strategy, but we will give you
 an update when we have taken a decision
 and as long as we have not taken the decision
 to do something we don't talk about it fair enough thank you
 Thank you.
 Are there further questions?
 We have no further questions in the queue,
 so I'll hand you back to your host for any concluding remarks.
 Perfect.
 Thank you all for dialing in.
 stay safe and healthy and speak to you again
 latest at our Q3 results.
 Have a good day. Bye-bye.
 thank you for joining today's call
 you may now disconnect.
 Connect.