 Welcome to the RWE conference call.
 Markus Kreber, CFO of RWE AG, will inform you about the developments in the first half of fiscal 2020.
 I will now hand over to Thomas Dany.
 Thank you, Annika.
 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for joining us today to discuss
 other release result for the first six months of the year.
 joined by our CFO, Markus Kreber, who will run through the presentation before we move
 one to Q and A's later in the call.
 has in Q1 this year in order to compare like for like.
 Our presentation focuses on the pro-forma figures
 in comparison to 2019.
 Meaning that efforts taken over from ION in the third quarter last year included for
 adjusted EBITDA and EBIT for the full year 2019.
 And with this, let me hand over to Markus for the update on H1 2020.
 Thank you Thomas and the warm welcome to everyone on the phone.
 It's good to speak to you and I really hope you are safe
 sound wherever you are dialing in from today.
 The operational and financial performance in the first half of 2020 has been good overall
 And so far, we have only seen a small impact on the business from the COVID-19 pandemic.
 On a pro forma basis here and here, adjusted EBDA of our core business increased 9% to
 to 1.5 billion euros.
 The RWE Group's adjusted EBTA stands at 1.8 billion euros.
 We confirm our full year guidance and now expect adjusted EBTA to be at the upper end
 of the guidance.
 We also confirm our target to increase the dividend payment to 85 cents per share for
 this year.
 Our net debt now stands at 7.8 billion euros.
 This is a decrease by roughly 900 million euros compared to Q1.
 Our clear target is to meet a leverage factor of around three times adjusted core EBDA to
 you net that at your end.
 And we are delighted that the asset swap with EON is finally fully closed.
 The legal integration...
 integration and DHR integration have already been completed.
 The teams are now operating in the target management structure across the entire business.
 Let me remind you that the energy activities which we transferred back to RWE have been
 recorded in our group figures already, as they were commercially assigned to us.
 We do not see any relevant effect from the final closing in our financials.
 That is.
 We are excited about our latest announcement
 on the deal to acquire NordX 2.7 gigawatt development
 pipeline in onshore wind and solar.
 This gives us great option for future growth in the broad
 entry into the French market.
 I will come to pick.
 I will come back to that in a minute.
 Regarding our coal and nuclear business, we are pleased that the Coal-Faceout Act, which
 found broad consensus was brought into German law.
 Lignite phase out is supplemented by a public law contract drawn up by the federal government
 in the operators, which will pass the German parliament after the summer break.
 The law and contract are subject to approval under EU state aid law.
 we expect this process to happen in autumn this year.
 This is, we now have a clear path on how to exit from our remaining cold operations.
 Ladies and gentlemen, let me briefly come back to the transaction with NordX on page
 forward.
 This challenge
 is
 Action is a strategic pipeline enhancement and end our broad market entry into France.
 It strengthens our existing pipeline of 22 gigawatt and the projects to be built will
 come on top of the targets announced at the Capital Market Day.
 We expect CUDs as early as next year and additional capacity of approximately 500 megawatt in operations
 by 2025. We are also pleased that this creates a great opportunity to enter the French market
 at 1.9, because of the development projects
 are in France, of which roughly 300 megawatt are close to FID or in late development stage.
 France is a very attractive onshore market with huge built-out targets and the solid
 renumeration framework.
 France was the only large market in Europe where we were missing a pipeline and a strong
 development team.
 Together with the Python team.
 Thank you.
 An experienced team of 70 professionals, mostly based in France, will join us to drive our
 gross emissions in France further.
 In markets where we already operate assets, the pipeline gives additional options.
 being approximately 400 megawatt
 Sweden approximately 400 megawatt, and Poland a small position of more than 10 megawatt.
 the next steps. We have agreed an exclusive put option with Nordics on a
 a purchase price of 402.5 million euros.
 NordX kicks off the consultation process with the French Works Council, which needs to be
 finalized before the put option can be exercised.
 The completion of the transaction is also subject
 to foreign investment clearance in France
 and the completion of Common Carve processes.
 It is assumed that the transaction could be completed in the fourth quarter of this year.
 Now, back to the financials for H1 2020 on page 5.
 And our core business adjusted EBTA increased by 9% to 1.5 billion euros as a result of
 of a good performance in all segments.
 brought these peaking the good H1 result for offshore wind
 And onshore wind solar was due to the very good weather conditions in the first quarter
 and on shore capacity additions.
 The hydro biomass gas division mainly benefitted from the resumption of GB capacity markets.
 and the supply and trading division outperformed after a successful start into the year with
 which continue.
 Which continue.
 continued in the second quarter.
 Ladies and gentlemen, our wind and solar business is progressing well.
 The installed capacity remains unchanged at 8.9GW but there is more to come in the second
 half of the year.
 And we made good progress towards our growth targets for 2022.
 Amongst others, we have taken the FID for the Hickory Park Solar Farm in the U.S. with
 the capacity of 196 megawatt and the co-located 14 megawatt battery, which is due to be commissioned
 The project is under the Investment Tax Credit ITC regime and has secured a 30-year PPA with
 Georgia Power.
 Regarding the period after 2022, the Able, a more offshore wind farm, has secured an
 an agreement for lease with the Crown Estate.
 The project is an extension of operating Windy Moor Wind Farm.
 The additional Corata capacity is 300 megawatt.
 What are the next steps to the development of the project
 continue with a view to participating in CFD auction rounds in three to five years' time.
 Furthermore, we welcome the announcement from the Irish government at the Dublin Array offshore
 project has been designated as one of seven relevant projects, meaning it will be fast
 to the new marine planning regime.
 The project will add 300 megawatt pro rata capacity and is currently in the development phase.
 Subject to an updated content application and investment decision construction could begin in 24 with UD in 26
 And lastly, we are now participating in the third floating demonstration project, together
 University of Maine, as well as Mitsubishi Corporation, we will develop a demonstration
 project of the coast of Maine. We continue to drive floating offshore wind
 because we see great potential for floating wind farms worldwide, in particular in countries
 like the US with deeper coastal waters.
 Let's move on to an update of our construction program.
 It is progressing well, apart from some COVID-19 related delays, mainly at U.S. construction
 sides so that we had to shift the UD of approximately 500 megawatt from 20 to 21.
 Due to the adjusted commissioning plan, we expect the overall financial impact for this
 here to be a small to medium double-digit million euro amount.
 Please note that the PTC income level of the U.S. project is secured in any cases at all
 Now, we'll take a look at the status of the individual projects we presented to you at
 Q1, starting with the offshore division.
 Our Triton Oil project of flow construction work started earlier this year and everything
 is progressing as planned.
 At the Cascali project, contracts with main suppliers are signed, so preparation work
 is continuing and going according to plan.
 Construction work will start in Q3, 2021.
 The clock and the forest onshore wind farm is already generating and receiving revenues
 from the contract for difference.
 As soon as wind farm testing is completed and COD is reached, we will report it as installed capacity.
 Good availability at the Cornell onshore site has been achieved and the commissioning of the individual wind turbines is ramping up
 The actual commissioning date is scheduled for this month.
 We have updated our milestones and our big-grainment onshore wind project.
 part of the project, namely Raymond West, with 240 megawatt, will slip into Q121, whereas
 the commissioning of Rayman East with 200 megawatt is expected in the second half of
 of Q4 2020.
 COD of Scotio-Ridge has moved within the fourth quarter to the end of December this year.
 And the basis of the adjusted timeline construction work is on track.
 commissioning ramp up will start soon.
 the Lyman-Dale solar farm, the good registration process took more time than expected due to
 to the current circumstances.
 COD has therefore slipped into Q121.
 In total we will bring 1.3 gigawatt online in the second half of the year, mainly back
 and load it.
 With that, we can move to the details of the individual segments.
 The offshore wind division realized an adjusted EBDA of 585 million euros year-on-year,
 year on year, this is an increase of 19% thanks to higher wind speeds in the first quarter.
 cost cash investments in H1 amount to 316 million euros mainly driven by Triton
 and no construction work.
 the sale of the sea breeze installation vessel
 is the main driver for Roth's cash divestments.
 We confirm the outlook for the offshore divisions.
 Our onshore wind solar division increased 12% year-on-year and adjusted EBTA amounted to
 273 million euros at H1.
 Whether you drivers are an increase in capacity
 of approximately 380 megawatts a year, as well as higher earnings in Europe from above
 average weather conditions in the first quarter this year.
 Most of the gross cash investments are for the U.S.
 for projects.
 Recreation.
 Tokyo Rich and Casa Daga, as well as boarding springs.
 despite the small to medium double-digit million euro negative impact from TITAR commissioning
 faces and the delay at Big Raymond and Lime and Dale, we confirm the outlook for the full
 year.
 The Hydrobiome-As-Gas division delivered a good performance over the first six months.
 higher earnings results mainly from the British capacity markets.
 In contrast to the strong first quarter at H1 earnings from the commercial optimization
 of our power plant dispatch have normalized.
 In June, we signed a contract to sell our Georgia biomass
 business to Enbiba partners for a purchase price of US$175 million.
 The transaction was closed at the end of July after successful merger clearance.
 The disposal is already reflected in the guidance we gave you in March.
 The EBITDA contribution for Proforma 2019 was a good 30 million euros, in 2020 it is
 approximately have this amount.
 As we have already reported to the market, the fire at the Eames Hafen Power Plant has
 cause an interruption to the biomass co-firing which we expect to last until November 2020.
 This will impact the outlook by a small to medium double digit million euro amount.
 we also confirm the guidance for this division.
 Moving on to another quarter of favorable earnings development from the supply and trading division at H1 adjusted EBDA amount to
 to 322 million euros on the back of a strong trading performance and good results from the
 to catch an energy business.
 We didn't expect the division to replicate the exceptional performance of the first six
 months of last year.
 The division's outlook is 150 to 350 million euros.
 given the strong H1, the expect to end at the upper end
 or even above.
 Ladies and gentlemen, having now reported on the core business, let's move to the cold
 and nuclear division.
 adjusted EBTA has doubled here on year and amount to 310 million euros.
 As we already mentioned at Q1, earnings improved due to higher realized wholesale prices and
 in an updated production plan in the Lignite system.
 Nevertheless, we need to consider implications
 from the implementation of the Accelerated Exit Plan
 for the full year, we confirm the division's outlook.
 Moving on to the earnings drivers down to adjusted net income
 adjusted net income amount to 795 million euros due to the high-adjusted EBTA of RWE group.
 The negative effects in the financial result of minus 150 million euros from Q1 were partly
 compensated by the EON dividend of 182 million euros we received in the second quarter.
 Adjustments in tax are applied with a general tax rate of 15% in line with expected midterm
 tax level for the group.
 The tax rate of 15% has been derived from all income streams.
 It is based on blended local tax rates, the use of loss
 carried forward and the low taxation of dividends, including the Eon and Ambrion dividends.
 And now onto the Adjusted Operating Cache Flow.
 The adjusted operating cash flow shows the impact on that debt from operating activities.
 It is adjusted for special items and timing effects.
 a balance out over time.
 the utilization of nuclear provisions is not included.
 As you remember, we consider this as a financial cash flow,
 as when the nuclear provisions are utilized,
 They can be refinanced via financial debt.
 In H1, the adjusted operating cash flow top 2 billion euros and is billed up on the high
 adjusted EBDA as well as a positive effect in working capital.
 The change in operating working capital of 437 million Euros is mainly driven by the
 payment from the British Capacity Market from 2018 and 2019, which we received in Q1, as
 as well as a reduction of gas inventories.
 For the full year 2020, we expect this line item to remain positive for the same reasons.
 Turning to the details on the development of net debt at the end of June net debt increased to roughly 7.8 billion euros
 First and foremost, this was due to timing effects from hatching activities of roughly
 one
 billion euros mainly related to CO2.
 Another driver of net debt is the company's net cash investments, clearly linked to our
 strategy to expand in renewable energy.
 energy.
 The dividend payment for fiscal year 2019 is already reflected in the net debt figure at
 H1.
 We see a leverage factor of around 3 times net debt to core adjusted EBTA at the end,
 which considers the investment of approximately 400 million euros for the acquisition of the
 2.7-dB Nordics development pipeline.
 Volatility in commodity prices and interest rates could temporarily drive it slightly
 above three times, but if this is the case, we are confident that we would return to
 to our target level in the medium term
 without an impact on our plant cathex program.
 Finally, moving on to the outlook for fiscal 2020.
 As I already said, we confirm our outlook for this year.
 Adjusted EBTA of the core business will come out between 2.15 and 2.45 billion euros.
 EBTA for the group will range between 2.7 to 3 billion euros in adjusted EBIT between
 1.2 to 1.5.
 For both, adjusted EBTA and adjusted EBT, we expect to see results at the upper end
 of the guidance.
 Our guidance for adjusted net income
 is 815 million to 1.15 billion euros and we expect it to be in the middle of the range
 due to the negative one of in the financial result which we experienced in Q1.
 The dividend target is unchanged 85 Euro cents per share for fiscal year 2020.
 And with this, I conclude my remarks, and I'm now happy to take all your questions.
 Thank you, Markus, and as always, in view of time, please stick to two questions only.
 Operator, please start the Q&A session.
 Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your
 telephone keypad. If you change your mind and wish to withdraw your question, please
 Please press start 2.
 You will be advised when to ask your question.
 Our first question is coming from the line of Vanda Serbinovska from Credit Suisse.
 Go ahead.
 Good afternoon. I'm Vanessa Gniowska.
 Okay, these two questions for me.
 The first one is on the negative power price.
 In the UK, there is a clause in the most of the CFDs to say that if the power price goes
 negative for more than six hours than basically CFDCs to apply for that time.
 does the rule apply for all your assets in the UK and is and that's the same
 most similar will exist in other markets than other we operate in.
 The second question is on the renewables target growth,
 When can we expect RWE to rise the annual renewables target growth?
 I mean, we've seen recently NG, including the annual target
 from 3 to 4 gigawatts per annum.
 Thank you very much.
 Yeah, thanks for your question.
 I mean, yes, the negative price rule applies to the UK,
 And we have a similar one, but the technical details
 are slightly different also in Germany. I mean, I have to admit, I don't know the exact
 details.
 So far, I think, I mean, you can you can usually plan it because you know your
 the power price forecast on a quarterly hour basis for the full year and I mean it has
 not had a significant negative effect, which was not planned for us even this year.
 So for us, it's a minor technicality.
 And if you want the details, I think please call the team also to understand where the
 The German measure deviates from the UK one.
 On the targets, I mean, we already gave you an indication with the NordX pipeline that
 ...
 comes on top of our targets, but I mean our targets have been communicated in a couple
 of months ago, so don't expect us that we give you new targets every month.
 So when we deem it appropriate that we need to update the market about new plants or
 We will do it, but we will not do it on a quarterly basis.
 Thanks a lot.
 I mean I would appreciate if you could get back to me on the details, on the technical
 details on the negative power twice.
 I know that it's not the issue for this year or next year, but we see more and more often
 a negative power price on the market.
 Yes, we will come back.
 Thank you very much.
 But I mean, that's a remark.
 I mean, the moment it becomes viable, you usually, I mean,
 I mean, but the team comes back, but I think, I mean, for us, I think it's an overrated
 issue also going forward, because what we see is we get more and more flexibility in
 of this system in many markets.
 So the periods of very negative power prices
 should naturally come to an end.
 I mean, not for the specific plan.
 You cannot do anything for a CFD plan, but the market
 overall, because it incentivizes investments in flexibilities like batteries.
 And if you get more of that, it will definitely take at first the negative power crimes away.
 So we don't see it as a big issue going forward,
 but the team will come back on the technicalities.
 Thanks a lot.
 Thank you, Wanda. Next question, please.
 The next question is coming from the line of Vincent Irel from JT Morgan. Please go ahead.
 Yes, good morning. Good afternoon.
 Quick one, could you provide us a bit more color on Nordic's pipeline, but at an asset
 level so we understand we see the geographies so mainly it's to be a print in the in the
 the French onshore market.
 So we understand the strategy behind it.
 It would be great if we could get a bit more colour on the project level while the big
 projects which are in there and basically what is the expected time for contribution
 So, that would be the question one, and don't forget to subscribe to our channel for more
 videos like this.
 back on this, what is your view regarding acquisition of renewable assets given current
 prices.
 a pipeline is one thing, an existing operating asset is another one.
 Do you see that, like, by your creative, and would you, in such a situation, consider potentially
 really even founding larger acquisitions by reconsidering yours, thank you, Neon.
 Thank you very much.
 Yeah, and thanks for your question. Let me start with the latter one.
 I think for us, I mean, having a deep pipeline where we can invest our money, it would not
 Let's put it value optimal to actually acquire existing assets because we want to build them,
 we want to operate them.
 and us becoming a financial investor.
 I mean, I see it difficult that that is really value-accretive.
 It's a different thing if you can maybe swap assets here
 there to to to change the portfolio mix and get some synergies here and there
 But I I don't see it as very relevant for the near future. So I mean we are interested in strengthening our pipeline
 especially as we have done with the Nordics.
 I'll come to that in a minute.
 But acquiring existing assets, asset by asset, is not part of our investment plan.
 I mean, on the Nordics pipeline, I mean, let me start first with why this was strategically
 important, as I said in my speech, because France is a very attractive onshore market
 I mean, the double-sided CFD for 20 years in inflation linked, we have seen prices in
 in the last auctions between 62 and 67 Euros, so you can see that that is very attractive.
 It was on the European landscape the one target market where we really missed the present.
 So it was really a good opportunity for us.
 We looked into the pipeline in detail, as you can imagine,
 in the due diligence and I mean we have very good locations, good wind conditions,
 classes in geographic proximity that will provide efficiencies and I mean, I will not
 talked about specific locations now, because the transaction is not closed and we are bound
 to confidentiality so I can give you a view of how the portfolio will look like, I will
 will give you more color in a minute,
 And I cannot talk about specific sites.
 I mean, we can give you more color
 after the closing of the transaction.
 What we have already said is 15% of the pipeline
 is close to FID or very late development stage.
 and we expect the first CO2 is by 21.
 On average we would at least expect 100 megawatt from the pipeline per annum so that we have
 by 25 another 500 megawatt under operations.
 Including the purchase price of 402.5 million, we expect that the IRRs of the projects will
 be within our given range at the capital market
 we set for mature onshore PV markets we expect 5.4.5 to 8% but please I mean this is a very
 mature market and we had to buy it so don't expect it at the upper end of the
 four and a half to eight percent, but clearly in the range.
 We saw the price as attractive, I mean it's always very difficult to judge or assess the
 price from the outside in but we have also seen other pipelines we participated in many
 due diligence in France. So we know also our other pipelines look like and just looking
 get it from the outside in, you have seen acquisitions in that market which were priced
 at 150 to 250 euros per megawatt and we are at the lower end of that, but I mean that
 is very difficult comparing prices on that level. Pipeline by pipeline. The split of the
 the majority of the pipeline is more or less in line with the majority of our overall pipeline.
 I mean around as I said 15% is close to FID and late stage.
 We have around 30% mid-stage and the remaining part is an early-stage development.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you. Next question, please.
 The next question is coming from the line of Peter Bischtega from BOFA Securities.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi.
 Yeah.
 I'll take my questions.
 So just another one on the Nordics portfolio.
 Could you sort of tell us how the $400 million acquisition price and the, I guess, additional
 capex that you're going to be spending over the next couple of years fits into your existing
 five billion CAPEX budget? Does it display something else out of that budget or is it
 in addition, and I guess if it's in addition, then where have you found that extra balance
 capacity, please.
 And then my second question, as she was just on carbon,
 which has obviously been very volatile over the last couple of quarters, I guess, your
 or supply and trading division might have profited from that.
 But I was just wondering, could you give us your views as to what's actually been driving
 the carbon price, particularly as it's reached the mid to high 20s.
 Thank you.
 Peter, thanks for the question.
 On the NordX pipeline, yes, it will come on top of the five billion, as we have said
 with the announcement of the transaction.
 And now, the question regarding funding,
 I mean, as we ever said in the speech,
 We expect to be within the leverage target of the three times net debt to EBITDA, including
 the 400 million and I mean we have a lot of moving parts I mean if he is human and I also
 hinted to that commodity prices especially gas and CO2 and interest rates stay where
 they were at the end of June, then we have a good view of what are the moving
 cash items operating cash flow investments we know our divestment are
 into to Georgia biomass we're going to pay back the hybrids I mean that is all
 very stable and we can foresee that we end the year at around 3.0 but of course we cannot
 We cannot control commodity prices and we cannot control interest rates, but these are
 I mean, timing effects, I mean, it will normalize over time.
 That's why we are confident.
 If we move up, then it will come down
 without impacting the capex.
 Then later, the project investments after the,
 I mean, when we do CODs, that will be part of the capital
 allocation approach. But of course, as I hinted to, it will come on top of our existing targets.
 But I mean, I have a megawatt here and there that will not move the needle on the company
 of our site.
 Thanks.
 Welcome to Colbert.
 Sorry, carbon.
 Sorry, exactly, cab.
 Yeah, I mean, even within the team here we have two different views and I think that's
 It's a good reflection of how I see the market.
 Short term is more bearish because, I mean, with the COVID situation, with a very low
 get prices, significant fuel switching, muted industrial demand, I mean the demand for carbon
 certificate is definitely much lower than it has been expected.
 On the other hand, it's also clear that the more political mid-to-long-term view is more
 bullish because, I mean, somehow the European Commission needs to implement the more aggressive
 a CO2 reduction target and it doesn't matter whether they go to, I don't know, 50, 55 or
 or even 60% reduction by 2030,
 The significant part of that, maybe even more than half, needs to come from the EOETS, and
 That would definitely mean that prices will go up.
 And maybe what is different this time than in the last financial crisis, in the last
 financial crisis, we have seen that a lot of industrials who are sitting on excess certificates
 We are in financial trouble and they needed to sell
 Just to get liquidity, this is with the huge program of the central banks and the fiscal
 support now different. Maybe some industries take more the political long-term view and
 use the liquidity they still have to buy cheaper than they expect the prices to be.
 I think these are the two camps, short-term, long-term.
 And since this market is nothing, you can fundamentally
 And that's always a sentiment question.
 And I think the more dominant factor is definitely
 the mid-term to long-term political view.
 I can simply not imagine that if prices go down to 15 euros again,
 that the politicians will sit there and do nothing.
 Okay, interesting.
 Thanks very much for that.
 Thank you.
 Next question, please.
 The next question is coming from the line of Alberto Gandolfi from Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you and good afternoon.
 The first one is to go back to the Eon steak.
 We heard in the past that maybe badly countered
 half of that could be used against
 and the rest could be used for growth.
 growth, could you please confirm that? And when it comes to growth, can you help us understand
 the logic would it be contingent to maybe big offshore wind or perhaps to
 identifying something external like you just did with nor that can be something
 and bigger. And secondly, it's just thinking about M&A from a different perspective, like
 like RWE is a potential target.
 So we are seeing oil companies very quickly moving
 into the space, you know, VP with a 50 gigawatts net target by 2030.
 like yourself would be like a plug and play, you know, developing with existing capacity.
 Do you think there is a race to scale here, and what would be the best way for you to
 end of a threat like this one.
 That's all.
 Thanks for the...
 Thanks for the question.
 I mean, on the EON stake, I can just reconfirm that everything is to a value which we have
 set in the past.
 I mean, the ion stack is not tied to the lignite provisions.
 We just said we can't really use it.
 We could also back the Lignat provisions by other financial portfolios.
 And I mean, when you look at the potential sourcing of financing, yes, I mean, we potentially
 We need half of it to back the Lignac provision and the other half would be available to
 and capital rotation.
 But, I mean, that has not changed.
 It's exactly what we said before.
 Usually we have two questions, so you had three.
 Which one do you want me to answer now?
 The oil question or the other one?
 I start with the last question and then let's see whether we still have time.
 Perfect.
 Um, because I think that's a more interesting one.
 I do agree that we couldn't end up in a situation that is the race for scarcity, because it
 It might be difficult to, if you put together all the capital investment plans of everybody
 around in this in this field. It's almost impossible to employ that amount of money until
 let's say 2030, because there are simply not enough projects and you have more lead times
 to do it.
 So existing pipelines become much more valuable.
 I think the investors of big oil and others need to ask themselves the question whether
 it's really a green investment if you buy existing stuff from others, because that is
 in other positive contribution.
 It's just, I mean, over-bidding in prices.
 So, I mean, on the question whether we could become a target or not, I think your company
 is well positioned to help the oil companies figuring that out and beast it and wait what
 happened.
 Got it.
 I mean, that's speculation, I mean, that's not in our control, so what can we do?
 I mean, I'm actually happy that also others see the field of renewables and the overall
 power sector as attractive because that's the core of our strategy.
 And I think we have all the ingredients to be successful.
 We have a very experienced team.
 We have a deep pipeline, which actually
 needed to be developed over a decade.
 And, of course, we have an investment discipline
 and will ensure that we put the money where we get a decent return and we will continue
 doing that. I mean, developing our pipeline, investing in good projects, and also being
 on the technological forefront, be it batteries, be it H2, or be it floating offshore, where
 I actually don't see limiting factors is the long-term market growth because the long-term
 market growth of renewables and also power overall is, I mean, tremendous globally, the
 trend to electrification and to green is very supporting and we also don't see a limiting
 factor is funds, because if you have good projects, I think investors are actually looking for
 investment opportunities. And now you need to ask yourself who actually brings what to
 the table.
 I mean the ma-
 The market crosses there itself.
 not the problem, so what you need is experience in the pipeline.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Next question, please.
 The next question is coming from the line of Rob Pulling from Morgan Stanley.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, yes, good afternoon everyone.
 So, first question, Marcus, is, can we talk about the EU Recovery Fund and how do you
 think internally that RWE will benefit from this? And there's a second part to that, not
 a second question. Can you help us understand practically how the money flows from a number
 on a presentation slide into actual projects
 because that still seems very unclear.
 And the second question, and hopefully a lot simpler,
 is you have secured to make your edge in the UK.
 Could you provide an update on the process?
 You have leases for some of the other extensions.
 flagged at the CMD, namely Grated Gabbard, Gallipur and Rampian. Has that been successful?
 Is that underway or is that not this year's business?
 Thank you.
 Let me start with the easier one, Rob.
 I mean, we are working on the lease extensions.
 And it will be around 800 to 1.2, 800 megawatt to 1.2 gigawatt.
 And we are optimistic that we can finalize it
 and by then book it as at least secured by the end of the year.
 But it's going well.
 And on the European Recovery Fund,
 let me start with the second part of the question.
 Yeah, I mean, I think we will learn about it over the next, let's say, two quarters
 until the end of the year how the flow of the money will really go, because usually the
 the European Union works in a way that it's just, they don't have, they have only little
 funds like the Just Transition Fund, that stuff like that, where it's double-digit
 million, where they put money directly into specific projects.
 See you in the next video.
 See you.
 The European Union's budget is a huge kind of, I mean, shifting mechanism, so people
 are paying net in and getting money net out.
 So what now as a next step needs to happen is that the individual countries needs to
 come up with programs and plans where to invest the money and if that takes all boxes they
 they will get their proportional share of the money.
 So we need to wait for national actions where they're going to put and where they want to
 and how they support certain things is also unclear.
 I mean, you can do it with direct subsidy, you can do it with the renumeration framework
 is simpler financing.
 I mean, it's still totally unclear.
 And the only thing what we can do,
 and that's the first part of your question.
 I mean, we are also now actively looking especially
 in the evolving H2 sector.
 And, of course, what is obvious is if more renewable power is needed and you get it in
 direct renumeration framework for renewable power via the support of demand for green
 in Hydrogen, we are definitely ready to build more renewables, but we are also willing to
 to invest into the production of hydrogen.
 That depends on what agreement we find with the partners.
 Is it better our money or there, and how do you structure the contracts?
 The question is, who puts money into transportation?
 maybe more others, we're meant to be seen whether that needs to be unbundled.
 open questions. So, I think the important step now is to get the right partners together
 and think it through what is feasible, and you should usually start with the demand.
 I mean, who actually needs the hydrogen, and then you do backward read and read it.
 And I mean, I think these are the big fields, our current business already, so especially
 renewables and storage technology and the new one which will come in addition is hydrogen.
 And also, I want to kind of not spoil the party, but I mean, if you talk about profits
 from especially hydrogen, probably we need to wait a couple of years before it is relevant
 in terms of investments, but also in terms of profitability.
 And maybe the kickstart of the solar and wind business is a good proxy.
 It could easily take at least half a decade, maybe a decade before it becomes a relevant
 profit figure.
 That's super interesting. Thank you very much and good luck with the with the lease the lease rounds. Thank you
 We will update you whenever we have good news.
 Thank you all, next question please.
 The next question is coming from the line of Sam Ari from UBS.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi. Good afternoon, everybody.
 Thank you for the presentation and great results today.
 I just wanted to ask two questions, one on returns and one on farm down.
 So on returns, I think you had spoken at the CMD
 about 100 to 300 bits spread above WACC as being typical in the renewable business.
 These days, 100 to 300 bits doesn't actually sound that crazy as an estimate of the WAC
 actually, as well. And I don't know, the lower the whack, the lower the spread that
 that you need to make the same kind of value creation ratio.
 So it just seems to me that a year or two ago,
 was coming to talk about high-single-digit returns in renewables or mid-to-high-single-digit
 single digit returns. I'm talking about unlevered project returns. But are we now more likely
 to be going into the low single-digit returns territory and is that, you know, is that possibly
 Thank you.
 look for offshore wind as well where it turns. It's probably been a bit higher. I just love
 love to know what your thoughts are about that, the kind of industry level.
 And then my farm down question is just, look, I feel like we're going to see over time
 More and more pressure from auctions and tenders, and developers may be eventually
 force to bring the farm down partner with them to the tender.
 So, if you like the competitive pressure of auctions, it will mean that this kind of extra
 value arbitrage that you currently get in a farm down might might eventually get
 captured by the consumer or, you know, the public body that's doing the tender.
 So, I'm just wondering, do you think that's a reasonable expectation if you talk about
 what
 However, in the future, you will sort of, as standards, go to auctions or tenders with
 with a finance partner alongside, and have you talked to any specific funds or partners
 about that kind of long-term approach.
 So, returns and fund-downs.
 Thank you.
 Thanks for the discussion. I mean, on returns I agree that we definitely see that the WEX
 Ah, coming down.
 I mean, I also carefully read your report, and you also put now very low numbers to
 We'll see you next time.
 which I think is the right thing.
 But I'm not there that I would say we see now low single digit returns for offshore.
 That's not where we are.
 I mean, definitely if we have promised you the average IRR of an unlevered project of
 of 650 basis points for the investment program
 we have outlined until 2022.
 Potentially the absolute returns not the value creation, but the absolute returns of the next capex program will be lower
 but also because the VEC is significantly lower.
 But when you talk about the absolute level, I'm not at low, I mean low for me is free
 and please something.
 It will come down, but I mean what we see is not for the projects which we have after
 of the 22 horizon already visibility of the profitability I wouldn't call that low it's
 more medium a farm down I'm not sure whether I got your question I don't see
 I currently don't see that you have tenders where you need to bring your financing or where you have an advantage if you don't
 don't go into the auction alone and getting an advantage when you already bring the financing
 I haven't seen things like that.
 What is more and more obvious is that also now the new tender design to give you one
 example for Taiwan, that local production becomes a dominant thing, that if you want
 put money in some place, you need to prove that it's actually good for the regions where
 that you get the least.
 It's good for the people.
 create jobs, you use local suppliers. That is becoming more important. But what I don't
 is that it's advantage that you already, with the auction, say that you're going to farm
 that would bring a financing problem.
 Interesting.
 Okay.
 Does it help or do you want to have a clarification?
 No, no, no, that's fine.
 I don't want to take up too much time,
 I'm sure we'll talk about this again and thank you, thank you for, to, to bell for
 answers to send.
 We will.
 Thank you.
 to them.
 The next question, please.
 The next question is coming from the line of John Musk from RBC. Please go ahead.
 Yes, morning and good afternoon, everyone. Firstly, on the hedging of the outright book,
 It looks as if you've accelerated the fully-hedged portion, particularly in 2022, so we'll see
 It's a quite small chart, but from maybe roughly 30% to 50%, which is probably more
 than you would normally do in a quarter, so I just wanted to understand some thinking
 behind that, is there a particular view on power prices or spreads at these levels.
 And then secondly, on the three times leverage factor, just to confirm, that's not including
 the potential asset rotation at the moment because there are some headlines in recent
 days around some of your offshore assets that you might be looking to sell down.
 John, thanks for the question.
 I mean, on everything, you are right.
 we increase the outright hatch.
 So what we actually closed by that was the spread position.
 is there, I mean, what you could read into it is,
 If you think threats are fair, it's part of de-risking now to close it, and I think if
 if you look at current market prices and spreads,
 I think everybody expects a 100% recovery by 22.
 And if you want to lock that in, you better close the
 position now.
 And that's what we have done.
 that doesn't tell you what we, I mean, we don't know
 how the global economy will look like,
 But it's better to lock it in now than to keep it open.
 On the leverage side, the three times net debt to EBDA
 includes our plans on capital rotation.
 So it is our net investment target.
 I mean, we have outlined a net investment of around 1.5
 to 2 billion per annum.
 So, if we are going to invest more, given the profile, then it also includes divestment.
 I have already said that we divested, which is not yet in the financials, Georgia biomass
 for close to $200 million, $175 and some adjustments.
 And I mean, on the other things, we are considering our options.
 So, we will bring it to the net figure.
 But I now don't want to speculate on gloss and net because we always said that the leading
 matrix is 13 gigawatt net, so whatever we do on disposals, we will reach the 13 gigawatt
 net and also the EBITDA guidance for 2022 is the net guidance.
 and how we're going to achieve this with how much
 Have a good one.
 proposals that we need to give the current answer and tease in some markets, we need to
 to have some flexibility.
 And I mean, if you now want to get a comment on the rumors
 on disposals, I mean the comment is no comment because I mean we will update you when we
 We have taken the decision, we will not update you whether we have on a certain asset a
 market test or not.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you, John.
 Next question, please.
 The next question is coming from the line of
 Deeper Venkateshwaran from Bernstein.
 Please go ahead.
 But thank you for my two questions.
 So certainly in the US, if we do have a possible weekly for Joe Biden, and they bring in the
 2 trillion plan, I was just wondering how does that change, would you accelerate your
 grow your, the conversion of your pipeline in the US or practically how might it change
 anything for you.
 And my second question is, is on Germany itself, so obviously Germany has pretty lofty targets
 But we're seeing the auctions are continuing to go under subscribe on onshore winds.
 Do you see this situation changing with any kind of reforms?
 And would you be taking the lead as, I don't know, Germany's national champion on this
 you to also grab maybe more of the share in the German renewables market.
 Thank you.
 Deepa, thanks for the question. The first one is easy. We actually don't expect a significant
 impact from a potential federal election outcome in the U.S. on our business.
 I mean, even today, many things depend on state level.
 Of course, the tech support is a federal thing,
 but also the current administration extended the PTCs
 given the COVID situation.
 So, I mean, that's pure speculation.
 I would say it will not make a huge difference.
 And on Germany, of course, we would
 like to do more in onshore.
 and onshore in Germany.
 and we see undersubscribed auctions.
 The problem is that the projects are not ready to be bit into the auctions.
 We have permitting issues.
 we have pending law cases and so on.
 but there is some interesting development
 because the Minister of Economic Affairs he tabled a law, a draft law yesterday or two
 days ago, where they really want to accelerate the permitting
 process and the court proceedings.
 And they also introduced something which is now heavily
 discussed also with the NGOs, that even if you dispute a permission in court, that should
 until the decision is there, allow the construction to go on.
 And that would be both very helpful.
 so speedier processes, and you can go straight to the final
 court level to get a decision and you don't need to go to the hierarchy and also that
 that nobody can buy pure tactics in the core delay projects.
 Let's see how the draft will go through parliament.
 but the draft version, at least, looks very favorable for the industry.
 Okay, don't do it.
 Thank you, Deepa.
 Next question, please.
 The next question is coming from the line of Piotr Tsiolowski from Citi.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good afternoon, it's Piotr Genciowski from CT.
 I have two questions.
 The first one would be a small on Norddex.
 Can you say what's the current cost structure of it?
 how is it significant number, small number in annual Euro figure
 as you take over the whole company.
 And secondly, I wanted to ask you on the CO2
 go back to this discussion because before the COVID-19 I thought there is a nuclear
 which is that's a mind by the switching between coal and gas after power plants.
 Now, if we take a call after it's out,
 what will be according to you, your expectation.
 the next equilibrium kind of threshold, how the market will restore longer-term equilibrium
 on the CO2 prices, which should be looking at elimination of CO2, what's the next thing
 to look for.
 Mm-hmm.
 Thanks for the question. I mean I'm Nordic. It's easy. I mean we take over the company. Yes, but it's a development company
 So what you actually have is the salaries and OPEX for the 70 people, and of course
 the development expenditures for the two-beat developed projects, but I mean part of that
 It's also capitalized.
 So it's a very, I mean in terms of addition to the cost base,
 It's almost not relevant.
 I mean, the most relevant one will be the DevX for the project
 and then the graphics.
 Okay.
 on CO2 equilibrium, I mean, yeah, actually,
 The interesting thing is that the Kanz-U2 price is already above the fuel-switching
 price from hard coal to gas.
 It can't stack in most of the time slots.
 get first then
 and then lignite and then hard cold.
 so if you take out
 hardcore now that shouldn't change the equilibrium between
 for the CO2-relevant fuel-switching crisis.
 There shouldn't be a change.
 The interesting elements, as I said, it's already trading above the compute
 that can only be explained that actually the industry expects a shortage, but this is always
 is always difficult to judge because this market is not
 an annual market. It's also, since you can easily keep your certificates for longer,
 You can also say it's partly a view on what to come in future years.
 So I would not overrate the annual price, which
 causes fuel switching. That was in the old days of oversupply, a good indicator, but
 But now, the significant more tightness to come, maybe that's not the relevant indicator
 anymore.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you, Piotr. Next question, please.
 The next question is coming from the line of Elgin Mamadoff from Bloomberg Intelligence.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi there.
 Two questions for me, please.
 The first one is on negative prices.
 And I'm sorry if you covered it before,
 I missed the very beginning.
 Basically, what was reported yesterday, it was a small issue for them because of, you
 you know, if the price is negative for the subsequent few hours, your CFDs and what not,
 you know, you can't recoup it so it's up to date.
 So, have you seen it being an issue with you for the second quarter, and do you think
 the negative price, it will be some more or less prevalent
 The second question is on hydrogen, again, where do you think the value will lie?
 It is in the production of hydrogen, transportation of hydrogen, converting it to other fuels
 like E-Kiratin, et cetera.
 What do you think the money will be?
 And will you be a big player then?
 Thank you.
 If I could answer the last question, life would be easier.
 be easier. I think it's too early to tell. It also depends on how will the incentivization
 framework look like and how big will the market become and of course it has two angles you
 You can incentivize green production and you can incentivize demand for green hydrogen.
 And in the end, it will be then kind of a demand supply
 on on on the different angles where I actually don't see scarcity is the
 the production of green hydrogen in terms of electrolyzers.
 I mean, that's a proven technology.
 where we definitely have scarcity already today
 is renewable projects because, I mean, if you believe
 If you believe all the demand forecast, and I have no doubt that there is a good assessment,
 We need so much green energy that every project which is actually in the pipeline of somebody
 They need to be built one day, just a question of time.
 So this is really a scarcity.
 On the demand side, I think that will be a competition
 by the off-takers, who can do it cheaper?
 There's nothing for us.
 I mean, if you ask me where I see our role,
 It's definitely on the production side, green power,
 potentially depending on how the consortia will look like, also the production of green
 hydrogen and then the structuring of the off take. I mean as Viakali also a very
 relevant player in gas trading and providing solutions to customers and that will also
 our role be in H2 and you can do that without producing it as we currently do with LNG and
 And let's forget.
 So first question on negative prices, I mean,
 I mean, we have seen it in the UK and Germany, but it was not a relevant issue.
 I mean, it was not a big number.
 Okay, thanks a lot, I appreciate it.
 Thank you.
 Next question, please.
 The next question is coming from the line of Ahmed Farman from Jeffries.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, Holly, thank you.
 two questions from my side as well.
 I was just wondering if we could get a little bit more color from you around how do you see
 the value creation opportunity relating to the Nordix pipeline, especially the sort of
 the near-term aspects because you mentioned it's a mature market, some of the near-term
 and projects are fairly well-developed, close to FED.
 It's not a market where RWA had to scale in the past.
 I was interested in understanding a little bit more
 how you see the sort of value proposition from promotably.
 And I guess the second question is relating to that.
 I think you mentioned earlier, right?
 This was one of the markets you didn't have presence,
 and therefore you're looking for opportunities.
 Looking at your existing portfolio,
 either from a pipeline perspective or a skill perspective.
 Are there any sort of specific gaps that you see
 that you think sort of the sort of scaling up
 could sort of benefit, be quite beneficial.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, Ahmed, thanks for the question.
 I mean, I would not say that we failed on France
 because we were simply not present.
 It was always a strategic target to get a foot
 in the door and now we have not only a foot in the door but a significant pipeline and
 The NordX team was actually very successful in the French market.
 I think they rank number two in the types of success rates
 in two auctions in the last years.
 and they have not only built this pipeline,
 their business model was to build.
 And then when they were close to FID
 and they got them to the auction,
 they sold the projects to their potential customers.
 And I mean, what is the value creation potential for us?
 I mean if we continue what they have done in the past and we close our strategic
 gap, and the team is not there just to deliver the pipeline, which we have acquired, they
 will continuously develop projects.
 And the French market overall is very attractive.
 It's not so densely populated like Germany,
 so you have more space.
 They have huge buildouts, targets, and even better
 enumeration framework with a double-sided 20-year inflation
 link CFD.
 So if you believe that onshore wind in France is good,
 It will definitely create value.
 And I mean, we are a firm believer that also
 the political environment in France and their targets used to go straight from nuclear to
 renewables will not be questioned by some of the next governments.
 So it's a very intact growth platform.
 The games in our pipeline, I mean, I think it's always good to be honest.
 I mean, if you look into that, we are very wind heavy.
 So doing more on the solar side would definitely be good.
 Let's see how we can achieve it.
 I mean, we have definitely, we have definitely
 ramped up our development activities, and you will see more to come, especially in the
 attractive solar market like in the U.S., but still it's compared to the wind side under-represented.
 The other one, which is definitely significantly tougher
 may be impossible to close.
 If you look into our offshore pipeline,
 There is, in terms of COD dates, and that's historically explainable because Eon stopped
 and energy had also funding issues.
 But we have a gap between 22 where we will commission triton null and then maybe the next project will be commissioned
 And according to the current pipeline, around 25, maybe 26.
 That is, I mean, this is the profile how it looks like.
 And if you ask me, you have two wishes,
 I would like to fill that time gap and I would like to have more on the solar side.
 Thank you very clear. Thank you.
 Thank you, Ahmed.
 Next question, please.
 The next question is coming from the line of Firmino Morgado from Man GLG.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks for all of them.
 Hello.
 Well, I mean, two quick questions.
 One is in deep offshore wind floating.
 I mean, what's your view in terms of the different technologies that are around and, you know,
 what you envision that will be the role of RWB.
 Okay, thanks for the question because, I mean, I can use it as the opportunity to clarify
 what our interest is.
 I mean, we are not turbine manufacturers.
 So we are not betting on a certain technology.
 And I have no view and also the team has no view what is the potential best floating
 technology for which market and which sea conditions.
 So what we said is let's participate in different technologies, be it concrete or be it steel.
 I mean, you have also different, I mean, I'm not an expert on that, but you probably you
 you have totally different approaches to that.
 And what we said is we want to be part of consortiums
 of several technologies to be an early learner.
 we want to learn how this stuff works,
 because it is a bit different than a fixed bottom.
 It is in terms of wind yield, in terms of maintenance costs,
 and so on.
 And we want to learn that with different technologies.
 That doesn't mean that we will, in future,
 if we go into offshore only use the technologies where we have been a partner early on, we can
 also use others.
 So and yet you asked for a role our role is we want to be we want to construct and we want to operate also offshore wind farms
 But you don't want to build the turbines or the foundations.
 clear.
 It just-
 Perhaps to tie up with Albertus' question and the role of oil companies, I mean, do
 And, actually, that deep offshore, you know, would be better to do, you know, enjoy events
 or in conjunction with oil companies that they've experienced from offshore?
 I mean, that's speculation, I mean, but if you look at our partnership landscape, I mean,
 We are operating one offshore wind farm together with Equinoa, I mean they are partners in
 and one of our farms, one of the floating technologies we are in, we are together with Shell in,
 But I think, I mean, that can go the one way or the other.
 I mean, it's too early.
 I mean, we are open to discussions,
 but we could also do it ourselves.
 I mean, and, and, and the, and related questions.
 When I compare RWE and your strategy and what you want to be with the leaders in renewables,
 So, you know, in Europe, the girl in the nail, certainly, one of the companies needs to
 missing on the investment thesis is the full commitment to a growing dividend.
 I mean, when do you think that you can have that full commitment and, you know, what kind
 of gross viewing vision that you can sustain.
 I mean, I would not compare to anal.
 I mean, ANAL is a fully integrated utilities with,
 I mean, most of the values sitting in the networks.
 and they don't operate offshore.
 I mean, our business model is different.
 We had actually given a clear commitment to a growing dividend.
 We said, we want to continuously grow the dividend broadly
 in line with the development of the earnings of our operating
 core business. And since the core business given our investment plans will definitely
 grow also the dividend should grow and we discussed it before so I said I mean a
 good proxies, maybe the five cents on top every year which we have now delivered for
 of last years.
 It can be maybe even more because, of course, a percentage goes down if you stick to an
 absolute ten number. That's the commitment we have given. We want to grow the dividend
 in line with earnings development in the core business.
 But if the core business, for whatever reason, cannot sustain, I mean cannot grow, I mean
 watch your commitment and you will cut the digital union line with a decline of earnings
 on the core business?
 I mean, we should stick to the two questions rule, so I still answer that one, but then
 we should give the next one the opportunity to ask questions.
 Otherwise, we need to do it in a one-on-one session.
 obviously IR team, please.
 I mean, if we don't have enough growth opportunities,
 I mean the first thing which is questionable then is why do you only pay out 50% of your
 process as limited because you cannot employ it somewhere, so that would totally change
 the dividend policy, but it's not a question of a cut then.
 And that's it.
 Thanks for watching.
 I'm Joe.
 I'll see you in the next one.
 Thank you.
 Next question, please.
 As a reminder, if you would like to ask a question,
 please press star one on your telephone keypad.
 The next question is coming from the line of Rob Pullein.
 Rob Pauline from Morgan's Family.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, hi, Rob Pullein.
 I rejoined to ask another question, if that's okay, but given you've answered or not answered
 the question on the Humber. Can I ask about U.S. deferred tax liabilities, the wonderful
 subject.
 A U.S. express
 Those utilities reported yesterday a large tax charge as projects reached COD and they
 entered into a tax equity partnership.
 So, will we see a similar tax impact at RWE as it reaches COD on your US projects?
 Thank you.
 The answer to the text question is easy, no, we don't expect any huge number, but maybe
 the situation is different because you set a U.S. utility because we don't have
 We don't have tax capacity ourselves, so since we don't have tax capacity, our taxes in the
 U.S.
 are...
 are zero and we need to actually bring in financing partners to reap the tax benefits.
 So the tech effect on our business is more or less zero for a long time.
 Marcus, I said U.S. Exposed Company, is that your European name?
 No, we don't see anything like that.
 And you blame me on not answering a humbug question.
 What was the humbug question?
 No, Hamba, Hamba, of course.
 Hamba.
 I know we want to sell hamburgers, but probably you don't get a lot of money for it for some trees.
 No, I didn't answer the Hamburg question, because I said, I mean, this is the rumor and we don't comment on rumors.
 that just can reiterate is, of course, active portfolio management is part of the strategy,
 but we will give you an update
 when we have taken a decision, and as long as we have not taken a decision to do something
 we don't talk about it.
 Fair enough. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 further questions?
 We have no further questions in the queue, so I'll hand you back to your host for any
 concluding remarks.
 Perfect. Thank you all for dialing in. Stay safe and healthy and speak to you again
 latest at our Q3 results.
 Have a good day.
 Bye-bye.
 Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect.