 Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the conference call for analysts and investors,
 Spoon Finions 2022 Fiscal First Quarter Results.
 Today's call will be hosted by Alexander Fulton, executive
 Vice President, Finance, Treasury, and Investor Relations of Infineon Technologies.
 As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.
 This conference call contains forward-looking statements and or assessments about the business,
 financial condition, performance and strategy of the Infineon Group.
 These statements and assessments are based on assumptions and management expectations
 resting upon currently available information
 and present estimates.
 They're subject to a multitude of uncertainties and risks.
 many of which are partially or entirely beyond Infineon's control.
 Infineon's actual business development, financial condition, performance and strategy may therefore
 defer materially from what is discussed in this conference call.
 beyond disclosure, requirements stipulated by law,
 Infineon does not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements.
 At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Infinion.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you, Operator, and good morning and welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to our
 our first quarterly earnings call in 2022.
 As usual...
 we have the entire management board on this call.
 Reinhard Kloss, CEO.
 Helmut Gassel, CMO.
 Jochen Hanebeck, COO, Konstanzer Hufenwecher, CDTO,
 and Sven Schneider, CFO.
 Today's call is a special one.
 As we announced two and a half months ago,
 ago, Reinhardt will retire and pass the baton on to Jochen by 1st of April, after leading
 and Finian as CEO for nearly 10 years.
 So it's the last earnings call hosted by Reinhardt today.
 But for now, back to business.
 You are familiar with our usual procedure.
 Reinhardt Summary will again come after the Q&A.
 So please stay tuned until the end of the call.
 The illustrating slideshow, which is synchronized
 with a telephone audio signal is available at
 www.infinion.com.
 After the introduction, we will, as always, be happy to take your questions.
 However, today we will be strict on the one-question-per-collar rule in order to let as many participants
 as possible have to say.
 A recording of this conference call, including the aforementioned slides and a copy of our
 our earnings press release, as well as our investor presentation are also available on
 on our website at infineon.com.
 And now, for one last time, Reinhardt, over to you.
 you.
 Thank you, Alexander, and good morning, everyone.
 The new year has started and for us it feels very similar to how the old year ended.
 the business situation looking very positive.
 Our December quarter topped the record revenue
 and segment result levels of the previous quarter.
 Semiconductors continue to be the gating items
 in many verticals as demand is outstripping supply by four.
 Manufacturing capacities are being added, but ongoing cyclical and underlying structural
 needs are still exceeding them.
 Inventory reaches in some areas are going slightly up, but stay considerably below long-term
 averages.
 Of course, dynamics are different in the various submarkets.
 In sum, a supply-demand equilibrium will be reached sooner than in others.
 for our target applications, Automotive,
 Industrial Data Center and IO team.
 as well as other areas.
 We do not see this happening in the near future.
 future.
 supply limitations, especially from foundries, will persist well into 2022.
 In such an environment, specific supply disruptions in individual faps are being felt twice as
 severely.
 The December quarter was the first one in a while where we did not experience such disruptions
 and the numbers are clearly showing it.
 We started our 2022 fiscal year with revenues of 3,159 million euros, 5% up compared to
 the previous quarter, and a 20 percent increase here over a year.
 A stronger U.S. dollar supported these growth rates.
 Assuming a constant US dollar Euro exchange rate,
 The sequential glows would have been 3% and the yearly one 17%.
 higher revenue, our margin expanded considerably.
 With a segment result of 717 million euros, the segment result margin came to 22.7 percent,
 an increase of a bit over two percentage points compared to the quarter before.
 of our four segments were able to grow their profitability. Several factors drove this
 development.
 We saw a good products mix in an overall favorable pricing environment.
 In addition...
 And, as already mentioned, the absence of major supply disruptions allowed us to achieve
 of very good operational performance.
 Our effects are basically running at full levels.
 We take maximum COVID precaution measures, but of course, risks cannot be completely
 excluded.
 New term indicators tell us that the positive momentum in our key market is intact.
 The order backdrop remains very supportive.
 New incoming orders continue to outweigh cancellation by quite a margin.
 Thus, far we have provided book-to-bill figures as a proxy to assess the business situation.
 In the last course, we reported like-for-like numbers.
 We will cease to do so from now on.
 The ratio has lost much of its meaning given that orders are being confirmed more flexible
 in times of allocation.
 Besides, Infineon has lately been the only company regularly publishing book-to-build
 figures. Many of you have used them to reverse calculate our backlog. For the sake of transparency,
 We will provide you this figure directly going forward at company level.
 The combined total of confirmed and unconfirmed orders stood at around 31 billion euros at
 the end of December.
 a further increase of about 2 billion quarter over quarter.
 In other words, our nominal stable of orders correspondents to more than two years of revenue.
 It is fair to assume that some of it reflects cyclical shortages, and the number might go
 well down in coming quarters, as supply gradually improves and some double orders are being
 cleaned off.
 Having said this, we few underlying structural demand
 as very healthy and are fully booked for 2022.
 Now, to our divisions and their performance in the December quarter, beginning as usual
 with Automotive.
 The segment recorded revenues of 1,390 million euros.
 The 10 percent increase of the previous quarter was helped by a favorable currency development
 at the absence of specific supply disruptions.
 The higher volumes also led to an improved profitability level.
 The segment result came in at 261 million euros, resulting in a segment result more
 than
 of 18.8 percent compared to 16.7 percent in the quarter before.
 In general terms, the supply demand mismatch burden in the automotive industry remains
 quite wide.
 global car production in 2022 was only slightly up compared to 2020, with 76.4 million units.
 from my HS market estimate that around 10 million cars were not built due to semiconductor
 and other component shortages, as well as various supply chain issues.
 for 2022, the gradual easing of the worst constraints
 expected, but the recovery of worldwide auto production remains susceptible to external
 shocks like the spread of the Omicron virus variant.
 The 82.9 million vehicles currently predicted by IHS for this year will still be considerably
 below the 2018 and 2019 numbers.
 numbers.
 supply limitations are far from over and will persist well into 2022.
 The inventories are likely to remain tight,
 by it gradually improve with some replenishment moving into 2023.
 an overall constrained core market, electromobility is remaining on a strong trajectory.
 In fact, the current phase might once be seen as pivotal for EV adoption.
 In 2021, around 6.7 million battery-electric and plug-in hybrid vehicles were sold, basically
 doubling within a year's time frame.
 About half a million years ago,
 Half of these cars have inverters equipped with infinite chips or modules.
 With an industry-leading portfolio of silicon and silicon-corbide solutions, we are central
 to EV growth.
 make totally December were the first months ever in which more battery electric vehicles
 and diesel cars were sold in Europe.
 The core of the future will not only be carbon neutral, but also autonomous, fully connected, and cyber secure.
 This is opening up attractive semiconductor content growth opportunities for which we are at the pole position.
 Our Oryx microcontroller family has become the first choice
 automotive architecture for high growth and safety's critical application such as a
 and autonomous driving, powertrain, safety, as well as domain or zone control.
 At the CES, a couple of weeks ago, we launched a new Aurex generation focusing on addressing
 and growing vehicle complexity.
 The enablement of AI implementations and advanced connectivity.
 With its scalable family concept, Oryx is a key ingredient for dependable electronics
 and software-based applications.
 We expect orex-related revenues to grow strongly over the coming years.
 Now, to industrial power control.
 showing. Following a very strong second half of our 2021 fiscal year, revenues in the December
 water moderated to 382 million euros.
 a sequential decline of 6%, reflecting typical seasonal
 patterns in most application areas.
 A positive exception was power infrastructure, which
 amongst others comprises energy storage as well as EV charging stations.
 The segment result of APC came in at 73 million euros, corresponding to a segment result margin
 of 19.1% after 17.7% in the prior quarter.
 The impact of lower revenue was more than offset by positive mix effects and the fall
 away of costs related to supply disruptions.
 The current business perspective is positive.
 Our intake is strong, and many of our product areas continue to be on our location, and
 general inventories have down-ticked again.
 The market outlook remains constructive across the majority of end applications.
 a strong surge in sales to serve pent-up demand, mature markets like home applications
 For industrial drive, see a reversion to average long-term growth rates.
 Manufacturing PMIs are staying in expansion territory.
 Structural drivers in areas like solar power remain fully intact.
 However, some supply chain imbalances are limiting near-term growth.
 for Advanced Power Solution.
 based on silicon as well as silicon corbide,
 enable the energy transition necessary in order to meet CO2 reduction targets.
 and enterprises alike now need to turn net zero commitments into a specific course of
 action.
 Now over to Power and Sensor System, which continues its very strong performance scene
 in the previous quarter.
 The semi-use came in at 955 million euros,
 a bit up, sequentially.
 various components for smartphones witness the seasonal decline, all power-related product
 areas saw strong demand from court as power tools to server power stages.
 The strengthening U.S. dollar provided an additional tailwind.
 revenue.
 as a segment result of PSS etched up slightly for the December quarter from 276 to 285 million
 in euros.
 corresponding to a segmentary result margin of 29.8 percent.
 Demand remains very robust across a large
 maturity of applications.
 customer orders exceed our supply abilities by quite a margin.
 Around half of our products remain on allocation,
 and channel inventories are really in.
 This overall healthy picture should last well into this year, driven by several trends.
 data center, we see continued demand from cloud operators and hyperscalers, but also
 rising enterprise spending,
 motivated by return to office momentum and platform refreshes from processor vendors.
 The ongoing 5G cycle will continue to support smartphone upgrades and drive spending on
 telecom infrastructure equipment.
 The desire to make human-machine interaction more intuitive is calling for advanced sensor
 solution. One of them is Capacitive Inductive Touch, for which we recently launched a new
 generation of our cup-sense technology.
 It enables advanced solutions like proximity sensing,
 guess the detection and directivity along which,
 who were direction for demanding user interfaces
 in home, public alliances, industrial, consumer, and IoT
 products.
 closing the divisional revenue by connected secure systems.
 The segment strongly increased its revenue by 11 percent quarter over quarter to 427
 million euros.
 Korean drivers were a favorite product in the customer mix, strengthening of the US dollar
 and some supply improvements for microcontrollers
 and Wi-Fi products.
 These factors also led to a significant profitability increase.
 The segment result margin of CSS amounted to 100 million euros equivalent to a segment
 result margin of 23.4% after 15.5% for the quarter before.
 Going forward, we will continue to invest in R&D resources to further strengthen our
 product roadmap.
 Demand continues to be very robust across practically all application areas.
 far outstripping available supply, especially from foundries.
 Therefore, revenue potential is kept by scores of eight capacities.
 Meanwhile, we see ongoing momentum in design in activity, especially for connectivity offerings.
 Our Wi-Fi chipsets have been selected for a next-generation automotive infotainment system
 and by a leading smart home thermostat OEM.
 Generally speaking, connectivity is one of the key ingredients of our digitalization,
 And we continue to strengthen our position in this field with our air rock product family.
 a few recent examples.
 With our cloud connectivity manager,
 solution developers can easily and securely connect IoT devices to Amazon web services.
 We launched a multi-protocol solution, including Bluetooth Low Energy for small home applications.
 Samorting the Meta Standard, as well as low-power Wi-Fi chipsets and able precise location
 solution for the Israel location as a service company, D-York.
 All in all, our innovation pipeline around the IoT is well-filled.
 And now over to Sven, who will comment on our key financial figures.
 Thank you, Reinhardt, and good morning, everyone.
 It's always reassuring to report on positive numbers
 at the beginning of the new year.
 Let's take a closer look at our margin development.
 Gross profit in the first quarter of our fiscal 22 came in at 1,312 million euros, resulting
 in a gross margin of 41.5 percent, slightly up compared to the previous quarter, excluding
 non-segment result effects, the adjusted gross margin was stable at 43.9%.
 This high level reflects the good traction we are seeing in the market for our high value
 systems solutions, and an overall supportive environment in which we are able to pass on
 higher input costs related to foundry and subcon supply, base materials and energy.
 Furthermore, utilization rates at our manufacturing sites
 are high before coming to operational expenses, let me spend a word on currency development.
 As you are well aware,
 infinite benefits from a strengthening U.S. dollar as around two-thirds of our groups
 sales after the Cyprus acquisition are in this currency.
 And looking at very recent headlines this morning, I think I just want to stress that
 And again, in your calculations, please factor in two-thirds of the revenue signed dollar
 is not one hundred percent. Therefore, according to our well-known rule of thumb for sensitivity,
 For each cent movement in the US dollar euro exchange rate, we see a quarterly impact of
 around 15 million euros in revenue and around 5 million euros in segment result.
 To illustrate that, assuming the U.S. dollar stays at 115 throughout the entire fiscal
 year, this would lead to a positive revenue impact of around 300 million euros compared
 to our initial planning rate of 120.
 Reinhardt will build on this in the Outlook section later on.
 Now, back to our OPEX numbers, which at the end of September had seen a true up of variable
 compensation for our successful 2021 fiscal year and the currently running 2022 fiscal
 year, we accrue for bonus payments at a lower rate, reflecting internally raised targets.
 Despite this, research and development expenses remained flat, quarter over quarter at 399
 million euros, showing our consistent efforts to fund an ambitious technology and product
 roadmap.
 Selling.
 and administrative expenses.
 However, decreased to 330 million euros from 373 million euros in the quarter before the
 The net other operating income was 34 million euros.
 The non-segment result for the quarter amounted to minus 100 million euros of this amount
 That 76 million euros corresponded to cost of goods sold, 6 million euros to R&D expenses
 and 47 million euros to SG&A expenses.
 As a partial offset, the net other operating income
 contained 29 million euros of non-segment result income.
 The financial result for the September quarter was minus 45 million euros after minus 37
 million euros in the previous quarter.
 The income tax expense amounted to 117 million euros for the first quarter of the current
 fiscal year, equivalent to an effective tax rate of 20 percent.
 A quarter-over-quarter comparison is not meaningful as fiscal year-end, quarter-and-september
 was influenced by adjustments to deferred tax assets and liabilities.
 cash taxes in the December quarter were 51 million euros resulting in a cash tax rate
 adjusted for PPA effects of 7%.
 This is somewhat lower than our expectation for the entire fiscal year 22 of around 15%
 in many years, the cash tax rate for the first quarter is influenced by a time lag with respect
 to the assessment of prepayments.
 Let's now look at our investments into property,
 plant and equipment, other intangible assets, and capitalized development costs.
 total 408 million euros in the December quarter down from 596 million euros in the quarter
 before.
 We expect this amount to go up again in the coming quarters as we are consistently in
 investing to reap opportunities for profitable growth.
 Depreciation and amortization, including acquisition-related non-segment results, effects where 393 million
 euros in Q1 after 397 million euros in the preceding quarter.
 The free cash flow from continuing operations was 378 million euros, identical to the level
 achieved in the September quarter as higher operating income and lower investments were
 offset by incentive payouts that took place in December.
 The strong free cash flow contributed to a further improvement of our liquidity and leverage
 figures.
 The gross cash at the end of December was close to 4.3 billion euros.
 gross debt amounted to just under 6.7 billion euros, leading to a further reduced net debt
 figure of 2.4 billion euros.
 We are pleased to report already today to you that
 Cross leverage is now closing in on our target level of below two with sequentially rising
 a BTA. The net leverage at the end of December quarter came to a level of 0.7 times, underlining
 once again the strong business performance over the last quarters and the success of
 the faster than anticipated Cyprus refinancing and we are not standing still on our deleveraging
 path. In mid-January, we fully repaid back a former Cyprus convertible bond for a conversion
 amount of US$387 million bringing our gross leverage down further.
 We are proud that these efforts and our firm commitment to investment-grade are being
 recognized also by our rating agency. As you might have seen the day before yesterday,
 S&P Global increased our rating by one notch to triple B flat.
 continuing, sorry, counting from the closing of the 9 billion Cyprus transaction, it took
 because less than two years to get back to our starting rating level.
 finalize my part with reporting on our after-tax return on capital employed the
 for the first quarter of our 22 fiscal year came in at 12.5 percent.
 This number is underestimating the margin by which we exceed our cost of capital as it
 is burdened by bookings related to the acquisitions of Cyprus and international rectifier in
 the U.S.
 particular goodwill, fair value step-ups, and amortization, as well as deferred tax
 effects.
 to simplify our reporting we will not any more illustrate these effects by
 by providing an adjusted rosy figure going forward.
 back to Reinhardt, who will comment on our outlook.
 Thank you, Sven.
 The market environment continues to be characterized by tight supply and strong demand due to cyclical
 tailwinds and structural factors.
 Over time, capacities will gradually be added, allowing for some restocking from very low
 levels.
 but no full replenishment in the foreseeable future.
 Rather, across a large majority of product categories and end markets, everything that
 ship gets assembled into final products and sold.
 As a consequence, our outlook is still predominantly determined from the supply side.
 That is, by the extent by which we can expand capacities, both in-house as well as from
 external manufacturing partners.
 Regarding currency, we adjust our outlook to an assumed U.S. dollar euro exchange rate
 of 1.15 from 1.20 before. This is a major driver for raising our projections as you can
 conclude from the sensitivities Sven mentioned earlier.
 First, to the running second quarter of our 2022 fiscal year.
 We anticipate revenues to increase modestly to around 3.2 billion euros.
 division.
 expect IPC to grow sequentially by a high ATV by a low single-digit percentage.
 PSS should be flat and PSS seasonally declined by a low single digit percentage.
 In terms of profitability, typically the March quarter marks the low point within our fiscal
 year, driven by effects from inventory revaluation and price declines.
 as stated in the last analyst call already,
 We do not expect shots at dip in the current environment.
 Hence, the segment result more agent should come in again at a level of around 22 percent
 beating our usual seasonality.
 For the full 2022 fiscal year,
 year, we raise our anticipated revenue figure from 12.7 to 13 billion euros, plus or minus
 500 million euros, taking into account a stronger US dollar.
 At the midpoint, this would constitute an annual gross rate of 17.5 percent higher than market
 predictions.
 We expect to benefit from structural growth opportunities and the expansion of our in-house
 manufacturing capacities.
 From a divisional perspective, we continue to expect ATV and CSS to exceed the group
 average growth rate. PSS should grow in line with group average. For IPC, increase or projected
 growth slightly to a high single digit percentage range.
 Specifically, talking about silicon carbide.
 We confirm our goal to roughly double our business again and achieve close to 300 million
 euros of revenue in our 2022 fiscal year.
 So in this area, the demand lies clearly above available capacities.
 On a cautionary note, our outlook is predicated on the absence of larger supply chains to
 disruption, or other new bottlenecks.
 whereas our current visibility is fairly good.
 the resurgence of COVID-19 cases and the rapid spread of the Omicron virus variant create
 uncertainties. Bearing this in mind, we are confident about our margin trajectory. Therefore,
 We are firming up our guidance for the segment result margin, which goes from 21 to a level
 of 22%, assuming the expected revenue comes in.
 As already mentioned, constant price increases do not necessarily occur at synchronized points
 in time.
 our protection for investment property,
 plant and equipment, other intangible assets and capitalized development costs remains
 unchanged at around 2.4 billion euros.
 The key projects are the expansion of 300 millimetre silicon capacities at the Dresden and Philafsides
 and expanding our wide band gap manufacturing
 in Phila and also Kulim, Malaysia.
 For depreciation and amortization, we expect a value between 1.6 and 1.7 billion euros,
 including a marketization of around 400 million euros,
 resulting from the purchase price allocation for Cyprus and, to a lesser extent, so related
 to international rectifier.
 For a free cash flow, we expect a level of around 1 billion euros.
 Overall, we are well set to continue our
 successful journey into 2022.
 Before coming to your question, please allow for a short personal note.
 Today's analyst call will be the last one for me as Infineon CEO.
 The first one was 10 years ago.
 I have enjoyed the rigor of this quarterly exercise.
 Same as I have enjoyed the dialogue with you.
 As cell side analysts, you are the key link between our company and our owners, as well
 as general capital markets.
 Many things for all your support, reports and recommendations, and particularly those
 by and strong by.
 Many thanks for all your investigative questions.
 I hope I could answer most of them throughout the years, but I'm sure you have a couple
 more.
 Come on.
 of them, I might pass on to Jochen who will chair this call from next quarter onwards.
 Thank you.
 Our question and answer session will be conducted electronically.
 If you would like to ask a question, simply press the star key followed by the number
 one on your telephone. If you're joining us today using a speakerphone, please ensure
 that your mute function is turned off.
 Once again, in order to be fair to all participants,
 Please keep it to one question.
 And we'll take our first question, then, from Alex Duval, from Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 to Reinhard as well for all the dialogue and help over the years and so one
 One question was just on what you said about your business and tightness not being resolved
 in the near term. It sounded like you said you think tightness is going to persist for all of
 of Auto, Industrial, and Data Center.
 So can you just clarify is that correct?
 can you give a bit more color and what NATO means? To what extent do you see
 areas of the business that are likely to come more into balance this year?
 and could you help us think about the phasing as we look through the year? Many thanks.
 Thank you, Alex. First of all, in general, yes, our outlook is definitely affected by
 the tightness of supply, mainly from frowned rays, and Helmhut will go into details for
 the outermort of market. We also can briefly touch on other verticals, but I think the
 The major one is the automotive, not to forget also our CSS segment.
 happy to add some color. At first, yes, the current demand situation is by far exceeding
 capability supply. That is in particular true for automotive figures have been reported
 by analysts that about 10 million cars would have been built more in last year than actually
 was possible through the shortage of semiconductors and other materials, and certainly there
 is a need to catch up with that figure throughout the year.
 So, for the entire year 22, we do see that demand in automotive will continue to exceed
 gradually improving over the year, yet there is definitely no doubt that demand will be
 more than sufficient to fill the books of ours.
 There is other verticals that are also very strong or remain to be very strong.
 Let's say the server market in the compute area, definitely we see to hold on very strongly
 On the renewable side, in particular, solar is going to be driving double-digit growth,
 So many other things besides automotive continue to drive our demand up.
 Yeah, then the situation
 I will hand over to Jochen, but we expect that the foundry supply will improve in second
 have here. You see it only partially in our numbers. One addition to the automotive segment
 But what we also see is that the current model is not any more fitting 100 percent as the
 The feature level in cars has increased significantly, and the automakers are moving to higher
 and cars, but also in the midsize, much more is added, especially in the electric, but
 capacity and supply. Jochen, can you comment please?
 Yeah, thank you, Reinhardt.
 So let's start with the tightest area, which is still from the foundries.
 We secured more wafers in 22 than in 21, but mainly back-loaded, meaning supply improves
 for the second calendar year, which is then, of course, only reflected partially second
 half of the calendar year, okay, which is of course only reflected then partially in
 in our forecast for our fiscal year.
 We see the tightest supply areas still in the, let's say, mature nodes from 130 down
 to 4028. On the power side, our outsourcing share is not very significant. There we see
 some additional supply in the market.
 But on the power side, we of course benefit mainly from our continuous ramp in our own
 factories, and here the capex spent in 2019, 2020, 21, of course, give us the momentum
 reflected lately by the opening of our new 300-millimeter factory in Phila.
 Many thanks.
 Thank you.
 Our next question now comes from Sanjeev Deshpande from JP Morgan.
 Thanks for letting me on. Since you left off, I'm not talking about your vaccines. We luck has the ramp up plans of the factory and we love change at all.
 how quickly will it ramp up and is the capex that you have outlaid for this year 2.4 billion
 euros enough to ramp it up or is there a potential that you may raise the capex again through
 the year.
 Hi Sandeep, thank you for the question right away to Jochen.
 Yeah, so the current environment is
 determined by, let's say, lead times of equipment.
 In general, I feel very comfortable with the page we showed at the CMD where we showed
 two facilities ramped up over the time.
 Of course, we would take any advantage of equipment becoming earlier available to boost
 this ramp, but this is difficult in the current market environment.
 And so that is more determining everything than the, let's say, CAPEX budget number.
 One addition, Sandeep, we are in a very good position
 that we also can now ramp in 200, 300 millimeter factories,
 which we reported before.
 Understood. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 We'll now go to our next question from Didier Scammerma from Bank of America.
 Yes, thank you. It'd be first the world to run out and thank you for your leadership of the last decade and turning infinity. What is today?
 We'll miss you.
 My question is this.
 So you've given us your backlog of 31 billion euros at the end of December, and I just wanted
 to understand how you reconcile that backlog with your revenue guide for fiscal year 22.
 How much of that is non-cancelable orders and also the benefit of pricing in your fiscal
 a 22 revenue guide. Thank you.
 Thank you, and Helmut will take it, but in general we have various patterns in our order
 concept and have more people go into detail.
 Yes, I did hear you. Welcome. The backlog we reported, obviously, is exceeding by more
 than two of our revenue forecasts that we have for the year.
 So clearly, the backlog, I'd say, has a maturity where 80%, around 80% of that, is
 targeted for the next 12 months. And obviously, that doesn't fit to our revenue forecast so
 that we will not be able to fulfill all of this.
 So I think at this time, non-cancellable orders are really a term that is not necessary
 given the fact that you have that maturity and absolute number.
 You also had, let's say, the additional aspect of pricing.
 I think we see out of the revenue growth
 for the year that we have planned.
 More than 50% of that is actually coming from volume.
 But we do have a triple digit effect in terms of pricing as well as from the U.S. dollar
 in the current forecast included.
 One addition to that, non-cancellable orders are double-sided sword.
 for sure we'll get the revenue for the time being but we experienced this in
 in format times where we had such contracts.
 And after the periods where the non-cancellable orders are, I would say, finished from the
 the contract, we saw significantly dip in revenue.
 We very much prefer to be close to the market and follow our customers along these lines,
 And I ask them to participate in the risks of idle cost.
 Thank you.
 Next question from Andrew Gardnier from City.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning, gentlemen.
 Thanks for taking the question.
 First of all, I echo sentiments of my peers, best wishes Reinhardt.
 I had a question for you on the margin front with the results you just reported for December
 And then the outlook you've given us for the March quarter,
 you're looking at margins in the low to mid 22% range for the first half of the fiscal
 which then begs the question with continued revenue growth in the back half
 full utilization, the supply-demand imbalance you've talked about, why would
 margin decline in the second half of this fiscal year to drive only 22% operating margins
 for the year. Thank you.
 Yeah, so thank you Andrew and I was when Ori hinted slightly in his presentation
 but I think it makes sense to go more into detail.
 Thank you, Andrew, for the question.
 As we said, the margin, perspective, and trajectory is, of course, the sum of many different
 parts.
 There are some pluses and there are some minuses as always and I think the most important thing to notice as we have said last
 time and this time in Reinhardt's part as well, this typical seasonality is no longer
 fully in sync of talking about cost increases and price pass
 through. So therefore we also need to be here a bit mindful of how we interpret
 quarters. But looking at how we come to the 22% for the full year, I mean, as you say,
 we have
 now 22 something in the books. We are guiding for 22. The first half of the year would then
 be a little bit less than 50% of the revenue guidance for the full year and taking all the
 positives like pricing, environment, the revenue fall through on the gross margin, lower idle
 cost the currency contribution on the positive side, and further cost pressure from foundries,
 from commodity prices and all that into an equation
 and also having a, I would call it, a balanced approach
 between risks and opportunities.
 we just talked about opportunities.
 If a foundry supply would be a bit higher in second half,
 But there could be also a risk that an Omicron impact could hit our supply side if that would
 not materialized, there would be some kind of upside. That's also the reason why in the
 revenue guidance we have given you 13 billion plus 500 million so taking all that together
 we think it's a balanced approach of coming with 22, taking all these factors into conservation
 and last element, as also explained, I think, well, at the Capital Markets Day, please also
 always factor in, especially for CSS, but also for the group that we are heavily investing.
 We are pre-funding P2S revenue synergies.
 We are investing into white-band cap, and that also has an impact on the margin side
 going forward.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. We'll go to our next question now from Alexander Peter X from society general. Please go ahead
 I'm going to go ahead.
 Yes, good morning.
 Good morning, thank you for the question and congratulations to Ryan Hutt for taking
 infinite to what it is today.
 Great job done there.
 I'd like to come back a little bit on the CapEx situation.
 you know, given the very, very strong demand patterns
 and the inability of the industry to supply outstanding demand,
 Would there be any upsides to your capital budget for the year and what would you ideally
 like to spend this year if you have no constraints
 on the side of the equipment suppliers.
 Okay, that is an interesting question we never asked ourselves, no joking, I think yes, of course.
 And Jochen can go into details.
 Yeah, we always invest in a meaningful manner.
 And let's face it, we have now February,
 You know, our fiscal year ends in September,
 in difference to our competition.
 So 2.4 billion is a good number.
 Again, if there are opportunities, we would take them, but the market is currently limited
 by equipment, and it doesn't make sense to take equipment on the books, which is not
 in the critical path to more revenue. But again, we are planning here along our structural
 growth drivers and plans and that is over multi years and of course will expand our
 our capacity in order to take advantage of the coming growth in all our target markets.
 Yeah, maybe one add on here. I think especially in the Silicon Corbett area, but we would be happy if we could accelerate the
 capacity ramp up, but here, as Jochen said, the supply is limited from the equipment
 side.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Our next question now comes from Adi Esa, Matuku from Credit Suisse.
 Yeah, good and good morning guys and again firstly to Reinhardt and it's been great
 following the company over the last decade and seeing the way you're built up in Phinney and so
 you know I wish you the very best in your future endeavors so just I had two
 questions. Firstly, your peers have recently been talking about capturing more of the value
 added by semi is, you know, talking about how pricing dynamics in the industry are changing
 toward the being I've lost 20 years.
 And I just wonder when you gave your margin target,
 you gave it when you bought Cyprus and pricing dynamics in the industry were very different
 the 19% through cycle margin target and you're already a 22% segment result margin and you're
 talking about some potential upside depending on how the year goes, but I just wonder how
 How should we think about any upside potential to the through-cycle margin target of 19%
 as these pricing dynamics change,
 any color you can provide around that would be helpful.
 And then just on the pre-cash flow,
 question for sweats when, you know, there's no, you're obviously updated by then you're
 keeping your cabx flat, so are there any material parts we should be aware of when modeling
 free cash flow, remaining it about a billion, any color around that would be helpful.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, thank you.
 I will hand it over, but due to the acquisition,
 I want to make a brief remark.
 At the time, we had maybe a different pricing situation,
 but also a different supply situation.
 Considering this heads and tailwinds, we believe that we are very successful in getting the
 value and the acquisition, especially taking into account that we are still in a hard
 to no-touch scenario of the integration process.
 Therefore, I believe it is a very balanced number,
 but Sven, please elaborate on that more.
 Yeah, thank you, Adi, for the question.
 And let me maybe start with the obvious, as we said in the past, this 19% profitability
 level is a
 .
 the cycle number. And through the cycle to us means that in boom years, in good years,
 need to be significantly above the number, as in bad years, a COVID year, for example,
 which was not as bad at Infinion as for others,
 but still below the margin target.
 you saw it to the downside.
 So having now a three percentage points up compared to the 19 is, from my perspective,
 just the confirmation that the through the cycle logic works.
 The other thing I just want to repeat if you recall our capital markets day at the in the Q&A session
 I said that once markets have normalized and once all these supply demand imbalances are
 are fading out, we will upgrade our target operating model.
 So I can confirm that, but I think at that moment in time, there is nothing to add from
 that perspective.
 to your free cash flow question.
 Why have we not changed the 1 billion given that we have now 300 million more of revenues?
 I mean, mathematically, there would be a small additional component.
 I agree, but it's an around number, and also, please,
 factor in that in order to secure supply for the years to come, we are also entertaining
 discussions with our suppliers on some pre-payments which have also an impact on the free cash
 All that is factored in into the guidance.
 Understood.
 Thank you.
 Our next question now comes from Stefan Ari from Odo. Please go ahead.
 Yes, good morning.
 I have a question on the automotive margin actually because it's pretty high at the moment
 that in the past you were saying that there was a significant difference between
 and kind of more classic automotive business, can you update us on this and what do you
 you see going forward for this.
 Thank you, Stefan.
 Helmut will touch on that.
 But first of all, I want to remind you that for a very long time we communicated that
 that we have to improve the margin in the EV business means the IGBT and Silicon Carbide
 and other products going in there.
 And there we have been very successful as volume was up and I would say we managed it well
 predicted, but there are other factors in the portfolio structure I hand over to Helmut.
 Yeah, thank you, Stefan, for the question.
 First of all, EV Dynamics is continuing to be super strong, doubling the volume of plug-in
 in battery driven vehicles and in particular battery electric vehicles are super strong.
 China, again, leading the growth with more than doubling as compared to the previous year
 Again, which, by the way, side note, not to your question, but in general, interesting
 He's also driving charging infrastructure, which is another important growth driver for
 in Phineon.
 bracket closed. So, as to the margin, as Reiner said, we have been working on improving our
 cost position, one side, other thing is we are very strong in modules as well as in the
 the chip business that we provide to this market, and there is a margin difference between
 the two. In fact, as there is less material that we have to purchase on the chip side
 at the margin is generally higher.
 So that's the structural effect that certainly helps us.
 Automotive then in general is also trending towards higher end vehicles.
 This path continues as well, which is driving components with higher value again.
 So that is all contributing to a margin improvement in automotive.
 Okay, thank you very much
 Thank you.
 We have
 I have a question now from Sebastian Staubowicz from Kepler.
 Thank you and thanks for taking the question.
 You'll be provided for mitigation on the size of your back clock today on the Silicon
 carbide and also have you seen any change in the competitive landscape for
 Silicon Carbide because it seems that some Chinese companies are investing increasingly
 in power semis, generally speaking, but also in silicon carbide, like CIR micro and other.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, thank you for your question, Sebastian.
 First of all, we want to say that we still see, or we are very proud of that, we are
 very advanced in the technology progress and are leading the industry on the trench-based
 Silicon Carbide MOSFET.
 We are pretty much in line with our goal to one billion
 in the mid-twenties, and the order backlog here is, I would say, developing quite positively.
 We are a very, I would say, reliable partner.
 We do not offer to our customers, especially in automotive industry, more capacity than
 we foresee in the nearer future, so I would say the outlook is more supply-constrained
 And here, we would expect that in all verticals, we could do more.
 that is charging stations.
 it is renewable power supplies for photovoltaic as in the drivetrain, and I think here, there
 We cannot give you a precise number and we see
 opinion becoming a leader in this market as we go forward.
 But the investment plans we talked about, especially moving to Coulomb, will be a substantial
 part of it and they have more to come in the next quarters.
 Thank you.
 Jerome Ramos from BMP Paribas has our next question.
 You're welcome.
 morning. Thank you all night for this year and a better
 like for the future.
 My question is concerning the Fuljo-Rovey's guidance,
 When we look at the guidance in critically,
 That's one half of this year.
 just 4% of both the first half. So I'd just like to understand the
 your dynamic there because on one hand you can have a little bit more
 capacity coming online, also coming from the phone rate,
 and the synonymity of dementia will be a bit stronger.
 So I'm just a little bit surprised
 if we don't see more upside in the second half
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Jerome. I think we touched it a little bit already.
 Jochen said something and we will share that question, but as we move forward we see that
 that capacity is coming on in-house as we are investing, and the foundry is still pretty
 constrained affecting ATV, CSS, and also PSS. Please don't forget that in many areas we
 We have kind of a bundle solution that we could deliver more power, but are constrained
 in other areas.
 Johan, can you please go into detail?
 Yeah, first of all, I would like to reiterate that the additional foundry waivers we are
 getting are rather good for revenue in the second half of the calendar year 22 and I
 And I would also like to point that we bake in some risk into the forecast, nothing like
 as Reinhardt said in his intro, nothing like a Texas winter storm, but I do, I am concerned
 about Omicron spreading, for example, in China, zero COVID strategy there.
 So let's see if we come into the next quarter, but for right now, we see it as a balanced
 forecast and some risks are baked in. Of course, we do not know yet exactly where they are
 going to be.
 But again, what we said in the intro,
 We do not see market risk.
 We see the balance forecast which we are giving is a supply-based forecast that we have figured
 in risks and opportunity, you know, in Phinian how we act. And therefore, I believe the
 The good message is the market would support more.
 Thank you very much for watching.
 Thank you.
 Have a great week.
 Bye.
 Thank you.
 We have a question now from Johanna Scholler from Deutsche Bank.
 Yeah, thanks for taking my question and awesome, it's a plus from my side.
 Thank you for making it so many on what it is today and the great communication with
 us analysts. So all the best for your future. And again, Mr. Hanepek, congratulations on
 I'm taking over.
 I wanted to dig a little bit deeper on the 5G gallium nitride on silicon
 business you talked about on the last call.
 I mean, doing a bit of digging on that, it feels like your customer and design pipeline
 is probably quite broad, and the financial opportunity maybe there is even bigger than
 the LDP, sorry, the LDMOS business that you sold to Wolfspeech. Can you talk a little bit
 It's just about the breadth of that opportunity and maybe also how we should be thinking about
 the sides of that over the next year. So thank you.
 Yeah, thank you.
 Uh, uh, um,
 You're on us.
 Well, the situation with the gallium nitride on silicon for RF application is a complex
 one.
 The opportunity there lies in the application and the introduction of the high complexity
 MIMO architectures moving away from, I would say, the, kind of, let's call it, single antenna
 a concept. And here you see two things to happen. And we see these on good track. First
 Both of all, the gallium-nitride technology has to develop, and they are quite substantial
 challenges in the behavior of gallium nitride RF components where we believe we have solved
 that this better than the competitors make it more easy for our customer to design it
 in.
 the other side, we also see that the adoption of new architectures has to go on. And of
 Of course, we see in this a very wide interest, but also some challenges due to the geopolitical
 constraints, which does not enable us to move everywhere fully freely.
 And here we have a very great technical cooperation, but see a great opportunity to go beyond.
 We will see this gradually growing, but we should not overestimate the consequence on
 the business as it will remain a smaller absolute number of revenue, but we believe that we
 We will be able to enter this, especially when we think about moving to higher frequencies.
 But you see, there are a number of steps to be taken, and we believe that we are very
 well positioned.
 It's very clear.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 We have a follow-up question now from DDA Schimelma from Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, thank you for that.
 I just wanted to just come back to the point earlier on the backlog.
 So you're saying 80% of your 31-euro billion backlog is for fiscal year 22 delivery, but
 clearly, you want to deliver maps,
 even your capacity limitations.
 How much of it do you think will speed into 23 at this stage,
 or it's pretty differently is 20% of your 31 billion
 already for 23 deliveries. Can you just comment on this? That would be great.
 I did, yeah.
 So yeah, I think Helmut can put more light on it.
 Yes.
 That's a one billion dollar question, I would say.
 If I would know, I'd be happy.
 How much of that is going to be in 23?
 But definitely, yes, to the second part of the question, 80% for 12 months means 20%
 beyond 12 months. And so as you know, our fiscal year ends in September. So this, what
 What is it, eight months, I think, that we're probably having of that 12 months of the 80%
 And so 8 out of 12 times 80% is what we have in this fiscal year, and the rest goes all
 rate into the next fiscal year, which is substantial for a substantial portion of it, and how that
 that is going to develop will, as usual, depend on many things.
 one of it, how is the market going to hold? Is there going to be an increase in supply?
 But to predict the figure for that one for 20 years, 23 is not possible now.
 But the one addition in this backlog, we have confirmed and
 unconfirmed orders. We very much believe that quite a portion of those which we cannot
 not serve, we will shift forward to 23, and therefore I think this is not so simple to
 to try to have a precise calculation on it.
 It's helpful. Thank you very much
 Thank you. We have a follow-up question now from Jerome Ramo from BNP Paribas.
 Yeah, thank you for giving me a last question until you come to the target of one beyond the
 and the love you have in 2025.
 How much is the mix between modules, MOSFET and diode?
 Thank you.
 Oh, Jerome, this is a challenging question.
 We believe that the industrial business is, to a large extent, module-based, as we are
 a lot of customer in the renewables, which prefer to use modules.
 We see also some trends to discrete packages
 which we can solve quite well.
 you know that the challenge with silicon carbide
 is that out of the same package size,
 to have four times the current use outs
 for many of our competitors. It's difficult to support that technology and the automotive
 segment we see quite some demand on silicon carbide chips and there it is we cannot clearly
 say as business develops, and therefore I think, Helmut, any addition to that?
 Yeah, what I can say is obviously the diets are substantially lower in value than the
 MOSFET. So we have higher volume in diodes but higher value in MOSFETs if you want to
 take that split between MOSFETs and diodes, and it all depends on, yeah, right now we
 We are much stronger in industrial and we do see a stronger growth in industrial too than
 We do have an automotive currently in there.
 We have a higher portion of discreet as well,
 but overall modules are more than discreet.
 And then to add here, for PSS, for high-end server
 supplies for larger power supply. Silicon Carbide in the POC stage is a very valuable
 solution parallel to gallium nitride. And nevertheless, don't forget Coolmoss. And I
 I think here we really have a strong foothold because we can offer the full range, especially
 also high-power packaging.
 So let's wait and see how it develops and, of course, you can guess,
 opinion optimized for profit and therefore this may change over time as we take business
 on, but I think we can go next time more in detail on that.
 So back to you
 I think here we come to the end, and now, ladies and gentlemen, it's time to summarize.
 was off to a strong start into the 2022 fiscal year, with more than 3.1 billion euros of
 revenue at 22.7% segment result margin and close to 400 million euros of free cash flow.
 In our target application areas, the near-term dynamic remains favorable.
 Supply is seeing some improvement, but keeps being insufficient to meet demand.
 Many products are in allocation and inventories remain low.
 Against this backdrop, we continue to expect a strong 2022 fiscal year to reflect the stronger
 the U.S. dollar, we've raised our guidance to revenue of
 or around 13 billion euros.
 The second result margin around 22 percent euros and around 1 billion euros of free cash
 flow.
 The supply demand imbalance will stretch well into 2022, but hardly last forever.
 there will be restocking and phases of slower momentum.
 But more importantly, our structural growth drivers
 are fully intact.
 Semiconductors are becoming ever more strategic
 and product defining.
 Whenphinion is ideally positioned to shape and benefit from the two secular themes of
 of our time, electrification and in digitalization.
 with both near and long-term prospects bright
 and full trust in the execution capability
 of this team here under Jochen's leadership.
 It is a great time for me to say goodbye.
 Bye.
 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for dialing in this concludes our today's call.
 Thank you for all your questions and in particular for being so disciplined with the one question
 per caller rule. If you do have further questions, please do not hesitate to reach out to us
 in the IR team here in Munich.
 Other than that, stay safe and healthy, and have a good day.