 Welcome to the Cumulus Media Quarterly Earnings Conference Call.
 I will now turn the call over to Colin Jones, Senior Vice President of Corporate Development
 and strategy.
 Sir, you may proceed.
 Thank you, Operator.
 Welcome, everyone, to our third quarter 2020 Earnings
 conference call. I'm joined today by our president and CEO, Mary Berner, and our CFO, Frank Lopez-Balboa.
 Before we start, please note that certain statements in today's press release and discussed on
 on this call.
 May con-
 for looking statements under federal securities laws.
 Actual results may differ materially from the results expressed or implied in forward-looking statements.
 These statements are based on management's current assessments
 and assumptions and they're subject to a number of risks and uncertainties.
 In addition, we will also use certain non-gap financial measures.
 We believe the supplementary information is useful to investors, although it should
 not be considered superior to the measures presented in accordance with GAAP.
 A full description of these risks as well as financial reconciliations to non-GAP terms
 are in a press release in SEC filing.
 The press release can be found in the investor relations portion
 of our website and our form 10Q which was also filed
 with the SEC shortly before this call.
 A recording of today's call will be available for about a month and details for how to access
 that replay can also be found on our website.
 With that, I'll now turn it over to our President and CEO, Mary Burner.
 Thanks, Collin, and good morning, everyone.
 In the third quarter, we continue to deliver against the goals we established at the start
 of the pandemic crisis.
 maximizing revenue, offsetting the virus's impact
 for rigorous cost management and liquidity enhancement,
 and ensuring that we emerge from the pandemic well-positioned
 for long-term success.
 To those ends, we grew revenue sequentially each month in the quarter, with September
 finishing 35% higher than June.
 We executed on our expense reduction plan, realizing over $25 million of fixed costs
 savings in the quarter with the expectation of delivering more than $85 million in 2020.
 We generate positive EBITDA and cash from operations for the quarter, bringing year
 to date free cash flow excluding M&A and the ABL draw to over 45 million.
 But we strengthen our balance sheet significantly, completing the initial closing of our tower
 or sale leaseback transaction, finishing the quarter with over 350 million of cash, a substantial
 portion of which will be dedicated to reinvestment and or additional pay that pay down.
 While the environment remains uncertain, we now have the resources and flexibility to
 to respond to opportunities that might arise
 in the disruption and invest in areas that will derive growth while continuing to improve
 of our balance sheet.
 On virtually all metrics, our third quarter results
 represented a significant improvement from Q2.
 Same station revenue finished down 29% year-over-year,
 But as I mentioned, improved sequentially each month in terms of total dollars.
 in the spot market, which is arguably the best indicator
 of the overall health of the core radio business.
 We saw year-over-year improvement each month, both inclusive and exclusive of political
 dollars. Like last quarter, our diary markets, which were less affected by the pandemic shut
 outperformed our PPM markets.
 Political, as you might expect, was clearly very strong as our footprint overlapped nicely
 with swing states.
 We had 5.8 million of political revenue in the quarter, which was a new high-water mark
 for a third quarter and have benefited from that spending
 paced through the election.
 And spending also contributed positively in the quarter and while still negative versus
 last year financial, general services, and professional services also outperformed other
 categories.
 Digital, as a whole, posted another quarter of growth.
 while streaming and local digital marketing services
 remain pressured in the difficult macro climate.
 Podcasting, more than offset those declines.
 Up nearly 50% in the quarter.
 or podcast or casting delivered record quarterly revenue.
 reflecting our particularly strong news talk portfolio
 and our highest ever download count.
 over 102 million in September, up 47% year-over-year.
 Also, in the quarter, we launched the new Marketplace Minute, a short form, three times-a-day briefing
 that highlights the most important stories
 about money, business, economy.
 Developed in partnership with American public media, the marketplace minute is distributed
 across smart speakers, broadcasting and podcasting.
 Parking the first time any public media company has partnered with a commercial audio company
 to extend its reach.
 The Marketplace Minute also serves as a great example of our effective use of partnerships
 to create exciting new content for podcast audiences.
 On the expense front, we mentioned last quarter
 that we were targeting approximately 85 million
 at this fixed cost reductions for the year, including permanent reductions on an annual
 run rate of $36 million.
 More than $25 million of these fixed cost savings were achieved in Q3 and we anticipate
 realizing more than 15 million in Q4.
 of these savings resulted from difficult decisions mandated by the pandemic-induced revenue
 declines.
 However, others reflect the changes in the way we expect to conduct our business in the future.
 informed by new ways of operating developed
 during the pandemic.
 and or develop to meet our evolving business needs.
 For example, we consolidated some sales management and are in the process of centralizing our
 sales marketing research and insights efforts into one group that services the entire organization
 as opposed to the more fragmented ad channel configuration that was previously in place.
 Lastly, we continue to find new ways to streamline business processes, particularly in non-revenue
 producing functions.
 With the benefit of these cost takeouts and tight working capital management, we deliver
 positive free cash flow for the second straight quarter during the pandemic.
 We further added to our cash position with proceeds from the initial closing of our tower
 or sell leaseback transactions, which brought our quarterly quarter end cash balance to
 more than $350 million.
 These significant cash reserves not only provide a security with which to navigate the unpredictability
 of the months ahead, but also the capability and flexibility
 to act out a creative opportunities that may come our way.
 Looking ahead...
 as we move into the fourth quarter,
 We continue to see positive momentum in bookings.
 Thank you.
 largely by political, but also reflecting underlying
 improvement across all revenue streams.
 Current pacing is...
 down in the mid-teens versus last year with political providing about a 450 basis point
 benefit.
 We remain guarded about the finish to the year given the recent acceleration of coronavirus
 infections across the country, potential shutdown measures and reaction to that, and the generally
 uncertain macroenvironment. So, for the remainder of the fourth quarter and likely well into 2021,
 While we hope for continued improvement, our performance will remain highly sensitive
 to the shape and pace of external events.
 However, it goes without saying that we remain
 unrelentingly disciplined and focused on continuing to re-engineer the business to
 to maximize revenue and reduce our cost.
 That said, given our liquidity position, more efficient expense profile and growth in
 initiatives, we feel comfortable about our ability to not only stay the course, but capitalize
 on the rebounding economy where and when it occurs.
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Frank.
 Right?
 Thank you.
 I will start by providing some more detail
 on the third quarter, speaking on a same-station basis,
 and follow that with some additional color
 non-operating items.
 In Q3, total revenue was $196.4 million, down 29.4% from Q3 2019.
 an increase of 34.5% over Q2 total revenue.
 As Mary noted, on a monthly basis, we saw total revenue improve and as a quarter progressed.
 with September revenue 35% higher than June.
 Spot and network markets performed comparably in the quarter down in the low 30s versus 2019
 with digital, slightly offsetting those results of 2%.
 driven by our podcasting business, which is up nearly 50% on an entirely organic basis.
 Visual dollars represented over 10% of revenue in the quarter.
 Political spend accelerated as the quarter went on, finishing at $5.8 million versus
 is 1.7 million in Q3 2019 and 3.6 million in Q3 2018.
 Of note, this was a record quarter for political and we're on track for another record quarter
 in Q4.
 Moving down to P&L, expenses to climb by $42 million or 19% driven by both reductions
 and variable costs related to the revenue declines, and active fixed-cost reductions.
 As Murray mentioned, we continue to expect to realize more than 85 million benefits in
 in total this year from our fixed cost actions today.
 So these more than $25,000 were achieved.
 in Q3, and more than 15 million will be achieved in Q4.
 broken down between temporary and permanent effects.
 by $19 million or the $85 million related to permanent actions, which have an annualized
 expense, benefit of approximately $36 million.
 million.
 The amount of the temporary costs that will return over time will largely depend on revenue
 recovery in 2021.
 putting revenues and expenses together for the quarter.
 even though it's a $20.4 million.
 Normalizing for M&A activity, we want to again
 our cash balance by $3.5 million and a quarter bringing total free cash for
 generation year-to-date, excluding M&A and the ABL draw, to more than $45 million.
 keeping this outcome despite the pandemic
 is a result of positive evi-dieter generation.
 rigorous management of working capital, and reduced cat-backs.
 As we said on our last call, we cut our 2020 CapEx spend projection to $17 million and
 And with $4 million spent in Q3, we are attracted to look at that.
 Our cash tax this year have also been materially reduced from the combination of lower operating
 performance.
 and carries out benefits.
 So in Q3, we received approximately $2.5 million of tax refunds related to taxes paid in 2019.
 I would also note that in Q4, working capital requirements coming from increased revenues
 our December bond interest payment in those small and estimated tax payment related to
 the gain on the tire sale will cause us to burn some portion of the free cash flow generated
 year-to-date. We were pleased to announce about a month ago the initial closing of the
 a tower transaction, which provided a cash inflow of $202.3 million under our debt
 agreements 64 million, the net proceeds on the assets being sold and not least backed
 are required to pay down to pro-redo.
 subject to a 12-month reinvestment right.
 95 million of the proceeds from assets being sold, at least back, were required to paint
 that immediately.
 As such, concurrent with the closing,
 We paid down $49 million of the term loan at FAR.
 And on Monday, October 5th, we launched a tender offer for $47.2 million of senior
 secure bonds at par.
 The tender offer was successfully completed on November 3rd.
 We do expect to have subsequent closings for the remaining proceeds from the power transaction
 by the end of the first half of 2021.
 Additionally, for tax purposes, the gain in the transaction will largely be offset by
 anticipated net operating losses this year.
 That debt now has been reduced by more than $330 million since the beginning of the year
 and by more than $585 million, or 46% since the quarter that we emerged from bankruptcy.
 As a reminder, we do not have financial maintenance covenants in either our term loan or bonds.
 And we do not mature until 2026.
 As mentioned on previous calls, we're also still working through the potential monetization
 of the valuable precepts of the Property National.
 We hope to bring the market once commercial real estate activity approaches more typical
 levels.
 I wanted to note some new disclosure in our tank cubilata to the NCAA.
 Based on the cancellation of March Madness in 2020, we believe the rights fees of 2020
 are not payable to NCAA.
 The NCAA, however, chose to terminate the contract
 based on non-payment of those fees.
 on September 28, 2020.
 We and the NCAA file competing lawsuits with regard to the disputes surrounding the agreement.
 While it is always important for contract disputes to escalate to litigation, and litigation
 can be unpredictable. We believe in the merits of our position. At this stage, we are unable
 to reasonably estimate the impact of the absolute
 of the litigation that will keep you informed as it progresses.
 With that, we can now open the lines of Q&A operator.
 Thank you.
 To ask a question, you will need to press Store 1 on your telephone keypad.
 That is star one.
 To withdraw your question, press the pound or the hash key.
 Please stand by while we compile the Q&A roster.
 Mr.
 And your first question comes from Michael Kapitsky, Novel Capital Market.
 Thank you for taking the questions.
 First of all, I was wondering you had mentioned that you have, obviously, now a large cash
 position it was and you indicated that you may not use all of that cash to
 appear down dead.
 So I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about uses of cash and then all
 Also, if there are M&A opportunities,
 what you may be looking at.
 Sure. Hi, Mike.
 You know, I think we characterize it as our huge cash position has put us in a fantastic
 a position to be defensive about the uncertainty that exists, but as you point out also opportunistic
 in ways that we can use CAS to drive value.
 So, obviously, playing down debt remains a huge priority.
 And...
 We know there's a great return to use our cash that way.
 However, should interesting opportunities come our way,
 We're open to considering that, whether in radio or otherwise.
 But we do recognize the high...
 ...
 bar for expected returns.
 And I was just wondering, as you were kind of giving us some thoughts about Q4 and the
 the pacing's there.
 Can you just kind of give us a little bit of a color
 on maybe a spot versus network, what you're seeing in digital, just kind of give it some
 a little bit more color on the individual line items in Q4.
 Well, hi, Michael, it's Frank.
 First, I'm going to comment about Q3, then I'll give you a little bit more color on Q4.
 So Q1.
 Three had a very nice recovery in both the spot and the network markets.
 And as you heard in my preparatory remarks,
 to perform comparably.
 but I will say that in the third quarter,
 the national spot improved considerably from the second quarter as we get into a more normalized
 environment.
 In the fourth quarter, both channels are being recognized
 who are benefiting in the network from the return of the NFL, which we're pleased with.
 The national markets are stronger.
 If you look at the local markets, so part of the benefits we're getting in the local
 market's clear political displaces to some extent from the local business.
 So the trends at this point, what we're seeing is fairly strong, but as Mary talked about in the script,
 And we're cautious with regard to the pandemic and the spread and the needs to be seen how
 that will impact the rest of the quarter.
 And how does the bookings look as you go into December, which is outside of the political
 realm of, you know, what you may have gotten in October and November.
 At this point, we'll really just comment on pacing as of this day, and you'll have more
 obviously, and our earnings call next year.
 Okay, fair enough. That's all I have. Thank you.
 As a reminder, to ask a question, you will need to press Store 1 on your telephone keypad.
 That is store one.
 To withdraw your question, press the pound or the hash key.
 Please stand by while we compile the Q&A roster.
 And there are no questions at this time.
 time.
 Okay.
 Thanks, everybody.
 everybody for joining our call today.
 Thanks.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you for participating.
 You may now disconnect.