 Thanks, Mike, and good afternoon.
 Adobe had an outstanding first quarter with record revenue of 1.68 billion in record profit.
 Gap earnings per share in Q1 was 80 cents, and non-gap earnings per share was 94 cents.
 We continue to execute well against our strategy and are driving momentum across our entire business.
 Digital transformation has created a tailwind for Adobe, among a diverse spectrum of customers
 in a broad number of industries, from students, to designers, to the public sector and the
 was not just brands.
 Once the domain is solely of professionals, today everyone is a creator.
 from the teenager doing a school photography project to the small business owner prototyping
 her website to the filmmaker working on his first documentary.
 And design has become a critical element in the fabric of our lives.
 is the starting point for every connection we make, and great design requires innovative
 technology. At the same time, massive amounts of data, the proliferation of devices, and
 skyrocketing customer expectations are forcing enterprises to completely
 rethink their business strategies. To force stronger customer connections that lead to
 brand loyalty and growth, forward-looking enterprises are reimagining the experience
 they provide to their customers.
 As it will be, we've always known that a great customer experience is the differentiator
 that separates market leaders from the back.
 at the center of every great experience of customer intelligence and amazing design.
 And these are Adobe's core competencies.
 Our mission to help our customers design and deliver great experiences
 has never been more relevant as is reflected in our outstanding Q1 results.
 results.
 In digital media, we continue to be the undisputed leader in helping customers inject creativity
 into their jobs, schoolwork, and their daily lives.
 We achieved a record 1.14 billion in digital media revenue in Q1 and exited the quarter
 with over 4.25 billion of digital media annualized
 recurring revenue or ARR
 The net ARR increase in Q1 was 265 million and was driven by continuous strength in our
 fear of cloud business.
 Creative Cloud is the one-stop-shop for creators of the world over and we continue to execute
 against our strategy of migrating CS customers, expanding into new market segments, and adding
 value through new services.
 In Q1, Creative Cloud ARR growth was driven by strong performance in the SMB segment with
 our creative cloud teams offering and international growth, as well as strong retention of existing
 Please subscribe us.
 This year, two of Adobe's iconic creative apps are celebrating anniversaries.
 In March, Adobe Illustrator, the industry standard vector graphics app that lets you create logos,
 typography in complex illustrations for print, web, video, and mobile celebrated
 It's 30th anniversary.
 Thirty years of illustrative projects are visible everywhere across the world from billboards
 on U.S. highways to magazine covers in Tokyo.
 More than 180 million graphics are created monthly
 with illustrator.
 Earlier this week, we celebrated Premier Pro's 25th anniversary.
 Premiere Pro is the world's leading video production solution
 and continues to grow its footprint across every video segment.
 Premiere Pro was the official editing tool of the 2017 Sundance Film Festival in January.
 Premiere Pro's virtual reality workflows are seeing strong adoption, with the majority of the films in the virtual reality category in Sundance having used it in their creative process.
 As part of our year-long celebration, we're partnering with the Grammy Award-winning band.
 imagine dragons
 We just released a music video for its newest song, Believer.
 Earlier this week, we announced that creators in 27 countries will have the chance to take
 the raw video footage from the original video and cut their own version.
 Our Adobe Stock Service business continues to accelerate.
 In the past year, we have grown adobe stock assets to more than 60 million.
 million. And in January, we announced a partnership with 500 PX, a global online photography community,
 which expands Adobe Stocks premium collection.
 The world's leading digital document service, Adobe Document Cloud, enables businesses to reinvent inefficient paper-based processes.
 In Q1, Document Cloud revenue was 196 million and we grew Document Cloud ARR to 493 million.
 Acrobat units across Creative Cloud and Adobe Document Cloud combined again grew double digits year over year.
 This achievement was driven by new customer acquisition with our subscription model and
 and the funnel of users created by the broad use of PDF
 and the proliferation of Adobe Reader across mobile devices.
 In February, in conjunction with the Cloud Signature Consortium, we unveiled the world's
 first open cloud-based digital signature standard, available in any browser and on any device.
 We announced new functionality in Adobe Sign that enables users to create end-to-end business workflows, such as advanced document routing, online collaboration, and Microsoft SharePoint integration.
 Adobe Sign now includes mobile tools powered by Adobe Sensei for scanning, reading, routing, and signing documents.
 Deep intelligence fueled by trillions of data transactions
 of the foundation of our digital marketing business.
 We drove a record 477 million in Adobe Marketing Cloud Revenue in Q1, which is 26% year-over-year
 revenue growth.
 Adobe Marketing Cloud continues to lead the category and be the most comprehensive offering
 for global brands, government agencies, and institutions that need to deliver personal,
 consistent and relevant experiences to their audiences everywhere and every time they connect
 with them.
 Adobe Marketing Cloud features best-in-class solutions and analytics, content management,
 channel campaign management and media optimization.
 We managed more than a hundred trillion data transactions
 on behalf of our customers over the past year
 across our Adobe marketing cloud solutions.
 In February, Gartner recognized Adobe as a leader in his 2017 Magic Quadrant for Digital
 marketing hubs research report for the third consecutive time Adobe was
 the highest in completeness of vision access among the 22 companies that were evaluated.
 Also in Q1, Adobe was recognized as the leader in the Forrester Wave report on web content
 management systems receiving the highest score.
 Thanks to the completeness of our offering, our continued innovation, and our growing
 partner network, we continue to see strong market momentum with major customer wins this
 water at Dick's Sporting Woods, Mercy Health, Hutchison, UK, AutoTrader.com, Computer Sciences
 operation ADT in the University of Michigan.
 In December, we completed our acquisition of Fubmobile, a leader in demand side video
 advertising, which is strong Q1-cube mobile revenue, and we're hard at work integrating
 in tube mobile with our current Adobe Media Optimizer solution.
 As a combined advertising solution, we will enable Adobe's customers to optimize their
 video search and display advertising investments across desktop, mobile, streaming devices
 and TV.
 Next week in Las Vegas, we will conduct our largest Adobe Summit ever with more than 12,000 attendees
 including more than 1,000 of our global partners.
 Executives from top brands including the NBA, National Geographic, T-Mobile and Facebook
 We'll take the stage and we'll give an update on our strategic partnership with Microsoft.
 who continue to aggressively invest in the Adobe Cloud Platform in Adobe Sensei,
 a unified artificial intelligence in machine learning framework and intelligence services.
 Our trillions of content and data assets, along with our deep category expertise in
 the markets we serve, give Adobe Sensei a unique ability to help customers tackle complex
 experience challenges.
 We plan to unveil new Adobe Sensei capabilities at Adobe Summit.
 We will also provide an update on our Adobe.io capabilities
 for partners, ISPs, and developers who can utilize our open platform to develop their
 own applications.
 This level of innovation can only come from talented, creative, and dedicated employees.
 Last month we held our internal tech summit where we announced our commitment to train
 every one of our technical employees in artificial intelligence
 fundamentals. We also demonstrated the incredible work happening across the company.
 Last month, we were included on Fast Company's most innovative companies list.
 And last week, we were honored to be named to the Fortune Best Places to Worklist for the 17th year.
 Adobe would not be the company it is today without our rich diversity of employees and
 and that continued diversity is vital to our future.
 I would like to thank all our employees for the role they play in our continued success.
 success. To create an exceptional customer experience, you need a important combination
 of deep intelligence and amazing design.
 These are our unique capabilities and our opportunity has never been greater.
 We have the technology leadership.
 partner ecosystem in customer relationships to fundamentally reshape our individuals,
 brands and institutions transformed themselves in the 21st century.
 Everyone who is a great start to what we believe will be another great year for Adobe.
 Mark?
 Yes, I'll take that question.
 I mean, I think we're continuing to see good strength across each of the groups, particularly
 as it relates to Q1, we saw some good SMB, small and medium business, demand that continues
 to do well as you know that's the team offering which is a higher price point offering and
 especially in EMEA, we had a good quarter.
 I would say Acrobat had a strong unit quarter, that's reflected both in creative cloud as
 as well as in document cloud.
 In addition to that, we continue to see good progress on retention.
 and so you know as people migrate off the performance
 the other promotional pricing and get on to the full plans and then new unit adoption
 as well.
 offerings, especially the photography solution and international continue to do well.
 And also there's no question that we're combating piracy as the ability to get boxes in most
 countries diminishes so I would say across you know the spectrum of the
 different offerings. And from an helpful point of view as well-standing, I think Mark mentioned
 that in his prepared remarks, you know, that continues to be strong as well.
 You're absolutely right. I think big picture of the conversations that we're having day in and day out are enterprises
 recognizing that digital is transforming their agenda.
 And then they decompose that into what are the key things that they have to do in order
 to use that as an opportunity rather than a challenge and clearly from our point of view
 the engagement that they do with their customers or how they deliver their experience, continues
 to be we think one of the key ways in which people make digital film rather than a headwind
 and then we are part of all of those conversations.
 I think if you talk to also the consulting companies, they have been brought in to aspirationally
 We help all of these companies.
 we think that business model processes in people, but you know top of the agenda for
 even the CEO and the CIO and CFO is what are we doing with respect to delivering a better
 engaging customer experience.
 you know next week at summit we will talk a little bit more about how that expands
 on our vision of what we can do and what people are asking up to step up and do, but I think
 manifest itself in the businesses people are saying if this is so key to my
 future, I want to bet and standardize on companies that have a comprehensive platform, which
 which is why we're always pleased to see us being rated as the number one platform that
 exist for this kind of technology solution.
 I will give you some color which we did not touch on as another demand driver which is
 in the enterprise as you know we are coming up on the anniversary a lot of the three-year
 E-T-L-A's and the first time when we did the three year E-T-L-A's three year the cloud
 was relatively new and so what we were doing was in effect providing them with a subscription
 model that mirrored there what I would call custom way of buying CES in the past as those
 are all rolling off the first three-year milestone, we are clearly selling them both on the CC
 complete solution as well as on services, so the number of people who are contracting
 for services right now, people have to get an exception to not, you know, contract for
 services and so that clearly represents an increase in ARPU as well. To your
 point stock had a good quarter we continue to see growth both in terms of the demand as well as in
 in terms of the inventory.
 Sine had a good quarter, all of them are adding.
 And I think, you know, what's on your minds as well as investors is, hey, is there leverage
 and room for price increases. We still think we're in new customer acquisition growth where
 helping people deliver value and so that's really what's still driving a lot of the
 upside in ARR with the potential to look at optimizing further out as well.
 It's a really good question Heather and there's no question actually in our mind that where creative cloud was first the door opener
 open up for us to have conversations with the enterprise, there is an increased expectation
 from customers that the content life cycles that we talk about namely the ability for
 for them to accelerate how they deliver campaigns
 how they personalize the experience that they wish to deliver across all of these different
 channels is predicated on making sure that that content from content all the way from
 from creation to asset management and all the way out to delivery is more seamless than
 it's ever been. So I would say three years ago, two years ago, we were talking about
 that as one of the benefits. I would say today, every conversation with the enterprises, they
 see that as a differentiator for us in the expectation is that's how they will
 accelerate both the campaigns and how they will ensure personalized delivery.
 So, you know, wishing that whether it's in financial services, whether we're seeing retail,
 hospitality, auto motor, it's a key part of our differentiator and one that we will
 continue to innovate.
 first which is you'll get an update as well at summit so we're hoping a lot of you will
 be a summit, I think you'll be pleased with how quickly we've been able to integrate the
 products and from my point of view the benefit for the Microsoft relationship is really customer
 driven customers are asking for integration with Azure Power BI as well as Dynamics and
 I think the team is on a great job but next week we will give you a little bit of an update
 on that.
 On the first question as it relates to the competitor, I think we've talked about this
 This is a 40 billion dollar TAM, clearly there are other players that you are alluding to
 that are also seeing this as a market opportunity and so but our track record and our winning
 a percentage record in the areas that were strong, continues to be excellent.
 I think we have a differentiated solution and I think our vision of where we want to
 take this and how we want to continue to expand it. I think it still makes us a unique leader,
 certainly there are other players in this market as well.
 Yeah, the way I would answer that is sort of strategically, as we look at that business,
 three things that we think we continue have to execute on to ensure that we
 capitalize on the opportunity that we've talked about.
 The first is integration within the products.
 I think you've seen us make some good integration with products like photocarp, so the ability
 for people to contribute and to acquire assets is built into the product. So that's one area
 that we are continuing to make sure we invest.
 The second one that tends to be, you know, a way in which you compete effectively is the
 inventories.
 having the inventory and having the inventory across different kinds of assets including
 premium and including partnerships with some of the people that you are talking about that
 That also helps us to ensure that we are competitively either ahead of the market or at least in
 in line with the market.
 And the third one that we think about when we think about stock is how good is that technology
 to find the right asset based on the intelligence that we can provide and that's what I think
 you know, we will demonstrate superior advantage to anything else that's out there, because
 our ability to understand these assets and irrespective of what keyword is being used
 to search for a particular asset, return the right. So in other words, search for relevance
 in search is going to be a key part of it.
 I think in all three of those, we're continuing to make great progress and I think at max
 we showed you a lot of really cool ways in which we will make time more relevant. It's
 will continue to invest and so we feel good about it dad.
 Well, thank you.
 You are absolutely right, the good news is we are absolutely mission critical to our
 customers, so the level of engagement that we have with these enterprises is
 at multiple levels all the way from the C-Suite to all of the practitioners who are using
 our products off. I would say actually on the field side and on the partner side we
 We have evolved that over many years where, you know, we think we have a world-class organization
 that does that because it's not just what you do internally, it's ensuring that you
 know the thousand partners that I talked about, who are also partners to the companies that
 we are working with are evangelizing and are promoting our products and are educated on
 our product. So I actually feel good about I left those in some cases, you know, you
 have those deals the larger the size you know the time taken can increase but that's why
 we want to build a healthy pipeline and continue to execute against that. So feel very good
 about it and that is, without a doubt, one of the areas where we've invested in over
 for the last few years.
 We actually feel really good about all of the technology that we have and we're always
 on the lookout for small innovative companies and I think both Mark and I have always talked
 about
 we look for, is it bringing us strategic advantage, you know, what is the culture of the companies
 we're looking at because we're very, very thoughtful about making sure that, you know,
 we continue to expand on the vision of what people want and the third is financially whether
 it makes sense. And so, you know, we've done some when they make sense and, you know, but
 We feel really good about the core value that we have and we will continue to be on the
 to look out for things that meet our criteria in all of those, mainly continuing to expand
 strategically what we can do, ensuring that the culture of fit is right and financially
 making sense.
 Yeah, I think from our point of view as we are going more and more to these large enterprises
 with solutions across the creative cloud, document cloud, and the marketing cloud.
 We have a quarterback model and the named account model with this quarterback is that
 there
 clearly bringing to bear opportunities like the ones that you're talking about, if you're
 in there primarily with marketing cloud ensuring that we sell more solutions, sell stock, sell
 sign and continue to drive the CCETLAs and so I think the model that we have in the field
 is really one of, you know, how do we comprehensively to the larger accounts, ensure that there
 getting the benefit of the breadth of our solutions.
 And to your point, in CC, when we think about the CC
 enterprise opportunity and the conversation that we're having with those customers, we're
 very much moving them from custom to complete and we are moving them from complete to complete
 plus services and the service that is top of mind for us is top.
 So, a good question and that's clearly one of the areas that we're focused on.
 And since that was the last question, you know, I think in summary, we were really pleased
 with the strong start to Q1. It was an outstanding quarter and I think the Q2 targets that we
 gave, reflect the continued momentum in the business, but in addition to the
 great quarterly performance. We are really excited about the long term opportunities
 that we have outlined namely the ability to empower people to create the things they want
 to create and to enable businesses to transform themselves and I think will continue to be
 unique in that we're one of the only companies that's delivering great top
 line growth and bottom line earnings.
 We're looking forward to next week's Adobe Summit.
 It's all I discover.
 We really hope you will join us to hear about our vision for the future and demonstrate
 both product and partner progress against that vision.
 but thank you for joining us today.