 Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Evolution Mining December 2021 quarter results call.
 all participants are in a listen-only mode there will be a presentation
 followed by a question and answer session if you wish to ask a question
 you will need to press the star key followed by the number one on your
 telephone keypad I would now like to hand the conference over to mr. Martin
 Cummings, general manager of
 investor relations, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Darcy. Good morning and welcome to the Evolution Mining December 2021 quarterly conference call.
 As Darcy mentioned, my name is Martin Cummings, and I'm the General Manager, Investor Relations.
 This morning on the call, we have Jake Klein, our Executive Chairman,
 Laurie Conway, our CFO and Finance Director
 and myself in our group office in Sydney.
 Fuck.
 Chief Operating Officer, and Glenn Masterman, our VP Discovery and Business
 development are dialing in.
 It has been a tumultuous couple of years
 and as expected, gold's role as a safe haven during those times
 has been demonstrated.
 As the pandemic was breaking in early 2020, we saw gold rise from the low 1,500s per ounce
 to an all-time high around 2070 in August that year.
 We started 2021 with the gold price down from its peak at just under US $1,900 per ounce.
 Economies were surging as they emerged from COVID lockdowns
 and equity markets were printing new highs.
 Bitcoin was continuing to generate a lot of interest
 with some touting it as a new digital goal.
 and exposure to any metal that ended up in a Tesla was highly sought after.
 Gold couldn't catch a bit in early 2021, and the sell-off was brisk.
 down to $16.80 by March.
 Gold equities would follow, and by the end of September,
 the GDX index of senior gold companies had fallen about 20% year-to-date.
 with the GDXJ
 junior index even lower
 down around 30%.
 But in the last three months, things have turned.
 Developing economies are now dealing with soaring inflation
 with the Federal Reserve now indicating it will need to respond with rate increases soon.
 The Omicron COVID variant spread quickly,
 leading some countries to reintroduce or extend lockdowns and restrictions.
 and recently Russia and Ukraine tension
 has Europe on high alert.
 Bitcoin had an incredible journey in 2021, but has now given back most of those gains.
 Gold's role as a safe haven is returning
 and we now trade back up around US $18.20 per ounce.
 For Australian gold miners, the Australian dollar gold price also went on a wild ride,
 but we currently sit within 10% to 15% of its all-time high.
 These really are great prices to be selling our product at.
 And, of course, copper had a standout year, too, rising around 25%.
 Evolution is well placed to benefit from this
 with our copper production materially increasing from this month.
 With that, I'll now hand over to Jake to introduce the December 2021 quarterly report.
 Thanks, Martin. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the call. Thanks for joining us and Happy New Year.
 Despite the industry headwinds, COVID, labor shortages, and unseasonal rainfall, our teams
 did extremely well to manage the impact.
 As planned and first articulated to you in July,
 We anticipate the second half of the year
 to be materially better
 than the last six months
 and our entrepreneurs
 to deliver our guidance.
 Given the first half performance at Red Lake, we expect to be in the bottom half of the production range
 and between the mid and top end of the cost guidance range.
 Last quarter, our portfolio was significantly improved
 by securing 100% ownership
 of the iconic Ernest Henry
 copper gold mine.
 We also concluded the sale of Mound Carton to Navarre Minerals.
 and whilst retaining exposure to the future of the operation,
 The sale allows us to focus on our larger, higher margin assets.
 We continue to be consistent
 and diligence in the implementation
 of our strategy of improving the quality of our portfolio and being
 laser focused about putting ourselves
 interposition
 where we can generate sector-leading returns on the capital we deploy.
 in our view
 this is the holy grail in our industry
 and is the true measure of a gold company's performance over the long term.
 them.
 I visited Ernest Henry last week and left very confident
 that in the December quarter
 we concluded what is likely to prove
 one of the most transformative deals in evolution's history.
 It is an outstanding operation with a great team and terrific geological upside.
 We look forward to hosting a number of you there for a site visit in due course.
 of course.
 The foundations for the transaction were put in place in 2016 when we secured the economic
 interest in the assets, and since then it builds a strong and mutually respectful relationship
 with Glencore that allowed us to
 negotiate this deal on a bilateral
 basis over the course of a few months last year.
 Our economic interest delivered $79.5 million in cash flow last quarter,
 and now with 100% of the operation being included
 from 1 January.
 we expect its impact to be even bigger going forward.
 The CAVE extension pre-feasibility study will be a priority,
 And with intersections 400 metres below the study area
 and still open below that.
 Ernest Henry has a long and very exciting future.
 Cal performed extremely well and managed to deliver to plan
 in spite of unprecedented rainfall
 and COVID interruptions.
 The underground project, which will grow cow's production to 350,000 ounces per annum, remains on schedule and budget.
 I was also fortunate to be able to visit Red Lake in November last year
 Due to COVID travel restrictions, this was my first visit since we took ownership of the asset in April 2020.
 Red Lake is one of the best commercial opportunities I've seen in the gold sector in my career.
 for the combined purchase price of $650 million
 U.S. dollars being Red Lake and Battle
 North, we have secured a district-scale tenement position with 11 million ounces of resource
 and significant exploration upside.
 seven kilometers of prospective
 strike with associated
 mining infrastructure, 3 mills and $700 million of Canadian tax losses. In time, this asset
 will be transformed into plus 350,000 ounce a year low-cost producer.
 This is how value is created in our sector.
 as you will hear from Bob
 has just returned from his third visit
 in the last five months.
 Progress is being made.
 Last quarter, we consistently achieved over 1,200 metres of development each month.
 As a result of this and other improvements, we are confident of a material and sustainable
 improvement to production in the next two quarters.
 We expect this higher production to drive the cost per ounce lower.
 and I'm looking forward to visiting the operation again
 with Laurie in the next few weeks.
 Stratingly, Mungari remains the only asset in our portfolio that we cannot currently
 visits.
 We are fortunate to have a good team in Western Australia
 have led the Kandana integration, which has gone well.
 and we are growing increasingly confident about the future
 and the potential of this operation.
 Mount Rawdon was impacted by heavy rainfall and was forced to process the low-grade stockpile material.
 Strategically, we continue to assess the potential of Mount Grodden to be converted into a pumped
 hydro generator, which could
 be a significant contributor of
 renewable energy to the southeast Queensland grid at the end of its
 mine life.
 This last quarter, the highlights for the Discovery team
 were good intersections at Kew in Western Australia
 and also more intriguing and exciting intersections at Red Lake
 where there is plenty of open space and interesting geology
 to discover another high-grade zone.
 Glenn and his team are also plotting and planning the next phase of drilling at Ernest Henry.
 Whilst we are managing industry headwinds,
 We should not ignore the significant commodity price tailwinds.
 A gold price of over 2,500 Australian dollars and a copper price,
 which going forward will represent around 20% of our revenue
 of over $13,500 Australian dollars per tonne.
 Evolution is well positioned to benefit from this.
 I'll now hand over to Bob to provide some more detail on the operational performance.
 Thanks, Jake, and good morning, everyone.
 The December quarter
 saw our TRIF stabilise at 9.4.
 The highlight being a 35% reduction in the 12-month moving average
 in the 19th century.
 Darren.
 The December quarter gold production is the first reported without Mount Carlin's contribution.
 The quarter-to-goal production was 148,000 ounces, with a 5% improvement in the oil
 and sustaining cost to $1,347 an ounce.
 Despite the challenges faced with above-average rainfall and COVID, Cal had a strong quarter
 delivering 60,000 ounces at an all-in sustaining cost of $998 an ounce
 and an operating mine cash flow pre-capital of $80.6 million.
 Capital investment ramped up at Cal
 with $60 million spent on major projects this quarter.
 This included $24 million on the IWL and $33.5 million on the Underground Development.
 Underground development rates will ramp up in the March quarter, with a second jumbo
 commencing in December, and the selection of the primary mining contractor is on track
 for the March quarter.
 The project remains on budget and on schedule.
 The IWO Stage 2 deposition has run smoothly throughout the quarter.
 Ernest Henry produced
 21,000 ounces of gold
 and 4.1,000 ounces of copper
 at an all-in sustaining cost of a negative $882 an ounce.
 The high AISC compared to the September quarter is primarily driven by lower copper production
 due to lower planned mining tons.
 the net mine cash flow remains strong at 79.5 million another significant
 contribution to the portfolio.
 I'm pleased to say this will be the last quarter
 reporting engineering as an economic interest integration activities are
 well underway, and I'm excited to have the
 interesting routine as part of the evolution
 and family.
 The pre-feasibility study for the mine extension below the 1125 RL has commenced and will incorporate
 the recent drilling results, indicating mineralisation extends further than assumed in the concept
 study.
 Completion of the study is expected in H1 FY23.
 Moving on to Red Lake.
 as the past five months
 I've been on site three times.
 Each time, I see an improvement and step change in performance and delivery.
 Although still work in progress,
 Pleasingly, many key metrics are moving in the right direction.
 Red Lake produced 20,000 ounces for the quarter, and although their all-interstaining cost
 is not where we need it to be the operating mine cash flow for the quarter was a positive and with
 and we've spent $13.9 million in sustaining capital
 and $36.9 million on major capital for future production.
 for the past couple of quarters
 I've been talking about development.
 Pleasingly, during the December quarter, each month was above our long-term transformation
 goal of 1,200 metres per month.
 The December quarter was 21% higher than the September quarter.
 I expect this to continue, allowing additional mining fronts to be opened.
 Campbell Mill continues to achieve new records, and approval has been granted to lift the
 a daily throughput restriction of 2,000 tons per day
 for a limited trial in the second half of the financial year
 to support the Campbell Mill expansion.
 we're still not
 where we want them to be there's been significant improvements through the
 quarter those cycle time has improved by 25% stop idle time has improved by 60%
 time to drill per stope has improved by 27% and slot drilling has halved with a
 v30 implementation scope extraction quality focused has delivered a 19%
 improvement in stoke recovering.
 a 3% reduction in dilution
 and a 15% increase in our all mine to quarter and quarter.
 and in December
 the
 And my other grade lifted to 4.9 grams per tonne.
 Looking for this one, we're going to look at this one.
 forward to H2 we're expecting expecting to see a continual improvement in
 delivery from the underground and the two mils operating notable improvements
 for the second half of the year.
 The tonnes processed will increase with the Red Lake Mill running and the Campbell Mill
 rate extension.
 great mind
 mind is lifting
 as dilution reduces and plans for early ore from the CYD development continue.
 Increased tons from Koshner.
 The transfer haulage locomotives performance has improved by 43% last quarter and replacement
 locomotives will be commissioned this quarter further reducing downtime and increased number
 of Mining Horizons in continuing
 the improvement in stoke design and execution to further enhance our ore
 for deliverance and quality.
 and Gary is moving forward post-integration for a quarter I produced
 34,000 ounces of gold
 at an all-in sustaining cost of $1,829 an ounce
 and generate an operating mine cash flow pre-capital of $20.7 million.
 million all grade process increased 34% over last quarter as a proportion of
 of underground ore in the feed
 increased from 54% to 67%.
 Workforce integration is ongoing,
 with a focus on establishing a one-team approach.
 The sharing of resources across the field has commenced
 and enabling better deployment of equipment
 and resources to priority areas,
 which has been critical
 as a site navigates high vacancy rates
 and COVID-related impacts.
 Mount Rorden produced 12.4,000 ounces at an only sustaining cost of $1,842 an ounce.
 and an operating mine cash flow pre-capital of $11.9 million.
 As previously mentioned,
 where they significantly impacted access to the pit,
 resulting in reduced oil movements.
 As a result, stock file feed increased, directly affecting gold grade and production.
 In summary, some great improvements were made at Red Lake and Mungari throughout the quarter.
 The Cal Underground project continues to hit milestones and the official ownership of the
 Ernest Henry Mine has added additional opportunities for the portfolio.
 Thank you for your time and I'll hand over to Glenn.
 Thank you, Bob, and good morning, everyone.
 Firstly, at our Q joint venture in Western Australia,
 again.
 We advised our partner, Musgrave Minerals, that we will be taking full management and
 and operatorship of the project,
 which occurred on January 1st of this year.
 Recent results from diamond drilling at the West Island Prospect
 outlined on page 15 of this morning's report.
 Importantly, confirm the potential for high-grade mineralisation within individual loads.
 Drilling has also identified multiple new load structures
 in the favourable Dolarite host in various locations along strike.
 The geometric relationships between structures and dolarite
 employee individual loads
 may be limited by their potential strike length
 but remain open at depth.
 The Air Corp Rilling Program has been very important in further delineating the favourable
 dolaride host and associated
 gold anomalism, a long
 strike from the original West Island drilling the results have unlocked new
 areas with the necessary geological ingredients for mineralisation to occur up to five kilometres
 from West Island.
 One of the challenges with all of our drilling programs
 is long delays waiting to receive assay results in time
 to inform where to drill next.
 This is an industry-wide issue and is holding back the ability to accelerate drilling programs
 in the ways we would like to.
 At Q, we are still waiting on results from five diamond holes and over 70 air core holes,
 which restricts our ability to sensibly add additional drilling resources.
 At Red Lake, two deep holes were completed
 as wide-space step-outs from the original intercept reported last quarter on the R-Zone
 extension one of the holes intersected high grade mineralization 200 meters away from the first
 from the first hole, with the other hole drilling through the structure, however it did not
 return significant mineralisation. The results reported on page 12 are
 are encouraging because they unlock a large area
 of real estate that has not been previously drilled
 along the extension of the ozone structure.
 Follow-up drilling is currently stepping off
 the high-grade intercept in hole 69 to expand the potential scale of minimisation in this area.
 At Nungari, drilling underground at Kandana and East Kandana
 a continuous concentration on small resource extensions
 and classification upgrades on future mining areas
 adjacent to existing development.
 Step out drilling into the foot wall of the K2 structure from the underground at Hornet
 has returned further promising
 intersets of stacked load-style minimalization at Star Trek.
 Follow-up drilling is underway to understand the significance of a laminated vein in hole 2130 reported on page 14 of this morning's report.
 The geology is similar to what would be expected on the main K2 structure at RHP, which is
 were the priority follow-up drilling.
 At Ernest Henry, we have assessed H2 drilling priorities, which will be focused on developing
 or body knowledge
 for the PFS, along with de-risking areas of the resource that require additional data
 support before production is scheduled. As Bob and Jake mentioned earlier, strong copper gold
 mineralisation has been intercepted at the 480 metre RL and remains open down
 plunge. With that, I'll hand over to Laurie. Thank you, Glenn, and good morning, everyone.
 This morning, I'll provide a brief update on the financial performance for the quarter
 as outlined on pages 9 and 10 of the report.
 For the group, we produced 148,000 ounces
 at an all-interstaining cost of $13.47 per ounce.
 This aligns with our guidance where we said the production would increase over the year
 and the all-in sustaining costs would trend down from around $14.50 per ounce in the first quarter.
 The AISC was approximately 5% lower than the September quarter.
 Our focus on portfolio quality is evident in that on a like-for-like basis
 that divestment of Mount Carlton operation
 reduced our all-in sustaining cost by $28 per ounce this quarter.
 as our production
 and cost profile changes in the second half,
 The cost benefit from this divestment will improve further.
 Group production and cost guidance remain unchanged at 670 to 725,000 ounces
 at an all-in sustaining cost of $11.35 to $11.95 per ounce.
 With the performance of Red Lake in the first half,
 we expect to be at the bottom end of the production range
 and in the top half of the cost guidance range.
 In terms of cash flow, we were fairly well in line with plan,
 excluding the underperformance at red light.
 We generated $203 million of operating cash flow, which is up 4.6%.
 and 13% excluding Mount Carlton.
 On a per-ounce basis, our operating cash flow was up 10% quarter-on-quarter.
 this was against a flat goal price
 and lower copper revenue where the higher copper price was offset
 by planned lower copper volumes at Ernest Henry.
 net mine cash flow was 53 million with our capital programs remaining on plan
 We invested around $34 million in sustaining capital
 or major project investment increased to $114 million
 as projects at Cal and Red Lake progressed.
 Group capital guidance remains unchanged at $150 million to $175 million for sustaining
 and $440 to $505 million for major projects.
 we'll see an immediate benefit of the acquisition of 100% of Ernest Henry,
 where AISC will reduce materially in the second half of the year.
 More importantly, though, our cash flow will be increasing.
 based on our guidance
 and depending on the copper price achieved in the second half,
 We expect to realise an additional $80 million to $130 million of net mine cash flow at Ernest Henry.
 This will be taken into consideration when determining our interim dividend.
 As previously announced, during the quarter we successfully
 priced the U.S. $200 million
 US private placement
 for nine years
 at very attractive pricing
 to partially fund the Ernest Henry acquisition.
 This will be drawn down next month.
 We ended December with $1.15 billion of cash
 and net debt of $450 million.
 and unaudited gearing is around 12.6%
 prior to the payment for Ernest Henry in early January.
 We are on track to be below the 29% projected at time
 of announcing the acquisition, and we expect to quickly be back
 within our targeted gearing levels
 and maintain a very strong balance sheet.
 I look forward to updating you next month
 on the FY22 Interim Financial Results.
 Thank you for your time this morning and Darcy, please open the line for questions.
 Thank you.
 If you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone
 and wait for your name to be announced.
 If you wish to cancel your request, please press star 2.
 if you're on a speakerphone
 please pick up the handset to ask your questions your first question comes
 from David Radcliffe from Global Mining Research.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning Jake and team. So my question is on Red Lake, the commentary around mining
 rates does seem
 more optimistic today, which is
 grade, especially with respect to
 I guess the mine efficiencies and dilution
 and opening up more mining freight fronts.
 So just try and think how we should think about, you know,
 the high development rates converting into higher mine tons over sort of this
 year and if you can maybe provide some sort of quantum how that comes through
 over the next couple of quarters.
 And then on grade, how we should sort of think about those numbers over the year.
 obviously there's going to be the sweetener from
 Campbell but you know
 when do we from the operations today how do we move closer to that reserve
 grade of six, given that you're currently sort of sitting at four.
 Thanks, David.
 those are good questions
 I mean, I think we are going through a transformation.
 we've called it a three to five
 year transformation at Red Lake
 The last six months have taught us a lot about the operation.
 we've focused on the development
 and we've specifically taken the decision to, I suppose,
 sacrifice production over
 development and getting ready and setting
 the transformation up
 And we now feel that we've kind of bottomed and we're at a point where you're really going to see improvements in that.
 So the development rates are up.
 The improvements in mining are getting better.
 as Bob highlighted
 and he can talk further to it.
 dilution has been reduced
 We're comfortable that the models are performing.
 We need to open up some of these higher-grade areas
 which are going to be happening over the next few months.
 So it's a journey.
 we're on the right path
 and you are going to see material improvements to production
 and lowering of costs in the next quarter and following quarters.
 Bob, do you want to add to that?
 Yeah, thanks, Jake.
 direct
 Jake said,
 And the expectation is that as we get the development in to the new areas, and it takes
 a long time to go out and open up new areas then the mining front will open up which will
 help stabilize and increase the tonnages we've started to see an increase in
 tonnages last quarter through the quarter although it's not
 as high as we need it yet but it's still
 Earth's growing and areas like aviation and the like they do take a bit of time
 to set up.
 So I would expect that over the next couple of quarters,
 We'll start to see those tonnages come in
 As Jake said also, on the grade, you know, we are getting a lot better with the reference
 and we are getting a lot better with the reference.
 of dilution and the like, as I mentioned, all the numbers.
 I expect that over the coming quarters we will see that continue to improve.
 Glenn, did you want to comment on the model specifically?
 Sure, Bob.
 But I think one of the things that we're starting to see, David,
 is that particularly with our reconciliation,
 So our DOM to grade control and our DOM to or reserve.
 But we're starting to see an upward tech,
 particularly on the grade front
 as we improve particularly some of the mining-related factors
 as Bob has just described, dilution recovery.
 and we've improved our grade control system.
 So we are starting to see that upward tick in the grade and particularly on a
 a three month moving average, it's starting to trend
 into the direction where we need it to be.
 So we have confidence that the models are performing to plan
 and we're just aligning that with the way we're mining
 and we're confident that we'll start to see that
 where it needs to be over the next coming quarters.
 I just
 conclude that
 David with a comment around
 the fact that we've owned this asset for 21 months.
 It's only been in the last five months that we've been able to visit the operation.
 but when we bought the asset in April
 2019
 We said our three-year goal was to get to a run rate of 200,000 ounces of gold.
 and then a longer-term five-year horizon of 350,000 ounces a year.
 And we are committed to delivering that on both 36-month and 60-month targets.
 Brilliant. Thanks very much, guys. I'll pass it on.
 Thank you. Your next question comes from Al Harvey from JPMorgan.
 please go ahead
 Yeah, morning, Jake and team.
 just a couple from me
 just with Ernest Henry
 and the study
 So we've got about 18 months for the PFS.
 Just wondering if this is going to take on much of the work that Glencore did
 or if it'll be kind of a complete re-cut, incorporating that.
 those further depth extensions
 and I think, Glenn, you mentioned it was going down to 480 metres
 and still open beyond.
 So where potentially could you – would you kind of draw the line on those depth extensions and where this study will kind of finish up?
 Yes. So just to clarify, the study will be delivered in the second half of this calendar year.
 It's the first half of FY23.
 so we're kind of
 say nine months away
 from delivery of that
 it will build on
 the
 concept study which
 was completed by Glencore
 I suppose one of the things which we found intriguing as we've looked at the
 concept study is that it was determined really on the basis of minimising the capital expenditure
 which meant that the depth
 extent of the concept study went down to as far as the decline could go and you could
 crack material up.
 So it wasn't constrained or determined by geology.
 it was more determined by
 Yeah, how far can we develop, how deep can we develop, which is kind of four to five year mine life extension with a decline development and not needing to spend significant capital.
 So the priority was really minimising capital expenditure
 and extending mine life, which constrained it to that four to five years.
 So our briefies will look at that as well, but it will also look at some longer-dated
 options as to whether there is potential
 to extend it even further beyond that
 which certainly from my site visit, there was a lot of optimism from the site team that that was possible.
 Thanks Jake.
 Maybe just quickly on Red Lake, you got the approval for the higher throughput trial.
 How long will that trial last, and then what are the permitting steps that will follow that there?
 Bob, do you want to take that question?
 Yep.
 Thanks, Al.
 the trial is actually
 we're permitted for
 a
 six to eight week period of budgetly unlimited throughput through the
 Campbell mill and the reason we want to we wanted the trial was he did you to
 determine how far we could actually push the mill.
 So really, it's a short period of time that will allow us to then be able to go and actually
 seek the approvals for a permanent lift at the moment you need an engineering
 study and we actually believe that we can actually get all the data we need
 out of this trial
 to be able to go and actually seek the permitting.
 Thanks, Bob.
 and if I could just sneak one more in
 Just with Cal, there was a small contribution from the underground this quarter.
 I thought we were kind of going to expect that a little bit later.
 So is this material a one-off,
 or can we kind of expect Underground to start contributing more
 and seeing that ramp up over the next few quarters?
 Bob?
 we're on track for the
 timeframe that was actually spoken
 that earlier about now
 There will be minor contributions coming through as we develop through different zones, but
 that won't be significant in the immediate future,
 but we're on track to deliver first ore, as we said.
 I'm just trying to remember exactly the time for him
 I can't remember, sorry.
 I'd have to go and check it.
 Jake?
 No, I don't think there was any contribution or material contribution from the underground.
 and it remains on track and on schedule.
 Yeah, no worries.
 Thanks, Jake and Bob. Cheers.
 Thank you.
 question comes from Daniel Morgan from
 Barron Joey. Please go ahead.
 Hi, Jack and Tam.
 just on red light
 Can you just run through on why FY22 guidance is still achievable?
 albeit at the low end of the ranch.
 It does imply the next two quarters have got a very strong production run rate of over 50,000 ounces.
 I guess we're at the end of January
 so you should have visibility on that data
 but
 Um,
 It just seems a big lift.
 You know, what is underpinning that?
 Do you have, you know, high-grade stopes available?
 Is it running this trial of the plant?
 You know, does that give you more production?
 and just, you know, how is guidance achievable?
 Yeah, Dan, thanks.
 I mean, we've specifically said that group guidance is achievable.
 we're not going to make the asset
 guidance at Red Lake
 but we're not feeling
 that we want to be granular enough
 to say, you know, how much we can produce
 because all these steps are in place
 and are showing improvements,
 on a group basis, and I think that's
 that investors should look at, you know,
 we are confirming that we will make our guidance range.
 Ah, right. I might have misinterpreted the comment, but it was a group comment. Apologies.
 just on red leg
 maybe taking a step back, could you maybe break out
 what are the
 critical elements that need to be in place for the turnaround to occur?
 because obviously a lot of these are not in place at current,
 whether that's equipment, whether that's the, you know,
 the access to the Upper Campbell
 or the MILF reports.
 Can you just unpick when these pieces to the turnaround will be in place
 are expected to be in place
 and when we can expect that.
 Sure.
 Bob, you've just recovered from jet lag from your latest trip there,
 over the years.
 Thanks.
 Jake and
 thank you
 Dan
 as we talked about earlier
 The big one to start with was getting the development to open up new areas.
 But post that, we've actually been working on the STOPE turnaround cycle and the time
 from initial development through to filling of a stope.
 so we can keep the sequence going for the next scope
 which comes along right beside the previous field stopes.
 So we've been working on long-haul drill rates.
 We've been working on pace fill placement.
 We've been working on re-entry times as well as stoping and turnover of the actual stopes.
 stopes. So all those together is really
 is what is enabling the lift
 last quarter of our autumns
 by, I think it's about 15%
 from the previous quarter.
 So that comes around because we can actually get into the stage quicker and more regularly.
 if we actually look at the additional
 mining front, what it enables us to do is actually spread the mining fleet out so that
 interruption and disruption from interacting activities is limited even further so that
 allows us to actually turn
 the actual cycles quicker because we actually don't have the same disruption
 practice. A big
 one for coming quarters is
 Koshner and last
 quarter
 the
 high-speed tram or the the locomotive that takes the or from Koshner across the
 read chart that improves significantly from the previous quarter and that is one of the
 main things out of the layoffs because Koshner has got
 a good turnover cycle
 of its topes already.
 Did I sort of try to answer it?
 When is access coming to the Upper Campbell, for instance?
 So, sorry, guys.
 Go ahead.
 I was just going to say, the Upper Campbell, so the CYD is actually accessing the Upper Campbell, and we're already down into that area with the CYD.
 first dope
 or
 was always said to be around about 12 months
 after.
 And that still is on track.
 we will get
 minor amounts of
 of development or early, the same as Ed Kell.
 I mean, as you go through areas, you'll intercept some sort of minor wall zones.
 But anything from the start will still be within that 12 months from first starting.
 Jake, do you want to add anything to that?
 No, other than that you were walking around last week
 and you felt positive about the, you know, the outlook over there.
 I mean, I suppose the thing that I would add to all this commentary on Red Lake
 is that each time someone's been there,
 and particularly Bob, who's made several trips,
 You know, there are no red flags with respect to our delivery of this.
 It's getting our operational efficiency bedded down.
 And, you know, I still believe this is, as I said in my commentary, this is an amazing commercial opportunity where we've acquired assets that need transformation.
 It's going to take some time.
 we've had a few hiccups in the last six months
 but, you know, there are no red flags with respect to delivery
 and transforming this operation.
 I guess
 Jake on that comment about the
 ore tonnages or the potential
 or within that campbell zone.
 Daniel
 I walked 9, 11, 14, and a few other levels this time.
 and it's right for the taking.
 And it's just the access we've got to get there.
 So that's what you're talking to Tom.
 Thank you. And the last question would probably be a bit simpler, just Mongari, just the numbers on page four.
 Can I just get a confirmation on whether these are equity numbers
 or do they have JV production in them?
 I just want to make sure I'm treating like with like here.
 Sorry.
 yeah
 then
 so
 So the physicals up the top will be 100% of what's processed
 when we're talking about gold production, silver production,
 and that is our equitable share.
 so we're wanting to show
 what the actual mining and processing has been able to do.
 Okay, thank you
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Levi Spry from UBS.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, g'day. Happy New Year. Thanks for the call.
 can I just follow up on Dave and Dan's
 questions there around Red Lake
 Bob, can we get the
 tons and grades for the second half and do I assume that the three-year 200,000 ounces means
 that we're going for a 50,000 ounce per quarter run rate
 in sort of, you know, 12 months or whatever it looks out to be, 10 months?
 I think before Bob answers that, I'll have a good happy new year, Levi.
 yes is the
 answer to your last question
 You know, to get to 200,000 ounces, we need to get to consistently doing a run rate of 50,000 ounces per quarter.
 we'd prefer not to
 kind of break down
 into tons and
 great for the next six months because we just feel we want to build confidence ourselves
 on a group guidance basis.
 we are comfortable
 We'll make the guidance range, but we'd prefer just to give us another couple of months
 to just get comfortable
 that these
 Changes that we're seeing are going to be repeatable and consistently deliverable.
 Yep. Okay. Thank you. Thanks, Jack.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Alex Bockley from RBC.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, Jake and team.
 First, a quick one at Cal.
 it seems like
 suspending
 CAPEX
 is maybe
 running
 a bit low on an annualised
 basis is that
 But is there a reason for that, or should we be expecting a lift in the second half?
 Larry?
 Yeah, Alex, it is just basically timing more than anything.
 We expect that their second half will lift.
 I mean, the primary focus in the first half was getting the underground
 and the IWL project's continuing.
 and in the second half you'll see some sustaining capital come through.
 Thanks, Troy.
 All right, no problem.
 and a quick one at Red Lake
 just to follow up on what's been asked.
 So for the second quarter, can we confirm that there was no grade reconciliation issues?
 yeah there was dilution but that was improving and in the in in the month of
 December, we felt very comfortable that we'd address some of the issues that we were getting
 in terms of both dilution
 and
 and we feel confident that the models are performing to plan.
 Yeah, okay.
 Yeah, I was sort of talking about the model,
 but you've answered me there.
 Thanks very much, guys.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Matthew Friedman
 from Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead.
 Sure. Thanks. Morning, Jake and team.
 I don't want to labor the point on Red Lake
 and you did kind of just touch on it there, Jake,
 that I'm just wondering, you know,
 you've highlighted on the call and in the report a number of ways that,
 you know, tons are improving and volumes are improving.
 You know, we can see mining rates lifting,
 development rates
 lifting
 but obviously
 grade keeps
 falling. You've been underperforming
 the reserve grade for a year now.
 So, I guess, you know, does that mean we'll see an overperformance at some point?
 Is there a need to rethink some of the dilution assumptions
 and other factors that underpin that reserve grade.
 you said you're comfortable with the way the model
 performing at the moment but I guess
 another year of data on this asset you know now I guess leads lead to any sort
 of expectations or anything that we should
 think about at the next
 mineral reserves
 uh
 sorry, mineral resource or reserve update,
 you know, anything to think about in terms of that.
 Yeah, thanks, Matt.
 I mean, good question again.
 And Bob and his team have been doing a lot of work on understanding that.
 And, again, we are of the view empirically that the models are performing to plan.
 But, Bob, maybe you can give some colour as to some of the issues
 and then hand over to Glenn to just give some guidance on the MRR.
 Yeah, no problems, young man.
 The number that I quoted when I was speaking, that was the December number.
 So the number in the report is an average for the quarter of 3.95.
 and in December it did lift
 to 4.9
 which is
 It's starting to show out some of the dilution issues that I spoke about being under control.
 It's also showing some improvements in drilling accuracy
 and the like within the stope.
 so it's actually starting to improve significantly and that's why what Jake
 about we're pretty confident on the on the models we're working on all those
 things are we where we need to be I still think we've got improvements to be
 had so I still think that there's there's further uplifts to come but it is
 actually all moving in the right direction so it's pretty pretty pleasing
 Glenn, did you want to comment on the model?
 Yeah, thanks, Bob.
 Yeah, Matt, I think just really, I guess,
 a bit of a preview on our MRLR update,
 which we'll come out with mid-next month.
 So as you'll recall, when we did the sort of, I guess, the evolution update to bring it in,
 there's compliance with Jork.
 We consolidated the models from over 130 to 19 principal models.
 In the last 12 months, we've had new data and mining from six of those models.
 So they are the ones that we're going to be revising into the MROI annual update.
 we're not seeing you know really any material movement in in the resource and that's from a
 tons and grade perspective and assuming that the same cutoff grades as we
 previously had, which is around about three and a
 and a half grams per tonne on a mineral resource basis.
 We do, you know, the new data that we're collecting is really confirming some of the geological
 information.
 interpretations um there are some small changes there'll be swings and roundabouts you know in
 areas where
 We didn't have, you know, as much data support as we would have liked, but that's to be expected.
 so I think
 you know
 all in all, we're not expecting to see any material change
 sort of year over year
 in terms of the actual
 geological model and how it
 informs the resource estimate
 And I think from sort of looking at this in a great amount of detail, Bob,
 and his technical team
 and Glenn and the Resort
 You know, we are confident that, you know, we are addressing the mining issues
 And with good mining practice, we should be able to get the grade that is in the models.
 Got it. Thanks, Jake, and thanks for the context, Glenn.
 just secondly
 on Ernest Henry
 and obviously congrats to the team
 on closing that transaction over Christmas and the new year.
 I hope they did manage to get some kind of a holiday.
 But just wondering, in terms of, you mentioned that the copper production during the quarter was a bit lower than, sorry, the lower copper production during the quarter was, I guess, to plan.
 And potentially that's attributable to lower grades quarter on quarter.
 that asset is still mining above reserve grade
 for copper in particular.
 Just wondering when we should be thinking about a roll-off back to reserve grades for that asset.
 Did we see that in the December quarter?
 And then, you know, I guess similar to the last question,
 anything to think about in terms of incorporating
 that reserve and resource
 into your next update, you know,
 And now that that's being reported on a 100% basis,
 I believe it's already a Jork standard resource.
 But, yeah, any movements there to think about now that it's fully evolution ownership?
 Yeah, thanks, Matt.
 Glenn, do you want to just comment on the resource?
 Yeah, sure, Jake. So on the resource, Matt, we will be providing an update mid-next month, which will incorporate information up until about May last year, which will be when Glencore did their last resource update.
 So it'll be update reflecting that point in time,
 and it won't incorporate all the drilling information
 that we've collected between May and December.
 So that will obviously be rolled into our MROR cycle
 as we go ahead, you know, this 12-month period
 to really incorporate all that information
 in addition to the new drilling
 that is in the plan for this year.
 and Matt just on the
 production it was
 it was a combination
 So in the quarter, we had a shutdown, which was a planned shutdown,
 and it also a shutdown in the mine.
 So we did end up with some lower grades coming through.
 and as we look at the rest of the year,
 you do see that the average grade being mined is coming back down,
 certainly from where the first quarter was.
 and the second thing that did impact on copper in this quarter
 were some finalisations of the previous quarter's concentrate sales.
 So that did have a bit of an impact on the copper piece in particular.
 So what you'll see, if you look at it as a half,
 you're going to see that then flow through into the second half
 is pretty well a light for light.
 once you grow it up
 Once you gross it up to 100%, obviously.
 Right, got it.
 Thanks, Laurie, and thanks for the comments, Glenn.
 Thank you.
 Question comes from Mitch Ryan from Jefferies.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning, all. Thank you very much for taking out the questions.
 Quick question with regards to Red Lake,
 but more of a longer-term dated question.
 I don't think you'd provide an update on Battle North
 and the acquisition there, specifically around the milling capacity.
 Part of the rationale for that was to potentially bring that milling capacity online.
 can you give us an update on the
 permitting processes for that, how much
 attention is actually being able to be spent on
 that, keeping the focus on just
 I guess, consolidating the base level of production in the existing Red Lake operations.
 Sure.
 Bob, over to you.
 Yeah, thanks.
 the better
 The Middle North processing plant, it's there, it's operational if we wanted to start it.
 We are replacing some parts that need replacing.
 big issue at the the Bateman plant is the TSF and we're working through that
 at the moment. For the next
 sort of
 12-odd-ish months, our capacity at Red Lake and Campbell
 are going to be enough.
 so that's what we're we're doing the permitting and all the work to bring it
 in on time when we actually need it from the rest of battle north we're still doing work in the
 underground.
 We're doing some drilling that Glenn could talk about, so we've done some grade control
 drilling over there, just to grow our knowledge on your bodies as well.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Mitch.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Stuart McKinnon
 from The West Australian.
 Please go ahead.
 Oh, g'day, Jake and team.
 I was just intrigued by the mention in the quarterly about up to 15% of your workforce
 being effectively knocked out at Red Lake and Cow at various times because of
 COVID you know obviously you know COVID hasn't hasn't been sort of awash in the
 community as it has in those
 other places, Canada and New South Wales
 in WI are you expecting that you know eventually you're going to have those
 have the same challenges at your WA operations in terms of COVID
 in managing the workforce as you do at Red Lake and Cal
 and how much more of an impact is that going to be
 given that you know you're already sort of short on workers given that you know
 the WA situation with the you know labor market shortage just generally in the
 resources industry.
 Yes.
 .
 Yes, Stuart. That's a good question.
 Look, we're obviously watching it and monitoring it.
 very closely
 and
 trying to put in the contingency plans
 and the learnings which we've got from managing it
 and we've managed it effectively at Red Lake and Cal.
 but
 unless there is
 someone finds a cure
 for COVID, which does not seem
 to be the case
 because people
 who are triple
 vaxxed still
 seem to be catching the
 Omicron variants
 in New South Wales and Canada and around the world,
 then you'd have to think that at some point in time,
 if Western Australia opens up, Omicron is going to spread
 through Western Australia.
 So we are going to do our best to put in contingency plans,
 but if you couple that with a skills shortage,
 it does put the whole mining industry in Western Australia at some risk.
 Thanks.
 Thanks for that, Jake.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Nick Evans from The Australian.
 Please go ahead.
 Um,
 sorry about that
 just took me
 my phone.
 G'day Derek
 Great, great time.
 And just to follow up to his question, Jake,
 But just in terms of New South Wales in particular, how are you sort of thinking about the spread
 of Famicom in New South Wales?
 do you think that sort of Cal or
 University of California
 thing the worst of it
 Or were you expecting this kind of level of absenteeism to continue for some time?
 And just in terms of WA, I thought I detected a sort of a note of frustration in your voice
 when you talked about not being able to visit it.
 I mean, do you think that in terms of dealing with the inevitable spread in WA
 that the state government should have bitten the bullet
 and done it now?
 or do you think there was some benefit
 but to delaying the reopening in WA.
 Thanks, Nick.
 I'll answer the second question first.
 our preference would have been to have the Western Australian border
 opened earlier
 it just seems like
 You're in some ways deferring the inevitable by keeping it closed,
 as I said earlier, unless there is a cure
 which is not on the horizon,
 um
 It is going to be present and it is going to have to be dealt with
 some point in time, even if it is deferred, it's not
 going to be eliminated
 It does feel like other places like New South Wales and Ontario
 and the rest of the world is learning how to manage this
 and certainly at our operations,
 while it has been a big distraction
 we have been able to manage through it
 And we are getting more comfortable that we can manage it.
 it has
 distracted the management teams a lot,
 But with proper process and proper protocols, it can be managed effectively.
 Thanks, Jack.
 Appreciate that.
 Thank you. Your next question comes from Jim Pollock from Cerveton Associates. Please go ahead.
 Yes, good morning, everybody, and thanks, Jake.
 I think it was you who said in your introduction that the second half of the financial year would be materially better.
 I was just wondering where we can expect to see material improvements in which operations?
 Yeah, Jim, I think. Thanks. There are two areas which I'd say you should look out for.
 The one is Red Lake that we've spoken about at length on this call.
 we expect to see
 a material improvement in production
 and reduction in costs over there.
 and the second one is the acquisition of Ernest Henry
 will be fully incorporated into our results
 on a 100% basis from the 1st of January,
 and that will also have a material impact.
 All right, good.
 I wasn't going to ask, well, I thought I'd be a little bit different
 and not ask any questions on Ernest Henry,
 but thanks for including that answer
 Given the rain problems you've had in New South Wales and Queensland, just, for example,
 in at Mount Roughton
 what
 can
 of material low-grade material do you have stockpiled that you can keep the
 mill running on?
 I think we have very significant low-grade stockpiles.
 that's not the issue
 The issue is more we want to access the more profitable, lower-cost ounces in the pit.
 right but
 there's
 if you had to depend
 And this is a hypothetical question.
 If you had to depend 100% on stockpiled material, you have many years ahead of you, I assume, many years' life left.
 Yes, we do.
 Right, okay.
 what's the
 What's the situation at Carroll?
 Large stockpiles there?
 Yes, very large stockpiles there as well.
 that's what we were treating before
 we got into the stage 8 cutback
 which we're now treating all grade materials.
 So it's very comfortable there as well.
 Yep, good.
 Okay, finally, look, I've been asked to ask you,
 What's your best way of contacting you?
 Dr. Sandra Close did attempt to, well, did try to contact you or did contact the office before Christmas but got no reply.
 What's the best way of her getting something to you?
 I think if you go through the website, we will respond to it.
 No, right.
 I hope you're right.
 Good.
 Fine, that's me.
 Thanks very much.
 Thanks, Jim.
 Thank you. Your next question comes from Anthony Barich from S&P Global. Please go ahead.
 Hi Jake, I'm just wondering, you mentioned early on about some of the headwinds that
 seems to be front of mind.
 I'm just wondering, just for the gold sector,
 how much are they friends of mind
 in the context of what's going on in the bigger picture, you know,
 And I'm not expecting any crystal balling for the gold sector or anything here,
 but are you overall more optimistic than not, you know,
 for the coming year?
 Yeah, I'm very optimistic
 I mean, we've repositioned our portfolio to be profitable right through the cycle.
 As we've said, if you take our portfolio,
 12 months on from the beginning of
 2021 to the end
 Uh, it's, it's materially better.
 We did the Mangari transaction, the Kandana consolidation.
 we did the
 the Ernest Henry transaction
 and we did the Battle North transaction to consolidate Red Lake.
 So from our perspective, you know, the strategy remains the same.
 Focus on quality over quantity, return on capital, and, you know, benefit.
 but the gold price is over $2,500 Australian dollars an ounce.
 I did reflect on the fact that when I started
 in the industry, it was $300 an ounce.
 So, you know, if we're not happy at $2,500 an ounce,
 we need to find another sector to operate in.
 And we're excited and happy about it.
 And, you know, the Fed Reserve meeting this morning
 told everyone what they knew.
 interest rates were going to go up.
 I didn't see anything that people should have been surprised about in that meeting.
 So that's my question about the overall optimistic.
 I was more referring to, yeah, that's our macro picture.
 So when you refer to the US Fed there,
 you're obviously saying that's the implications are that for the for the gold sector that's
 That's obviously looking good for the coming year.
 I think the, you know, the question which everyone's asking,
 Jerome Powell
 the Fed
 Reserve Chairman made the point this morning
 that inflation is way higher than their target
 and they need to start raising interest rates
 and managing and reducing their balance sheet.
 Yeah, that's the question.
 And is the Fed going to be able to do that and do it in a way that is not disruptive?
 and if I
 if I were someone and I
 who needed insurance
 i'd be buying gold and gold stocks like evolution okay thank you thanks
 Thank you.
 Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I'll now hand back to Mr. Klein
 Thank you for closing remarks.
 Thanks.
 So thanks, everyone, for participating.
 Appreciate it.
 It won't be long before you speak to us again with the release of our interim results in the middle of February.
 so look forward to updating you then
 and look forward to being able to, hopefully,
 with travel restrictions reducing to be able to take you to Ernest Henry,
 take you to Red Lake
 and also visit Cal where there are lots of changes happening
 because seeing is really believing.
 So thanks.
 Thank you.
 That does conclude our conference for today.
 Thank you for participating.
 you may now disconnect.