 Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Evolution Mining, December 2021, quarter
 ru...
 results calls. All participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation
 followed by a question and answer session.
 If you wish to ask a question, you will need to press the star key, followed by the number
 on your telephone keypad.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Martin Cummings, General Manager of
 investor relations, please go ahead.
 Thank you Darcy. Good morning and welcome to the Evolution Mining December 2021 Quarterly
 conference call.
 As Darcy mentioned, my name is Martin Cummings and I'm the General Manager of Investor Relations.
 This morning on the call, we have Jake Klein, our Executive Chairman, Laurie Conway, our
 CFO and Finance Director and myself in our group office in Sydney.
 Bob Falker, our Chief Operating Officer,
 In Glenn Masterman, our VP, Discovery and Business Development,
 dialing in. It has been a tumultuous couple of years and has expected gold's
 role as a safe haven during those times has been demonstrated.
 As the pandemic was breaking in early 2020, we saw gold rise from the low of 1500s per
 rounds to an all-time high around 2070 in August that year. We started 2021 with the
 the gold price down from its peak at just under US 1,900 per ounce.
 The economies were surging as they emerged from COVID lockdowns and equity markets were
 printing new highs. Bitcoin was continuing to generate a lot of interest with some touting
 it as a new digital gold and exposure to any metal that ended up in a Tesla was highly
 sought after.
 Gold couldn't catch a bid in early 2021 and the sell-off was brisk.
 down to $1,680 by March.
 Gold equities would follow and by the end of September, the GDX index of senior gold companies
 had fallen about 20% year-to-date, with the GDXJ
 the junior index even lower, down around 30%.
 But in the last three months, things have turned.
 Developing economies are now dealing with soaring inflation, with the Federal Reserve
 but now indicating it will need to respond
 with rate increases soon.
 The Omicron COVID variant spread quickly, leading some countries to reintroduce or extend lockdowns and restrictions.
 And recently, Russia and Ukraine's tension has Europe on high alert.
 Bitcoin had an incredible journey in 2021, but has now given back most of those gains.
 Gold's role as a safe haven is returning and we now trade back up around US 1820 per ounce.
 For Australian gold miners, the Australian gold dollar gold price also went on a wild
 right percent of its all-time high. These really are great prices to be selling our product at.
 And of course, copper had a standout year two, rising around 25%.
 Evolution is well placed to better production, materially increasing from this month.
 With that, I'll now hand over to Jake to introduce the December 2021 quarterly report.
 Thanks, Martin. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the call. Thanks for joining us and happy New Year
 But despite the industry headwinds,
 COVID, labor shortages, and unseasonal rainfall.
 Teams did extremely well to manage the impact.
 As planned and first articulated to you in July,
 We anticipate the second half of the year to be materially better than the last six months
 and are on track to deliver our guidance.
 Given the first half performance at Red Light, we expect to be in the bottom half of the
 production range and between the mid and top end of the cost guidance range.
 Last quarter, our portfolio was significantly improved
 securing 100% ownership of the iconic Ernest Henry Copper-Goldmine.
 We also concluded the sale of manned carbons in the bar minerals and whilst retaining exposure
 to the future of the operation.
 The sale allows us to focus on our larger, higher margin assets.
 We continue to be consistent and diligent in the implementation of our strategy of improving
 the quality of our portfolio, and being laser-focused about putting ourselves into a position
 where we can generate sector-leading returns on the capital we deploy.
 In our view, this is the holy grail in our industry and is the true measure of a Gold
 these performance over the long term.
 I visited Ernest Henry last week and left very confident that in the December quarter,
 concluded what is likely to prove one of the most transformative deals in
 in evolution's history.
 It is an outstanding operation with a great team and terrific geological upside.
 We look forward to hosting a number of you there for a site visit in due course.
 The foundations for the transaction were put in place in 2016, when we secured the economic
 interest in the asset and since then it builds a strong and mutually respectful relationship
 with Glencore that allowed us to negotiate this deal on a bilateral, exclusive basis
 over the course of a few months last year.
 Our economic interest delivered $79.5 million in cash flow last quarter and now with 100%
 of the operation being included from 1 January.
 we expect its impact to be even bigger going forward.
 The cave extension pre-feasibility study will be a priority and with the intersections 400
 meters below the study area and still open below that, Ernest Henry has a long and very
 exciting future.
 Cal performed extremely well and managed to deliver to plan in spite of unprecedented rainfall and and COVID interruptions
 The underground project, which will grow cow's production to 350,000 oz per annum, remains
 on schedule and budget.
 I was also fortunate to be able to visit Red Lake in November last year due to COVID travel
 restrictions. This was my first visit since we took ownership of the asset in April 2020.
 20. RedLac is one of the best commercial opportunities I've seen in the gold sector in my career.
 the combined purchase price of 650 million U.S. dollars being Red Lake and
 Battle North, we have secured a district scale tenement position with 11 million
 to the resource and significant exploration upside.
 seven kilometers of prospective strike
 with associated mining infrastructure.
 three mills and $700 million of Canadian tax losses.
 In time, this asset will be transformed into plus 350,000oz, a year low cost producer.
 This is our values created in our sector.
 As you will hear from Bob who has just returned from his third visit in the last five months,
 Progress is being made.
 Last quarter we consistently achieved over 1,200 metres of development each month.
 As a result of this and other improvements, we are confident of a material and sustainable
 improvements of production in the next two quarters.
 We expect this higher production to drive the cost per ounce lower, and I'm looking
 forward to visiting the operation again with Laurie in the next few weeks.
 frustratingly, Mungari remains the only asset in our portfolio that we cannot currently visit.
 We are fortunate to have a good team in Western Australia who have led the Kandana integration,
 has gone well and we are growing increasingly confident about the future and the potential
 of this operation.
 None.
 was impacted by heavy rainfall and was forced to process the low-grade stop
 material.
 So, strategically, we continue to assess the potential amount of rodents to be converted
 into a pumped hydro generator, which could be a significant contributor of renewable
 energy to the south-east Queensland grids at the end of its mine life.
 This last quarter the highlights for the Discovery team were good intersections at Q and Westerner
 Australia, and also more intriguing and exciting intersections at Red Lake where there is plenty
 of open space and interesting geology to discover another high-grade zone.
 When and his team are also plotting and planning the next phase of drilling at Ernest Henry.
 Whilst we are managing industry headwinds, we should not ignore the significant commodity
 price tailwinds.
 The gold price of over $2,500 Australian dollars and a copper price, which going forward will
 represent around 20% of our revenue of over $30,500 per tonne.
 is well positioned to benefit from this.
 I'll now hand over to Bob to provide some more detail on the operational performance.
 Thanks Jake and good morning everyone.
 The December quarter saw our TRIF stabilise at 9.4.
 The highlight being a 35% reduction in the 12-month moving average in Mandaring.
 The December quarter goal production is the first reported without Mt. Tarn's contribution.
 Recorded goal production was 148,000 ounces.
 with a 5% improvement in the oil and sustaining cost to $1347 an ounce.
 Despite the challenges faced with above-average rain form in COVID,
 have a strong court of delivering 60,000 ounces at an all-in-sustaining cost of $998 an ounce.
 operating mine cash flow pre-capital of 80.6 million.
 investment ramped up at Cal with $60 million spent on major projects this quarter.
 This included $24 million on the IW world and $33.5 million on the underground development.
 development rates will ramp up in the March quarter with a second jumbo commencing in
 December, and the selection of the primary mining contract that is on track for the
 March quarter. The project remains on budget and on schedule. The IWR stage 2
 deposition has run smoothly throughout the quarter.
 The ministry produced 21,000 ounces of gold and 4.1,000 ounces of copper at an only sustaining
 cost of a negative $882 an ounce.
 The high AISC compared to the September quarter is primarily driven by lower copper production
 due to lower mining planed mining cunts.
 The net mine cash flow remains strong at $79.5 million, another significant contribution
 into the portfolio.
 I'm pleased to say this will be the last court of reporting unisonering as an economic interest.
 integration activities are well underway and I'm excited to have the Ernestine
 routine as part of the evolution family.
 The pre-feasibility study for the mine extension below the 1125RL has commenced in rolling
 incorporate the recent drilling results, indicating mineralisation
 extends further than assumed in the concept study.
 The completion of the study is expected in H1FY23.
 Moving on to Red Lake, as the past five months I've been on site three times.
 Each time I see an improvement in step change in performance and delivery.
 Will I still work in progress?
 Pleasingly, many key metrics are moving in the right direction.
 Red Lake produced 20,000 ounces for the quarter, and although they're all interesting in cost
 It's not where we need it to be.
 The operating mind cash flow for the quarter
 was a positive.
 And we spent $13.9 million in sustaining capital,
 and $36.9 million on major capital for future production.
 For the past couple of quarters, I've been talking about development.
 increasingly during the December quarter, each month was above our long-term transformation
 goal of 1200 metres per month.
 December quarter was 21% higher than the September quarter. I expect this to continue allowing
 additional mining front to be opened.
 Campbell Mill continues to achieve new records,
 and approval has been granted to lift the daily throughput restriction of 2,000 tons
 for day for a limited trial in the second half of the financial year to support the
 Campbell Mill expansion.
 Well, it's still not where we want them to be.
 there's been significant improvements through the quarter.
 Stapes cycle time has improved by 25%.
 Stope idle time has improved by 60%.
 Time to drill per step has improved by 27% and slug drilling has halved with a V30 implementation.
 Stope extraction quality focused has delivered a 19% improvement in stope
 recovery, a 3% reduction in dilution, and a 15% increase in our oil mine to quarter
 quarter.
 And in December, the milder grade lifted to 4.9 grams per tonne.
 Looking forward to H2, we're expecting to see a continually improvement in delivery from the underground and the two mills operating.
 Notable improvements for the second half of the year.
 Tons processed will increase for the red lake mill running and the Campbell mill rate extension.
 Grade mine is lifting as dilution reduces and plans for early ore from the CYD development
 Continue.
 Increase.
 The transfer of haulage locomotives performed to improve by 43% last quarter and replacement
 locomotives will be commissioned this quarter, further reducing downtime.
 increased number of mining horizons and continuing the improvement in state design and execution
 to further enhance our all-deliberation quality.
 Manjuaq Dari is moving forward post-integration.
 For the quarter, they produced 34,000 ounces of gold at an all-increasing cost of $1,829
 an ounce.
 and generate an operating line cash flow pre-capital of $20.7 million.
 All grade process increased 34% over the last quarter.
 as a proportion of underground oil in the feed
 increased from 54% to 67%.
 Workforce integration is ongoing with a focus on establishing a one-team approach.
 The sharing of resources across the field has commenced
 and enabling better deployment of equipment and resources
 to priority areas which has been critical as a site navigates high vacancy rates and
 COVID related impacts.
 The ant rodent produced 12.4 thousand ounces at an only sustaining cost of $1842 an ounce.
 operating on cash flow, pre-capital of $11.9 million.
 previously mentioned, where the significant impact of access to the pit resulting in reduced
 all movements.
 As a result, stock fall feed increased, directly affecting gold grade and production.
 summary.
 Thank you for watching and make sure to subscribe and hit the notification bell.
 And I'll see you in the next one.
 Lake and Mangari throughout the quarter. The Kowloon Underground Project continues to hit
 milestones and the official ownership of the Ernest Henry mine has added additional opportunities
 for the portfolio.
 Thank you for your time and I'll hand over to Glenn.
 Thank you, Bob and good morning everyone
 Thank you, everyone.
 our Q-Joint Fan Chair in Western Australia. We've advised our partner
 Musgrave Minerals that we will be taking full management and
 and Operatorship of the project, which occurred on January 1st of this year.
 Recent results from diamond drilling at the West Island Prospect outlined on page 15 of
 this morning's report.
 We importantly confirm the potential for high-grade minimization within individual loads.
 Billing has also identified multiple new load structures in the favorable dollarite host
 in various locations along Stryke.
 The geometric relationships between structures and dollar-ite imply individual loads may be
 limited by their potential strike length that remain open at depth.
 The vehicle drilling program has been very important in further delineating the favourable
 Dolarite host.
 And as such,
 a golden omelism, a long strike from the original West Island drilling.
 The results have unlocked new areas with the necessary geological ingredients.
 mineralisation to occur up to five kilometres from West Island. One of the
 challenges with all of our drilling programs is long delays waiting to
 that's a result in time to inform where to drill next.
 This is an industry-wide issue and is holding back the ability to accelerate drilling programs in the ways we would like to.
 At Q, we are still waiting on results from five diamond holes and over 70 air core holes,
 which restricts our ability to sensibly add additional drilling resources.
 At Red Lake, two deep holes were completed as wide-space step-outs from the original
 intercept reported last quarter on the Arizona extension.
 One of the holes in the second high-grave mineralisation, 200 metres away from the first
 Hall.
 With
 a hole drilling through the structure, however, it did not return significant mineralisation.
 The results reported on page 12 are encouraging
 because I unlock a large area of real estate
 that has not been previously drilled along the extension
 of the other instruction.
 The follow-up drilling is currently stepping off the high-grade intercept in hole 69 to
 expand the potential scale of minimization in this area. At Nangari, drilling underground
 at Kandana and East Kandana,
 continuous concentration on small resource extensions and classification upgrades on future
 mining areas adjacent to existing development.
 Step out drilling into the foot wall of the K2 structure from the underground at Hornet
 has returned further promising intersets of stacked load style minimization at Star Trek.
 The follow-up drilling is underway to understand the significance of the laminated vein in
 Hall 2130 reported on Page 14 of this morning's report.
 The geology is similar to what would be expected on the main K2 structure at ARHP, which is
 is worthy of priority follow-up drilling.
 As Ernest Henry, we have assessed H2 drilling priorities, which will be focused on developing
 nobody knowledge for the PFS, along with de-risking areas of the resource that require additional
 data support before production is scheduled.
 As Bob and Jake mentioned earlier, strong copper-gold renonisation has been intercepted
 at the 480-metre RL and remains open down plunge.
 With that, I'll hand over to Larry.
 Thank you, Glennon. Good morning, everyone.
 This morning I'll provide a brief update on the financial performance for the quarter as
 outlined on pages 9 and 10 of the report.
 The group we produced 148,000 ounces at an all-in-sustaining cost of 1347 per ounce.
 the lines with our guidance where we said the production would increase over the year
 and the all-in-sustaining cost would trend down from around 1450 per ounce in the first quarter.
 The AISC was approximately 5% lower than the September quarter.
 Our focus on portfolio quality is evident
 in that on a light for light basis,
 The divestment of Mt Carlton operation reduced our all-in-sustaining cost by $28 per ounce
 this quarter. As our production and cost profile changes in the second half, the cost benefit
 from this divestment will improve further.
 Group production and cost guidance remain unchanged at $670,000 to $725,000oz at an
 all in sustaining cost of $11.35 to $11.95 per ounce.
 With the performance of Red Lake in the first half, we expect to be at the bottom end of
 the production range and between in the top half of the cost guidance range.
 In terms of cash flow, we were fairly well in line with plan,
 excluding the underperformance at red light.
 We generated 203 million of operating cash flow, which is up 4.6% and 13% excluding
 Mount Carlton. On a per ounce basis our operating cash flow was up 10% quarter on quarter. This
 This was against a flat gold price and lower copper revenue where the higher copper price
 was offset by planned lower copper volumes at Ernest Henry.
 All right.
 Net mind cash flow was 53 million
 with our capital programs remaining on plan.
 We invested around $34 million in sustaining capital or made the project investment in
 increased to 114 million as projects in Cowell and at Cowell and Red Lake progressed.
 Group capital guidance remains unchanged at $150 million to $175 million for sustaining
 and 440 to 505 million for major projects.
 We'll see an immediate benefit of the acquisition of 100% of Ernest Henry, where our AISC will
 will reduce materially in the second half of the year.
 More importantly, though, our cash flow will be increasing, based on our guidance and depending
 on the copper price achieved in the second half, we expect to realise an additional 80
 $130 million of netmine cashflow at Ernest Henry.
 This will be taken into consideration when determining our interim dividend.
 as previously announced during the quarter,
 successfully priced the US $200 million US private placement for nine years at very
 attractive pricing to partially fund the Ernest Henry acquisition this will be drawn down
 next month.
 We ended December with 1.15 billion of cash and net debt of 450 million and on order to gearing is around
 12.6% prior to the payment for Ernest Henry in early January.
 We are on track to be below the 29% projected at time of announcing the acquisition, and
 And we expect to quickly be back within our targeted gearing levels and maintain the very
 strong balance sheet. I look forward to updating you next month on the FY22
 financial results. Thank you for your time this morning and Darcy please open the
 line for questions.
 Thank you.
 If you wish to ask a question, please press DA1 on your telephone and wait for your name to be announced.
 If you wish to cancel your request, please press star two.
 If you're on a speakerphone, please pick up the handset to ask your questions.
 Your first question comes from David Radcliffe from Global Mining Research.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi. Good morning, Jack and team.
 My question is on red light, the commentary around mining rates does seem more optimistic
 today, which is great, especially with respect to, I guess, the minor deficiencies in dilution
 and opening up more mining crates up front.
 So just try to think how we should think about, you know, the high development rates converting
 it to higher mine tons over sort of this year and if you could maybe provide some sort of
 quantum how that comes through over the next couple of quarters and then on grade how we
 we should sort of think about those numbers over the year.
 Obviously, there's going to be the sweetener from Campbell,
 But, you know, when do we, from the operations today?
 How do we move closer to that preserve grade of six,
 given the current use we're seeing up for.
 Thanks, David.
 those are good questions. I mean, I think we, you know, we are going through a
 transformation at you know we've called it a three to five year transformation at
 Red Lake. The last six months have taught us a lot about the operation. We've focused
 on the development and we've specifically taken the decision to, I suppose, sacrifice
 production of the development and getting ready and setting the trunk the
 transformation up and we now feel that we've kind of bottomed and we're at a
 point where you're really going to see improvements in that.
 So the development rights are up.
 The improvements in mining are getting better,
 Bob highlighted and he can talk further to it, you know, dilution has been reduced.
 We're comfortable that the models are performing we need to open up some of these higher grade
 areas which are going to be happening over the next few months.
 So, it's a journey, we're on the right path and you are going to see material improvements
 to production and lowering of costs in the next quarter and following quarters. Bob, do
 Do you want to add to that?
 Yeah, thanks, Jack.
 David F. Jake said the expectation is that as we get the development in to the new areas
 and it takes a long time to go out and open up new areas,
 then the mining front will open up,
 which will help stabilize and increase the tonnages.
 We've started to see an increase in tonnages last quarter
 through the quarter although it's not as high as we need it yet but it's still
 like it's growing. And areas like aviation and the like, they do take a bit of time to
 to set up. So I would expect that over the next couple of quarters, we'll start to see
 those tonnages come in.
 As Jake said also on the grade, you know, we are getting a lot better with the
 the reference allegations of dilution and the like, as I mentioned, or the numbers.
 I expect that over the coming quarters we will see.
 and that continue to improve.
 Glenn, did you want to comment on the model specifically?
 Thank you.
 Have a good one.
 Bye.
 Sure Bob. I think one of the things that we're starting to see, David, is that, particularly
 with our reconciliation, so our DOM, the grey control and our DOM2 or reserve. We're starting
 to see an upward tech, particularly on the grade front, as we improve particularly some
 of the mining related factors is bulbous justice,
 scrub, dilution, recovery, and we've improved our grade control system.
 So we are starting to see that up with taking the ride.
 and particularly on a three-month moving average, it's starting to trend into the direction
 and where we need it to be.
 So we had confidence that the models are performing to plan,
 and we're just aligning that with the wire we're mining.
 And, you know, we're confident that we'll start to see that where it needs to be over the next coming quarters.
 I just conclude that David with a comment around the fact that we've owned this asset
 for 21 months. It's only been in the last five months that we've been able to visit
 the operation. But when we bought the asset in April 2019, we said our three-year goal
 was to get to a run rate of 200,000 ounces of gold and then a longer term five-year horizon
 of 350,000 oz a year and we are committed to delivering that on both the 36 months and
 and 60 month targets.
 Thanks very much, guys. I'll pass it on.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Al Harvey from JP Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning, Jake and team.
 Just a couple from me, just with Ernest Henry and the study.
 So we've got to be out.
 18 months for the PFS.
 I was just wondering if this was going to take on much of the work that Glencore did
 or if it'll be kind of a complete recap incorporating that.
 that's further depth extensions.
 And I think Glenn, you mentioned it was going down to 480 meters and still open beyond.
 So where potentially could you, would you kind of draw the line on those depth extensions
 and where this study will kind of finish up?
 Yes, Sal, just to clarify, the study will be delivered in the second half of this calendar
 the year.
 half of FY23, so we're kind of, say, nine months away from delivery of that.
 will build on the concept study, which was completed by Glencore. I suppose one of the
 things which we've found intriguing as we've looked at the concept study is that it was
 Determined really on the basis of minimizing the capital expenditure, which meant that the
 the depth extent of the concept study went down to as far as the decline could go and
 you could crack material up.
 that wasn't constrained or determined by geology,
 it was more determined by how far can we develop,
 How deep can we develop, which is kind of 45 year
 of mine life extension with a decline development
 and not needing to spend significant capital.
 so that priority was really minimizing capital expenditure
 and extending mine life, which constrained it to that 45 years.
 So our pre-feeds will look at that as well.
 but we'll also look at some longer-dieted options
 as to whether there is potential to extend it even further beyond that, which certainly
 from my site visit, there was a lot of optimism from the site team that that was possible.
 possible.
 Thanks, Jake.
 Maybe just quickly on red lake, you got the approval for the highest throughput trial.
 How long will that trial last and then what are the permanent steps that will follow that
 there. Bob, do you want to take that question?
 Yep, thanks, Al.
 The trial is actually, we're permitted for a six to eight week period of basically unlimited
 throughput through the Campbell mill.
 And the reason we wanted to try was to determine how far we could actually push the mill.
 So really it's a short period of time that will allow us to then be able to go and actually
 seek the approvals for a permanent lift.
 At the moment, you need an engineering study, and we actually believe that we can actually
 to get all the data we need out of this trial
 to be able to go and actually seek the permitting.
 Thanks Bob, and if I could just sneak one more in just with cow. There was a small contribution from the underground this quarter
 I thought we were kind of going to expect that a little bit later.
 So is this material a one or four?
 can we kind of expect underground to start contributing more
 and seeing that ramp up over the next few quarters.
 We're on track for the time frame that we've actually spoken about earlier, Al.
 Well, there will be minor contributions coming through as we develop through different zones,
 but it might be significant in the immediate future.
 But we're on track to deliver first door, as we said.
 I'm just trying to remember exactly the time frame.
 Okay, I don't remember, sorry. I'll have to check it.
 Thank you.
 Bye.
 No, I don't think there was any contribution or material contribution from the underground.
 that remains on track and on schedule.
 Yeah, no worries, thanks.
 Thanks, Jake and Bob. Cheers.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Daniel Morgan from Baron Joey.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, Jack and Tam. Just on Red Lake, can you just run through on why FY22 Gardens is still
 achievable, I'll be at the low end of the ranch, and it does imply the next two quarters
 have got a very strong production run rate of over 50,000 ounces, I guess we're at the
 end of January, so you should have visibility on that data, but it just seems a big lift.
 What is underpinning that?
 Do you have, you know, high-grade stoops available?
 Is it, you know, running this trial of the plant?
 Does that give you more production?
 and how is guidance achievable.
 Yeah, Dan, thanks. I mean we've specifically said that group guidance is achievable
 We're not going to make the asset guidance at Redlake, but we're not feeling that we
 We want to be granular enough to say, you know, how much we can produce, because all
 All these steps are in place and are showing improvements, but on a group basis and I think
 that sort of investor should look at, you know, we are confirming that we will make
 out guns range.
 Right, I might have misinterpreted the comment that it was a group comment.
 this.
 Just on Red Lake, maybe taking a step back, could you maybe break out what are the critical
 elements that need to be in place for the turnaround to occur, because obviously a lot
 of these
 are not in place at current, whether that's equipment, whether that's the, you know, the
 access to the upper cambel or the mill throughput.
 He is unpicked.
 when these pieces to the turnaround will be in place or expected to be in place and when we can expect that.
 Sure, Bob you've just recovered from jet lag from your latest trip there, so over the year
 Thanks, Jake, and thanks Dan.
 As we talked about earlier, the big one to start with was getting the development to
 to open up new areas.
 But post that, we've actually been working on this type
 turn around and circle.
 And then the time to initial, from initial development through to a filling of a stop,
 So we're going to keep the sequence going for the next, for the next step, which comes
 along the right beside the previous field slopes.
 So we've been working on long held drill rates,
 We've been working on pace-fill placement.
 we've been working on re-entry times as well as stoping in turnover of the actual
 stoves.
 So all those together is what is enabling the lift last quarter of our autons by, I think
 is about 15% from the previous quarter.
 So that comes around because we can actually
 get into the stage quicker and more regularly.
 If we actually look at the additional mining front, what it enables us to do is actually
 spread the mining fleet out.
 So that interruption and disruption
 from interacting activities is limited even further.
 So that allows us to actually turn the actual cycles quicker because we actually don't have
 are the same disruption factors.
 A big one for coming quarters is Kaushina and last quarter, the High Spree Tram or the
 locomotive that takes the ore from Kaushenor across to Reachardth, that
 improve significantly from the previous quarter and that is one of the main
 things that allow us because cautionary has got a good turn over a cycle of its
 It's dark already.
 Did I sort of try to insert?
 So when is access coming to the upper Campbell, for instance?
 So, whip.
 Sorry, Dad.
 Go ahead.
 I was just going to say the upper Campbell.
 So the CYD is actually accessing the upper Campbell and we're already down into that area with the CYD.
 First dope or was always said to be around about 12 months after so and that still is on track
 We will get minor amounts of development or early.
 The same as at KEL, I mean as you go through areas you'll intercept some sort of minor
 all zones, but anything from a start will still be within that 12 months from first
 starting.
 Thank you. Do you want to add anything to that?
 No, other than that you were walking around it last week and you
 you felt positive about the outlook over there.
 I mean, that's me.
 I suppose the thing that I would add to all this commentary on Red Lake is that each time
 some
 someone's been there and particularly Bob has made several trips, you know, there are
 no
 red flags with respect to our delivery of this. It's getting our operational
 efficiency better down, and I still believe this is, as I said in my commentary, this
 is an amazing commercial opportunity
 where we've acquired assets that need transformation.
 going to take some time. We've had a few hiccups in the last six months, but there are no red flags
 with respect to delivery and transforming this operation?
 I guess, Jake, on that comment about the odd tonnages or the potential, or within that
 Campbell Zones. Daniel, I walked 9, 11, 14, and a few other levels this time and it's
 It's right for the typing.
 It's just the access we've got to get there, so that's what we're talking about.
 Thank you.
 The last question is probably to be a bit simpler, just Mungari.
 Just the...
 numbers on page 4. Can I just get a confirmation on whether these are equity numbers or do
 they have JV production in them.
 I just want to make sure I'm treating like with like here.
 sorry yeah Dan so the the physicals up up the top will be a hundred percent of what's processed
 when we're talking about gold production, silver production, that is our equitable share.
 So we're wanting to show what the actual mining and processing has been able to do.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from Levi Spry from UBS.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, good day.
 Happy New Year.
 Thanks for the call.
 Can I just follow up on Dave and Dan's questions there around Red Lake?
 Bob, can we get the tonnes and grades for the second half and do I assume that the three
 year 200,000 ounces means that we're going for a 50,000 ounce per quarter run
 rate in sort of 12 months or whatever it looks like to be in a month.
 I think before Bob answers that, I'll have a good Happy New Year, Levi.
 Yes, is the answer to your last question, you know, to get to 200,000 ounces, we need
 to get to consistently doing a run rate of 50,000 oz per quarter. We'd prefer not to
 kind of break down into tons and great for the next six months because we just feel we
 We want to build confidence ourselves on a group guidance basis.
 We are comfortable.
 make the guidance range, but we'd prefer just to give us another couple of months to just
 get comfortable that these changes that we're seeing are going to be repeatable and consistently
 really deliverable.
 Yep. Okay. Thank you. Thanks, Jake.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Alex Barkley from RBC. Please go ahead.
 Hi, Jake and Tim. First, a quick one at Cal. It seems like sustaining capex is maybe running
 a bit low on an annualised basis, is there a reason for that or should we be expecting
 at least in the second half.
 Yeah, Alex, it is just basically timing more than anything.
 We expect that their second half will lift.
 I mean, the primary focus in the first half
 was getting the underground and the IWL projects continuing.
 And in the second half, you'll see some sustaining capital
 come through.
 No problem. And a quick one at Red Lake, just to follow up on what's been asked.
 So, for the second quarter, can we confirm that there was no grade reconciliation issues?
 Yes, there was dilution but that was improving and in the month of December we felt very
 comfortable that it would address some of the issues that we're getting in terms of both
 dilution, and we feel confident that the models are performing to plan.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 sort of talking about the model that you've entered me there.
 Thanks very much guys.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Matthew Friedman from Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead.
 Sure. Thanks. Morning, Jake and team. I don't want to labor the point on red like and you did kind of just touch on it
 there, Jake, that I'm just wondering, you know, you've highlighted on the call and in
 report a number of ways that, you know, tons are improving and volumes are improving, you
 We can see mining, race listing, development, race listing, but obviously grade keeps falling.
 You've been underperforming the reserve grade for a year now, so I guess, you know, does that mean we'll see an older performance at some point?
 point, is there a need to rethink some of the dilution assumptions and other factors
 that underpin that reserve grade, you're comfortable with the way the model is performing
 at the moment.
 I guess there's another year of data on this asset, you know, now I guess lead to any sort
 of expectations or anything that we should think about at the next mineral resource or
 reserve update, you know, anything to think about in terms of that.
 Yes, thanks Matt. I mean a good, good question again and Bob and his team have been doing
 a lot of work on understanding that. And again, we came to the, we are of the view empirically
 that the models are performing to plan, but Bob, maybe you can give some color as to some
 some of the issues and then hand over the claim to just give some guidance on the MRR.
 Yeah, no problems.
 The number that I quoted when I was speaking, that was the December number.
 So the number in the report is an average for the quarter of 3.95 and in December it did
 lift to 4.9, which is starting to show out some of the dilution issues that I spoke about
 being under control. It's also showing some improvement in drilling accuracy and the like
 within the scope. So it's actually starting to improve significantly and that's why what
 Jay-
 we're pretty confident on the models.
 we're working on all those things are we where we need to be I still think we've
 got improvements to be had, so I still think that there's further uplifts to come, but
 So that is actually all moving in the right direction.
 So it's pretty, pretty pleasing.
 Glenn, did you want to come in on the model?
 Yeah, thanks Bob. Yeah Matt, I think just to you know really I guess a bit of a preview
 on our MROR update which will come out with mid next month.
 And as you'll recall when we did the sort of, I guess, the evolution update to bring
 and there's compliance with JAWC, we consolidated the models from over 130 to 19 principal models.
 In the last 12 months, we've had new data and mining from six of those models, so they
 are the ones that we're going to be revising into MROI annual update. We're not seeing
 you know really any material movement in the resource and that's from a tonne
 on then, great perspective.
 and assuming the same cutoff grades as we previously had,
 which is around about three and a half.
 grams per tonne on a mineral resource basis.
 We do, you know, what the new data that we're collecting is really confirming some of the
 geological interpretations. There are some small changes that will be
 swings and roundabouts, you know, in areas where we didn't have, you know, as much data
 support as we would have liked, but that's to be expected.
 So I think, you know, all in all, we're not expecting to see any material change, sort
 year-over-year in terms of the actual geological model and how it informs the resource estimate.
 And I think from sort of looking at this in a great amount of detail Bob and his technical
 team and Glenn and the results, you know, we are confident that, you know, we are addressing
 the mining issues and with good mining practice we should be able to get the grade that it
 in the models.
 Got it. Thanks, Jake, and thanks for the context, Glenn.
 Just secondly on an it Henry and obviously congrats to the team on closing that transaction over Christmas and the new year
 I hope they did manage to get some kind of a holiday but I'm just wondering in terms of you
 You mentioned that the copper production during the quarter
 was a bit lower than...
 Sorry, the lower copper production during the quarter was,
 I guess two plan, and potentially that's attributable to lower grades quarter on quarter.
 The asset is still mining above reserve grade
 the copper in particular.
 just wondering when we should be thinking
 about a roll off back to reserve grades for that asset.
 did we say that in the December quarter.
 And then, you know, I guess similar to the last question,
 you know, anything to think about in terms of incorporating that reserve and resource
 into your next update, you know, now that that's being reported on a 100% basis, I believe
 it's already a joke standard resource but yeah any any movements there to think
 about now that it's fully evolution ownership.
 Yeah, thanks, Matt.
 Glenn, do you want to just comment on the resource?
 Yeah, sure, Jake. So on the on the resource that we, yeah, we will be providing an update
 next month, which will incorporate, you know, information up until about May last year, which
 which will be when GLIC core did their last resource update.
 So it'll be up that reflecting that point in time.
 and it won't incorporate all of the drilling information
 that we've collected, you know, between May and December.
 So that will obviously be rolled into our MROR cycle
 as we go ahead, you know, in this 12-month period,
 to really incorporate all that information
 in addition to the new drilling that is in the plan for this year.
 And Matt, just on the production, it was a combination.
 So in the quarter, we had a shutdown, which was a planned shutdown, and it also a shutdown
 in the mine. So we did end up with some lower grades coming through and as we look at the
 rest of the year, you do see that the average grade being mined is coming back down, certainly
 from where the first quarter was.
 and the second thing that did impact on copper
 in this quarter were some finalisations of the previous quarters concentrate sales.
 So that did have a bit of an impact on the copper piece in particular.
 So what you'll see, if you look at it as a half,
 You're going to see that then flow through into the second half as a pretty well a light for light
 If once you got a thing up once you gross it up to a hundred percent obviously
 Right, got it. Thanks, Laurie, and thanks for the comments Glenn.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from Mitch Ryan from Jeffries.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning, all. Thank you very much for taking up the questions.
 Quick question with regards to Red Lake, but more of a longer term dated question.
 I don't think you provide enough data on Battle North and their acquisition there specifically
 around the milling capacity.
 Part of the rationale for that was to potentially bring that million capacity online.
 Can you give us an update on the permitting processes for that?
 much attention is actually being able to be spent on that, given the focus on just, I
 I guess, consolidating the base level of production
 in the existing ad-like operations?
 Sure, Bob over to you
 Yeah, thanks. The Battle North processing plant, it's there, it's operational if we
 wanted to start it. We are replacing some parts that need replacing. The big issue
 at the Baitman plant is the TSF and we're working through that at the moment.
 And for the next sort of 12-odd-ish month,
 our capacity at Red Lake and Campbell are going to be enough, so that's what we're doing
 the permitting and all the work to bring it in on time, when we actually need it.
 From the rest of Paddle North, we're still doing work in the underground, we're doing
 some drilling that the drillings would talk about. So we've done some great control drilling
 over there. I just do a great knowledge on your body as well.
 Thank you very much.
 Thanks, Rachel.
 Your next question comes from Stuart McKinnon from the West Australian.
 Please, go ahead.
 Oh, good eye, Jack and team.
 I was just intrigued by the mention in the quarterly about up to 15% of your workforce
 being effectively knocked out at Redlake and Cowl at various times because of COVID.
 Obviously, COVID hasn't been sort of a wash in the community as it has in those other places
 Canada and New South Wales, E-N-W-Y.
 Are you expecting that, you know, eventually you're going to have those have to the same
 challenges at your WA operations in terms of COVID and managing the workforce as you
 do it red like and cow and how much or more of an impact is that going to be given that
 you know, you're already sort of short on workers given the, you know, the WI situation
 with the, you know, a labor market shortage just generally in the resources industry.
 Yes, that's that's a good question. Look, we're obviously watching it and monitoring it. It's very closely and
 And, you know, trying to put in the contingency plans and the learnings which we've got from
 managing it and we've managed it effectively at Redlake and Cal, but
 you know, unless there is some someone finds a cure for COVID, which does not seem to be the case,
 because people who are triple-vax still seem to be catching the Omnicron variants in New
 South Wales and Canada and around the world, then you'd have to think that at some point
 time if Western Australia opens up, Omnicron is going to spread through Western Australia.
 So we are going to do our best to put in contingency plans, but if you couple that with a skills
 shortage it does put the whole mining industry in Western Australia at some
 risk.
 Thanks.
 that.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Nick Evans from The Australian.
 Please go ahead.
 All right, I'm sorry about that. Just tell me my phone.
 Good day, Dave. Good day, team.
 Just to follow up to his question, Jake, if you're in terms of New South Wales with
 particular.
 How are you sort of thinking about the spread of pharmacone in New South Wales?
 Because you think that sort of cow or your price is going to seem the worst, or what
 you're expecting this kind of level of absenteeism to continue for some time.
 And just in terms of WI, I thought I'd
 a sort of a note of frustration in your voice when you talked about not being able to have
 ...
 and not being able to visit it.
 I mean, do you think that in terms of dealing with the inevitable spread in WA, that the
 the state government should have written the bullet and done it now, or do you think there
 was, you know, there was some benefit to delaying the reopening in WA.
 Thanks, Nick. I'll answer the second question first.
 Yeah, our preference would have been to have the Western Australian border opened earlier
 Yeah, it just seems like you're in some ways deferring the inevitable by keeping it closed
 As I said earlier, unless there is a cure which is not on the horizon, it is going to
 be present and it is going to have to be dealt with at some point in time, even if it is
 is deferred, it's not going to be eliminated.
 It does feel like other places, like New South Wales and Ontario and the rest of the world
 is learning how to manage this and certainly at our operations while it has been a big
 distraction, we have been able to manage through it, and we are getting more comfortable
 that we can, we can manage it.
 It has
 distracted the management teams a lot.
 But with proper process and proper protocols,
 it can be managed effectively.
 Thanks, I appreciate that.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Jim Pollock from Sabaton Associates.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, good morning everybody, and thanks Jake.
 I think it was you who said in your introduction that the second half of the financial year
 uh... would be materially better
 I was just wondering where we can expect to see material improvements in which operations.
 Yeah Jim, I think thanks
 There are two areas which I'd say you should look out for.
 The one is Redlake, that we've spoken about at length on this call.
 We expect to see a material improvement in production and reduction in costs over there,
 And the second one is the acquisition of Ernest Henry will be fully incorporated into our
 results on a 100% basis from the 1st of January and that will also have a material impact.
 All right, good. I wasn't going to ask. Well, I thought I'd be a little bit different and not ask any questions on this
 Ernest Henry, but thanks for including that answer. Given the rain problems you've had
 in New South Wales and Queensland.
 Just, for example, in at Mount Rawton, what tonnage of material, low grade material do
 So you have stockpile that you can keep the mill running on?
 I think we have very significant low-grade stockpiles.
 That's not the issue.
 The issue is more we want to access the more profitable lower cost ounces in the pit.
 Right, but if you had to depend on, this is a hypothetical question, if you had to depend
 100% on stockpiled material, you have many years ahead of you, I assume, many years
 life left.
 Yes we do.
 Okay. What's the situation at Cowell?
 Uh, large stockpiles there.
 Yes, very large stockpiles there as well.
 that we are treating before we got into the Stage H cutback, which we're now treating
 all-grade material, so very comfortable there as well.
 Yeah, good.
 Okay.
 Finally, look, I've been asked to ask you, what's your best way of contacting you?
 Uh, Dr. Sandra Close did attempt to, uh, well, did, did try to contact you or did
 contact the the office before Christmas we've got no reply what's what's the
 best way of her getting something to you.
 I think if you go through the website, we will respond to it.
 No, right.
 So good luck.
 Good.
 That's fine.
 Thanks very much.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from Anthony Baruch from S&P Global.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi Jake, I'm just wondering, you mentioned earlier on about some of the headwinds we've
 seem to be fronts of mind, just wondering,
 just for the gold sector, you know,
 how much of that funds of mine in the context of what's going on in the bigger picture and
 are you...
 any crystal balling for the gold sector or anything here, but are you overall more optimistic
 than not, you know, for the coming year?
 Yeah, I'm very optimistic. I mean we've repositioned our portfolio to be profitable right through the cycle as we've said
 If you take our portfolio 12 months on from the beginning of 2021 to the end, it's materially
 better. We did the Mangari Transaction, the Kandana Consolidation. We did the
 the anisotenary transaction and we did the
 the Battle North Transactions consolidate red lakes.
 So from our perspective, the strategy remains the same, focus on quality over quantity, return
 on capsule and benefit. The gold price is over $2,500 Australian dollars an ounce. I
 I did reflect on the fact that when I started in the industry, it was $300 an hour.
 So, you know, if we're not happy at $2,500 an ounce,
 we need to find another sector to operate in.
 We're excited and happy about it.
 Yeah, the Fed Reserve meeting this morning told everyone what they knew interest rates were going to go up
 I didn't see anything that people should have been surprised about in that meeting.
 meeting.
 So that's my question about overall optimistic.
 I was more referring to, yeah, that's our macro picture, so you, when you refer to the
 you're obviously saying that's implications for the gold sector, that's obviously looking
 good for the coming year.
 Thank you.
 I think the question which everyone's asking, Jerome Powell, the Federal Reserve Chairman,
 the point this morning that inflation is way higher than their target and they
 need to start it raising interest rates and managing and reducing their balance sheet.
 Yeah, that's the question, is the Fed going to be able to do that and do it in a way that
 that is not disruptive. And if I were someone who needed insurance, I'd be buying gold and
 and gold stocks like evolution.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thanks.
 Thank you.
 There are no further questions at this time.
 I'll now hand back to Mr. Klein for closing remarks.
 Thanks.
 Thanks everyone for participating appreciate it won't be long before you speak to us again
 with the release of interim results in the middle of February. So look forward to updating you then
 and look forward to being able to hopefully with travel restrictions reducing to be able
 to take you to Anastasia, take you to Red Lake and also visit Cal where there are lots of
 change is happening because seeing is really believing. So thanks.
 Thank you. That does conclude our conference for today.
 Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.