 Thank you, Kevin, and good morning.
 Amotex had a solid force quarter.
 We deliver results that were in line with our expectations for strong operating performance.
 following a challenging start to 2016 that included difficult market conditions.
 We were able to deliver solid results in the second half of the year that were consistent with our guidance and expectations.
 As expected, market conditions stabilized in the fourth quarter, and we should order
 for trans-respective stabilization.
 They are encouraged with these strengths.
 I am also encouraged by our continued acquisition activity.
 as we announced the acquisition to Rollinsville this minute.
 We are very excited to be acquiring Rollinboard, giving a strong each position within the health
 and the outstanding leadership team that is joining Amateur.
 I will provide more background on this acquisition in a moment.
 But first, let me provide the financial highlights for the court.
 Please note that any references on this card for 2016 or 2015 financial results will be
 on an adjusted basis.
 I will discuss the Force Order 2016 Charges in a moment.
 Those who are in line with our expectations in the fourth quarter get 973 million,
 down 1.5% versus the fourth quarter of 2015.
 Organic sales were down for acquisitions at a 3% and foreign currency was a 1% handling in the court.
 Overall orders, of course, were at 1%.
 and organic orders will be down to 1%.
 continuing an improving trend in organic orders in 2016.
 An operating income in the quarter was $212.7 million.
 and operating from margin was 21.9 percent.
 Diluted earnings per share will 58 cents, down 8% over the last year's fourth quarter.
 Operating capture was excellent.
 that 200 police have a million in the court,
 up to 24% over the prior year.
 This was a record level of operating cash flow that speaks to the strong operating performance across the company.
 For the full year of 2016, sales were $3.8 billion, down 3% versus 2015.
 Operating income was $841.4 million, and four-year operating margins were 21.9 percent.
 Delegate earnings per share for $2.30 and with 10% versus 2015.
 now turning to the individual operating groups.
 First, the electronic instruments group.
 For the quarter, EIG reported sales of $616 million,
 found 2% versus last year's fourth quarter and in line with our expectations.
 Organic scales were down six percent.
 acquisitions contribute to 5% and foreign currency was a 1% hit.
 The solid acquisition growth was driven by the contributions of Brookfield, ESP subjects, new instruments, and HS4s.
 We are seeing solid results from these acquisitions as the teams have done a great job integrating these businesses into Amateur.
 The organic samples that find the EIG was driven in large part by the witness across
 our oil and gas.
 Although our oil and gas for gas sales were down in the quarter, the year-over-year decline
 and as moderate as conditions paybacks.
 We continue.
 We expect conditions to remain largely stable across our oil gas businesses in 2017.
 The IG's operating income in the fourth quarter was $162.6 million and operating margins were
 They're very strong, 26.4%.
 They're like a mechanical group.
 reported overall sales of $356.9 million, down 1%
 versus the fourth quarter of 2015,
 with organic sales roughly five versus a prior year.
 Applications contribute to 1% and foreign currency with a 2% equivalent for the court.
 We are seeing improved organic growth trends and good work input for these businesses.
 EMG operating income in the fourth quarter was $63 million, with operating margins of 17.7 percent.
 in order to better align and re-position our cost structure to support sustained sales
 We have taken realignment actions in the fourth quarter.
 These realignment actions still are approximately 25.6 million.
 We expect a strong payback on these actions, with an annual life savings of $37 million
 with an approximate $16 million benefit in 2017.
 We also took a $13.9 million non-cash charge in the Force Quarter related to the impairment
 of indefinite lives and tangibles.
 This was not a write-off of Goodwill, but was driven by the weak global macro environment
 and it's impact on the value of certain product lines,
 trade market trade names. Combined, the total charts taken in the fourth quarter was $39.5
 million for 11 cents for their literature.
 Thank you.
 Now let me touch on some of the highlights of my growth strategies.
 Our four growth strategies are strategic acquisitions, new product development, global market expansion,
 operational instruments have been and will be the key drivers for our success.
 to our wealthy brains and our business and culture.
 We've used these growth strategies that's pretty cool to a long-term success of amplitude.
 first let me touch on that position.
 We are very excited with the acquisition of Rolland-Board.
 It's a great start to 2017 as we acquired an outstanding company with a strong leadership
 position in an attractive niche market.
 I would like to welcome the Rolland-Bork team for the Amethyst team.
 Rowland is a leading global provider of mission-critical clinical communications and workflow solutions
 for hospitals, health care systems,
 and post-acute care for souls.
 In addition to their presence in the health care space,
 and provide communication solutions to educational facilities.
 they are a global leader with a premier brand name and a strong presence in the markets.
 We expect to continue strong growth for all in this state.
 health care space continues to shift the value-based care from patient outcome improvement initiatives,
 those for which are key elements of roll and board value proposition to their customers.
 We see attractive incremental growth opportunities by increasing its market share in the international market.
 expanding through additional acquisition opportunities
 and through leveraging our operational excellence capabilities.
 Rowan was privately helped with a Distinguished 88-Year History.
 They're headquartered in Mount Prospect, Illinois.
 Rollin has approximately 160 million sales.
 The purchase price is $340 million, plus the potential continued payment of $30 million
 tied to achievement at 30 miles per hour.
 This acquisition is an excellent example of our strategy to expand our footprint into attractive adjacent market states.
 Rowan provides us the opportunity to expand our medical technology exposure into a strong growth statement while expanding our broader exposure to the medical market.
 for the acquisition of the overall medical market exposure
 for an effect is roughly 13% of sales.
 Over the last one month, we have deployed approximately $730 million in capital on
 on six acquisitions that require approximately $300 million in sales.
 We remain bullish on our acquisition pipeline
 and are excited to continue adding serial values
 for approval and acquisition capabilities.
 Now it's time to do product development.
 We remain focused on best in research, development, and engineering in order to support the strong
 and technology differentiation across our business.
 Additionally, we looked at our D&E efforts as a key element in our organic growth initiative.
 We spent roughly $200 million on our D&E for 5% of sales.
 In 2017, we expect to increase our investments in R&D need to approximately $215 million.
 I'd like to highlight two of a recent new product introduction.
 First, Amazad Roadfront recently introduced their semi-cooled precision cans in custom
 cooling systems for the higher reliability of the cooling of semiconductor processes.
 The N-Semical system offers precise temperature control in a compact package.
 It was originally designed for critical military and aerospace applications
 and has been expanded to serve critical semiconductor manufacturing processes.
 The system consists of compact, high reliability fans and optimized CD-Standers.
 is designed to meet the need of feed intensive processes in the semiconductor production
 And this is a part here from the tall industrial growers, commonly used in semiconductor facilities.
 a semi-pull system that is compliant with semi-conductor industry traceability and configuration control requirements.
 Chemitech Profamble Power, a leader in profamble,
 and these new power test solutions.
 Introduce the new DC power supply for source and family of DC power supplies.
 The new source in HPX 30 softwares daily art features in technology in a smaller footprint
 the comparable DC power supply.
 It delivers unsurpassed performance along a fast, precise preparing ability.
 AMATEC programmable power are used with the designed verification, testing, quality assurance,
 regulatory compliance of electrical and electronic products by customers of the computer, consumed
 by electronics, industrial controls, and aerospace and defense industries.
 Here are just two recent examples of the success of our research and development efforts.
 one way in which we measure the success of the learning and the effort that's where
 or by Chaldean next time.
 Our vitality index reflects the revenue from products introduced over the last three years.
 In 2016, a rate salary index was 24 percent.
 up slightly compared to 2015.
 Operational excellence continues to be an important driver
 of our success given its focus on cost and asset management,
 as well as to focus on process improvements impacting all areas of our business.
 Our teams are making outstanding strides utilizing our expanded operational weapons toolkits
 to drive continual operating improvements in their businesses.
 In 2016, we generated 130 million in a total operational excellent space.
 Our operational activities include re-manufacturing,
 Global sourcing, strategic procurement, value analysis, and value engineering.
 designed for six-figment and certain cost-effect of manufacturing initiatives.
 Additionally, our activities include various tools that are focused on the front end of
 of our business to support improved organic growth.
 We are continuing to expand our efforts in this area across all of our businesses, which
 who will be able to yield and prove on term of organic rate.
 turning to our outlook for 2017. Market conditions are improved from this time
 master. The most challenging markets in
 from 2016 has plagued us.
 We are re-aligning our cross-pressure.
 while continuing to invest appropriately
 and important role here.
 Our operational capabilities and cash flow generation remain unquestioned and we continue
 to identify and close attractive acquisition opportunities.
 although we will be appropriately cautious
 as we start to hear.
 excited to return to sales and earnings growth in 2017.
 As a result, we are anticipating all sales to be up to mid-single digits on a percentage basis from 2016.
 Organic sales are expected to be up to level single digits from 2016.
 Earnings for 2017 are expected to be in the range of $2.34 to $2.46 per debt-related share
 up two to seven percent over 2016.
 for the first quarter of 2017.
 We are expecting overall sales to be roughly flat, with organic sales, pounds, loads, and
 We are expecting first quarter diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $0.55 to $0.57 flat to $12% from 2016's first quarter.
 In summary, we delivered solid results in the fourth quarter and our business has stabilized.
 We continue to aggressively measure our goodness for success in the short term.
 on ensuring we are investing appropriately for the long term.
 Our strong balance sheet in significant cash flow generation provides us with plenty of
 to operate the business and pursue our acquisition strategy.
 We have a talented and experienced management team, and we see tremendous opportunities
 to drive improved performance through the expansion
 of our operational systems tools.
 I'm excited for the future of Amitec and believe we are well positioned to drive strong growth.
 We asked a lot of our teams in 2016, and as usual, they stepped up and delivered.
 I want to recognize the efforts of all our employees and thank them for their hard work.
 I'll now turn it over to Bill Burke, who will cover some of the financial details for the
 board.
 in the year.
 and then we'll be glad to take questions.
 Yeah, the stabilization comment was really related to 2016.
 and we had real weakness in our oil and gas, in our metals business, and as we spoke the
 the last couple of quarters, we saw them stabilizing and
 And this is what we have predicted.
 So we're feeling, you know, this time last year we were feeling a lot of uncertainty about those two markets.
 but we're feeling significantly different this year for freeing more positive because
 We think our footing is on the solid ground and those businesses sequentially are stabilized.
 We also feel good about the continuing organic orders growth in the business.
 for me now.
 When you look at the organic orders, they slowly improve at each quarter for about 2016
 The first quarter, fourth quarter of 2016, our organic orders were minus one, and our total orders were plus one percent.
 We're showing you really good about that also.
 So those are a couple of factors, looking at orders and looking at our markets to make
 us feel much more positive going into 2017 than we were going into 2016.
 All right.
 We think we have a solid return from the deal,
 We're very excited to acquire one, as I mentioned.
 The market has strong growth characteristics.
 It's a mid to high single digit grower.
 It's a regulatory driven market, but it's also benefitting from some demographics and
 an amazing population, and a professional story as a nurse, so they have some great
 demographics driving their business, there's a high barrier
 entry. There's high switching costs. Key driver is value based healthcare. You know, Rawland
 Some products cut their customers reduced cost and improved nurse productivity and efficiency.
 the core product offer they have.
 So you're a leading provider of mission critical communication systems.
 The product mix is about 80% hardware, 20% software.
 Our primary product and health service called the Responder Series, it has extremely high
 in the United States in a good product cycle.
 It's really a good product cycle in terms of the new business and also the retrofit
 business they can win. They're a leader in the niche. Their competition is, you know,
 companies like Ascom, but that's mainly international.
 They're a strong leader in the U.S. market.
 We think when you think about the company, we think we can help them grow internationally.
 internationally. They have about 10% of their sales outside the U.S. And there's also some
 and acquisitions that they wanted to acquire.
 And, you know, being privately owned by a family, they really didn't want to have that risk tolerance.
 So we think it's a great opportunity for Amatec to fund the business, to grow internationally
 and also look at additional applications.
 You know, we did a lot of market work on the business and, you know, it came, the market
 The study that came back to this business
 some of the highest scores that we ever saw on customer satisfaction so that people do
 It's a great job to run a business and we think that we can add a lot of value to it.
 It's a great deal for our shareholders.
 of the corporate structure of EMICAC today?
 Yeah, sure.
 It's less proper possible than amethyst, obviously.
 I'll be there.
 A mid-teens either kind of number would be a good number to look at.
 in general.
 Yeah, I really don't. There's a...
 We expect 2017 sales will be flat-ish, but we think the out-stream business will be
 up a little bit and the mid-downstream businesses will be down slightly to flat and so we expect
 a little bit of sales improvement throughout the year.
 Thank you.
 similar to when we went into the oil and gas downturn, the upstream goes down first,
 Now, first, when we're coming out of it,
 The upstream is starting to pick up.
 will expect these at mid downstream markets to improve later in the year and maybe even
 next year.
 to, you know, be flat the balance slightly for mid and downstream and up for the upstream.
 January came in line with what we thought, and organic growth for Q1 is down low single digits.
 We're feeling better, but really calling a transition from, you know, negative organic growth to positive organic growth.
 so we don't want to get ahead of ourselves and we think
 to try to improve for the year, but Q1 is down.
 Yeah, that was, EEIG had a great quarter and EMG was down a bit and the EMG margins were
 by mixed and in our emit business.
 Now, that business has a little higher fixed cost than the average Amatec, so any orders
 Thank you very much.
 Margaret you're going to drop a bit.
 That's the positive thing, is we saw positive orders for a patch.
 the EMG orders turn positive in Q4.
 And when you look at it sequentially from Q4 to Q3,
 we had a 50% contribution on the incremental volume.
 So with a great quarter, EIGs do a little better and EMUs do a little worse.
 Great question, Dean.
 about 10% to 20% of the business is aftermarket, and the aftermarket is evolving because software
 where they're coming in.
 more important product offering for the business, and software updates, software upgrades will
 to increase that in the future.
 The repeal of the ACA, we get a lot of work on that and it's really in the middle and
 in long-term does not impact the value proposition of one.
 strong demand drivers and minimal risk in the near term.
 The fundamental issue is that they help nurses work more efficiently.
 They're in a sweet spot of driving, value-based health care, and we got very comfortable with it.
 However, we had the same concern.
 And we were concerned that the potential market uncertainty
 could cause some spending to wait in the near term.
 You know, there's a market pause with all the changes, so we expect it to be minimal,
 but to be prudent and structured to deal as an earn-out,
 tied to revenue levels within the first two years.
 So, we feel we have acquired an excellent business and we have protected,
 We've had a degree of protection to our shareholders,
 and we still confident that we'll earn our return on capital
 in both outcomes, either outcome.
 But we think we're going to pay the error out.
 that business is going to perform.
 Is that burnout?
 It's a couple of years and it's died already.
 Yeah, the health care part is 90% and the education part is 10%.
 The education market is growing quite nicely.
 They have a new product called the Telecenter U.
 And it's really involved in mission critical communication.
 So it, along with connecting classrooms and facilities across school districts,
 that else manage emergency communications
 for school districts so it's a senior good demand in the current environment.
 You know when we were in Q3, we had a bit of a ramp project for Q4 and we talked about
 We see some kind of urine spending a little bit less than typical as we expect it to occur
 and it occurred just like it was.
 There's a little bit of year in money returning to more typical patterns, but not like it
 as a few years ago.
 our business that much. I mean, our acquisition pipeline is strongly mentioned with the Rawland deal.
 We have some additional market work to do there.
 So for most of our businesses, you know, it seems that our pipeline work is going strong
 and there are ample people trying to sell a business and ample buyers.
 So the market is still running at, you know, elevated pricing.
 there's still more money chasing deals,
 And we haven't seen any change in that.
 About one third is domestic and two thirds is international.
 It's distributed throughout the globe, but the Middle East is a strong area for us.
 Go around and do that.
 We'll do that.
 Do you want to go around the stuff segment?
 Yeah, that's right.
 The overall sales for our aerospace business were down mid-single digits in the quarter.
 The fourth quarter results were similar to the full year of solid organic growth across
 commercial business was more than offset by continued weak markets in business
 Thank you.
 Thanks.
 I appreciate it.
 Looking ahead to 2017, we expect our aerospace business to be up organically below to mid-single digits,
 but it's gross across each of our gross pay statements.
 A process statement.
 Organic sales were down mid-single digits in the quarter,
 driven largely by our oil and gas businesses.
 We talked about that as expected,
 continuous conditions stabilized in a quarter,
 Our ultra precision technology business
 at another very solid quarter to cap an excellent year
 with notably strong growth in both our preformed and TMC
 pressing type of the system.
 We are encouraged with the stabilization we're seeing in the process segment and expect this will continue into 2017.
 And for all of 2017, we expect organic sales for our process businesses to be a low-single
 for organic growth for oil and gas businesses roughly flat.
 and our power and industrial statement.
 Overall sales were up 10%, driven by the contribution of the Brookfield Engineering Acquisition.
 Organic scales were down mid-single digits in the quarter and in mind with expectations.
 The weakness was largely result of stop-ness in the heavy truck market, switching the
 2017 we expect organic sales for power and industrial to be roughly flat with
 of modest growth and power offset by weakness in our industry.
 are differentiated EMG physicists.
 They were down low single digits in the quarter.
 of weakness driven by our engineer materials
 or connect from packaging business as expected to continue
 continuous conditions of stabilized cross or even businesses.
 And for 2017, we expect organic growth for all of differentiated EMTs to be up low single digits,
 versus 2016, because our email doesn't expect to be flat.
 And finally, our core care and specialty motors business.
 We'll gain sales in our full term, especially in motor business, for up 10% of the quarter.
 and we expect sales for this business to be down
 both single-digits working at it.
 So to summarize, for the full year, we expect overall ammitextails to be at mid-single digits
 and for organic cells to be at low single digits.
 For EIG, we expect overall sales to be up in the single digits
 and organic cells to be outflow single digits.
 And for EMG, we expect overall sales to be up low to single digits,
 and organic cells to be low single digits.
 Right.
 So if you go back to the peak on oil and gas, there was about 400 million in revenue and
 entering 2017, it'll be about $240 million revenue.
 So we lost $160 million revenue.
 So it was down about 40% from the peak.
 The upstream goes down about 70% and the mid-downstream goes down about 23%, 24%.
 And if you look at the unit business in metals, that's a key.
 That business was about $500 million, and we lost about 25% or $125 million.
 So that's about 375 million.
 No, only at the 2017.
 As I said, we're expecting low to mid-single digits for our aerospace statement in 2017.
 When you think about the commercial market, we expect that to continue strong.
 I think Boeing and Airbus are projected to increase bill rates this year in the load
 at mid-single-digit range, and we have new additional content that we want on aircraft,
 So we expect to be up in these single digits
 to ramp a new aircraft in the commercial area.
 in regard to the third party MRO business.
 Please check the app in the same location.
 just grow solid growth as revenue passenger miles expand and we're well positioned to
 in this area to grow our services.
 the military market, which is about 35% of our total aerospace exposure.
 we expect us to be up low single digits in 2017.
 In 2016, there was a, you know, we had some, we were down mid-single digits, and we expect
 expect that to be positive for us going up low single digits in 2017.
 And in terms of the VISTA market, that's a smaller part of our aerospace business.
 as we expect, the modest sales growth after they reduced the sales level and the market
 We're expecting to be five, but we do have some new program wins trying to grow.
 I recognize your EPS guide.
 Yeah, sure, I'll try to do that.
 I mean, first of all, off-ex, we have about 100 million of off-ex working in the numbers.
 As I said before, you got some acquisition growth, about three or four cents, so acquisition
 R&D, R&E is up about 7%, 215 million.
 We do have some incremental headwinds.
 You know, FX will be about a point of sales and a couple of three pennies ahead of them.
 tax and interest to be about a nickel-head one.
 The other thing is we have some intent of comp recess.
 We were down to a standstill for targets.
 So, yeah, I'll have to stay up until next year.
 We think about pricing, we're about 1% in 2016,
 If you think it will be a slightly better pricing environment, it's a 1.5% range, but inflation
 will also be slightly higher, so we have price less inflation, only slightly positive
 of 2016.
 Our CAPEX is budgeted to be 75 million.
 And that will be 115% of main income.
 Our core operating margins for 2017 are expected to be up 20 to 60 basis.
 marketing and then you talked about earlier.
 Okay, the growth investment should be about 65 million on incremental sales, marketing, and engineering.
 It was 130 million in 2016, and out of the blocks we're saying it'll be 100 million in 2017.
 Okay, so down, okay, I guess you're done there.
 Okay.
 The unit business is about at the amethyst average profitability and in terms of metals
 prices, I think it's a little bit of a mix for the key commodity transfer of business
 for our business.
 metal, that's plus 30 percent. But titanium, sponge, molly, and nickel are flat to down
 and titanium scraps down about 15%.
 So it's a mixed environment for the metals that matter most to human.
 And isn't that business pretty heavily?
 Yeah, we're being conserved of calling that business.
 We talked extensively in some of our past meetings about for multiple levels removed
 from the end customer, and inventory levels are difficult to estimate, and we're seeing
 better buying patterns from customers, but there's still some inconsistent.
 We may be a bit conservative, but we'd rather be that than progressive ones.
 Your next question comes from the line of Defender Borough with Jeffries.
 Can you hear me?
 Yes, Professor, we can hear you, got it?
 Yeah, it's a, you know, the history of the business is, it's predominantly hardware,
 but software is becoming an increasingly important part of the future software offering.
 And as you try to extend the nurse call platform to multiple hospitals, you've got to enterprise
 wide platform, and that's more software-intensive, and that's a part of the business that's very attractive and growing.
 And, you know, sales on this acquisition.
 Thank you.
 As I mentioned earlier, because it's a family-owned business,
 The end of this video.
 Thank you for watching.
 exceptionally well, but they saw risk in acquisitions and international
 only about 10% of the business is international and we think the market is about half international.
 So we think we can help them with that and we think there's considerable one way to improve the business.
 Yeah, we had 52% of our sales were international in the quarter, and from my view the two highlights
 in the quarter was the U.S. market was much smaller, much stronger than prior quarters.
 And we were down about 10% for several quarters in the room
 I don't think you got to spend it.
 down only 2% organically.
 And that was strengthen our process businesses really across the board.
 from the U.S. was improving, and Asia was about flat organically, and China was about
 So the fact that China was all 5% and the U.S. was improving, we're encouraged by that.
 Europe was, you know, town, you know, low, mid, middle,
 just in line with recent trends.
 When you look at the BRIC countries in total, they were plus one, organically, and sales
 in Q4. Again, with China dominating that, India was flat. So overall, with the U.S.
 China now is stabilized and starting to grow.
 It feels pretty good about what we're seeing here,
 geographically, in our case.
 All right, so I'll talk about the products in the healthcare space.
 The primary product is called the responder series, and it connects all the nurse call stations in the hospital.
 It's really an indispensable tool for nurses.
 All right.
 It provides multiple levels of functionality.
 We provide a virtual whiteboard status for each patient, so we know the patient's status
 The nurse at the nurse station can know the patient's status for each patient.
 It provides voice communication between the nurse and patient and it also manages the
 patients in hospital alarm systems. So the alarms in the hospital are controlled by the
 So it's an indispensable tool for hospitals and an indispensable tool for nurses and as
 mentioned earlier, is a fantastic tool for hospitals to manage and efficiently utilize
 for nursing capability as we know there's been a perpetual forage of nurses.
 But they're right at the sweet spot of demographic trends and perpetual shortage of nurses,
 There's a high degree of regulation in the market. The switching costs are very high.
 So, they're right for the product upgrade cycles and their pre-unit capabilities.
 So we're just real good about the product offering.
 As I mentioned, the big competitor would be Ascom, internationally.
 Hill ROM also has some products in the market.
 But Roland Borg in the U.S. is the market share leader by far.
 It's about at the amethyst average, you know, it's a 2% or less capex.
 Yeah, I think the trends that are, you know, we're working through a long cycle, and it's a predictable cycle.
 and past cycles have been very similar, although not as deep.
 and it's going to start with the upstream business picking up
 And then it's going to flow through to the mid-bounce range and it will probably be a
 a year or two years before the market totally gets returns.
 It's a current price of oil.
 It's a lot lower than what it was, but it's enough for a positive business to take place.
 and that's key for upstream business.
 And what customers are telling us is they actually have capital to spend this year.
 last year, but they really didn't. The authority to spend is back in the business units instead
 That is a sweet, sweet.
 They were all purchase orders had to go to the C-suite before they'd buy anything.
 And for our equipment, there's some excess capacity out there, and it needs to be utilized,
 But we're seeing increased activity in the upstream space now, especially in the U.S.
 And for the men's offering business, we think that's going to be flat to down a bit this
 year, but we're seeing some good project business in the Middle East, so we're feeling much
 much better this year than we reported last year at this time.
 Okay, thank you.
 Our bread and butter acquisition is still the $1,550 million deal, and that's going
 It's going to stay that way and we have tremendous value to those kind of businesses.
 We've been successful in a slightly larger deal, so about nine months ago, we extended
 or pipeline to include revenue size one notch higher between $200 million to $500 million.
 And really, we did that because there's
 a bit of a difference between what we're doing
 and we want to continue our track work of doubling the earnings of the company.
 We felt that we had to add those larger businesses to our candidate list and we also felt that
 we've been very successful going on.
 I mean, the bigger deal is that we've done, we, we watched ZYGO a couple years ago,
 of the business is going to be extremely well for Amotec.
 but time for motoring, time for motoring a few years ago,
 the business performing extremely well for everything.
 We've acquired Hayden Prep, the businesses performing extremely well.
 So, we're getting comfortable doing larger deals, but at the same time, we have not stopped
 on the bread and butter deals.
 So we just think as we grow and we continue to generate more cash flows, we want to expand
 or opportunity stuff.
 Yes, I do.
 learning process about three months ago. We went into that in detail and very comfortable
 so.
 Sure.
 Sure, I mean, you know, in situations with private companies who are looking to sell
 They're looking for an incredible seller that has the business model that's flexible enough
 to deal with the private company and Amatec has shown that capability.
 we have the reputation of being able to do that.
 I think Roland approached Banker and they approached very few companies because of the uniqueness of the situation.
 We are lucky enough to work with the family and get the deal done and not part of an effect.
 So I think it's really the reputation of Amantuck
 and the work we're doing in the medical space that can be combined.
 brought that business down with us.
 I mentioned earlier, we're calling a transition from negative organic growth to positive organic growth.
 and in our business with the very high contribution margins
 when you get positive working at growth.
 it's very appreciative of the profit.
 on the reverse when you have negative organic growth.
 If it's difficult to call, that's a turnover.
 We've called those single digits for the first quarter,
 we think that's the right call, and we think that some markets, you know, talked about
 We're going to corrode slowly throughout the year.
 We're going to see that continuing trends in spite improvement.
 The benefits also, first, the benefits over a realignment are a bit back in-loaded.
 We talked about the realignment and we talked about the realignment and we talked about
 the benefits of 16 million and those are going to more favorably impact youth
 screen Q4 than Q1 and Q2.
 And as we mentioned earlier, Rollins really impacts
 Q3 and Q4 more than Q1, Q2 because of some of the acquisition of comics.
 So those are three things I wanted to look at a little bit of a ramp in the parties for the year.
 Yep.
 Hi guys, good morning.
 You're reading it.
 Hi, Austin.
 Amatext is a bunch of diverse end markets and run businesses very effectively in that niche position.
 So, you know, even in the medical space, that's the same when the patient occurs.
 So, you know, we don't have a six percentage, but any time a product or a market area gets,
 20% of companies that we start to think about as diversification.
 The one thing that I mentioned in my opening remarks was we're getting a very good management
 the team is growing.
 Sales and marketing capability is outstanding.
 We spend time with the management team.
 We feel really good that it's going to be a good cultural fit, and we feel really good
 that we're going to bring what we do well to them.
 So, I feel really good about the future and the management capabilities for all of us.
 No, no, I think that each, you know, our system, I mean, it comes from the bottom up
 in terms of R&D and the business managers have to, you know,
 and tell us what you want to work on and show us a good project to fund and get the funding.
 But the only thing is we really focused on taking our R&D dollars and spending it in growth areas.
 So there's a little bit of that, but really it was the same process across all of our
 businesses, it's a low risk approach and as I mentioned, we have 24% of sales from
 new products so we think that's a healthy level and we're a really good engineer and
 to take the building throughout the company.
 I thought that you joined A.O. Smith.
 if I'm going to blame it on Robbie, $100 million of savings.
 We're going to see a larger percentage of those savings now being reinvested under Dave Sotico
 then in the past those savings were reinvested?
 I don't think that's necessarily true.
 I mean, we talked about 65 million are broken,
 investments and we feel it's important to properly fund our sales and marketing expenses
 in our engineering, but we had a similar amount last year,
 So, I don't think there's a meaningful change in that area.
 We're going to make sure that we invest for the future.
 It's in line with the class.
 That's a great question, Scott.
 I mean, if you want to look at it at the overall level, I think there'll be incrementally
 more spending and sales and marketing expenses, but the same amount of expenditures will be
 back in each year.
 healthy cost reductions, not setting the investments,
 But if there's some opportunities in sales and marketing,
 And we're funding some of them this year that we think are going to have great returns
 with that over the long term.
 Start to panic from them later this year.
 It's a joke.
 Yeah.
 That's a great question, Scott. I mean, one of our investments that we're making
 this year is an expansion in Southeast Asia.
 So that's exactly what we're thinking.
 some opportunities in our UPT business or also precision technology business and materials
 the analysis division in Southeast Asia and one of the key investments that we're making
 of expansion and sales and marketing channels in that area.
 Okay, thank you.
 Yeah, it is both. I mean, they're adjacent product areas in the non-acute care facilities.
 There are adjacent product areas in the existing customer base,
 There are adjacent opportunities internationally, so we feel really good about all the avenues
 It's a girl.
 Now, Roland has some of these products under development and some of the other products
 are more driven by acquisition than organic development.
 Yeah, we did the market work and the existing SAM, the Service Addressable Market, was about
 about $500 million and the TAN, the total addressable market, was about a billion dollars
 and we didn't include a lot of the camera discussions,
 But those are the kind of ways.
 It's a niche market.
 It's a $500 million service market.