 Good afternoon.
 This is the Coursquale Conference Operator.
 Welcome and thank you for joining the Generale Group 9 Months 2021 Results Conference Call.
 As a reminder, all participants are listen-only mode.
 after the presentation
 there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 Should anyone need assistance during the conference call, they may signal an operator by pressing star and zero on their telephone.
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Giulia Raffo, Head of Investor and Rating Agency Relations.
 Please go ahead, Madam.
 Thank you and welcome all to Generale 9-month 2021 conference call.
 here with me we have our group
 CFO Cristiano Borean
 We are ready to take your question.
 Thank you very much.
 Excuse me, this is the course call conference operator. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who has a question may press star and one on their touchtone telephone.
 To remove yourself from the question queue, please press a star and two.
 Please pick up the receiver when asking questions.
 Anyone who has a question may press star and one at this time.
 The first question is from Peter Elliot with Kepler Chevrolet.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, thank you very much.
 I had three questions to you, but I'm afraid they're all numbers-based.
 The first one, I guess it would really help a lot with our modelling if you had disclosure
 on the private equity exposure results and dividends by the vision.
 I don't know how much of that you're able to tell us on this call
 but anything you can say would be very helpful.
 The second question is on the non-life.
 I was just wondering if you could give us the split
 of the operating results in terms of
 technical
 investment and other
 and I guess within the technical
 The reserve releases were 6% in Q3 in isolation.
 I was just wondering if there's anything particular worth commenting on there.
 And then finally, third question on the asset manager.
 it looked like the revenue margin
 dits a little bit and the costing
 income ratio went up to 43% in Q3 from 37% in Q2. Maybe that's just normal quarterly
 volatility, but I was just wondering if there was anything worth commenting on, yeah, or
 it just
 normal volatility.
 Hello, Peter.
 so regarding the
 First question on the Private Equity Explorer.
 First of all, in the result, the private equity contribution operating result for the group in the first nine months is 540 million euro.
 Regarding the split of the asset by division, we will give you full detail in the year-end number.
 don't forget that we started in the past
 with a higher weight of PNC
 and then in the last years
 we are increasing also the exposure in life as a guidance.
 Second question.
 operating
 result split.
 the third quarter reserve release
 and in general
 the third quarter percent number
 I kindly suggest
 all of you to look at the broadly
 nine months result more than the single IQ3 which is a special particular also because
 of the high level of natural catastrophe we observed, and in general, you should look
 more on a run rate
 and to give you guidance
 more than what you've seen in the 9 months
 in the single
 in the single piece
 of the quarter
 regarding the third question
 on the cost-income ratio went up.
 it is not volatility
 It is something which we announced in the Healthier Results.
 As you remember, we raised some investment also to develop the franchise and the capacity to build our asset strategy from the point of view of investment capabilities and infrastructure.
 and this is something that it is going to be discussed already
 and it is more on the IT and distribution part.
 So it is absolutely in line with the strategy.
 Perfect.
 Thanks, guys.
 can I maybe quickly
 Sorry, very quickly.
 On the first one, thank you very much for the group contribution.
 Are you also able to give us the dividend figure by any chance?
 And on asset management, I'm just wondering if you're able to give us the performance fees.
 Yes, okay.
 On the asset, I give you, I start from the second one, which is in my hands.
 In the first nine months, performance fees are accounting for slightly more than 19 million
 euro
 on asset management
 than the dividend pay
 by the private equity
 in the first nine months
 is 100
 64 million euro
 Right. Thank you very much indeed.
 Welcome.
 Next question, please.
 The next question is from Andrew Sinclair with Bank of America.
 please go ahead
 Thanks, everyone.
 three for me as well if that's okay
 I'm sorry, just to continue on the private equity
 dig in
 So just looking at 540 million a year to date,
 I just really wondered if he could give us any guidance for the near and even region term
 and where do you expect that to be on Q4 and longer term?
 Secondly, given this is the first time we've spoken since the Catolica transaction completed,
 I really just wondered if you can remind us of your options from here,
 what options do you potentially have
 for squeezing out the minorities
 in Catolica
 and thirdly
 was just on
 motor experience
 and kind of COVID experience today,
 what are, you know, the frequency
 benefits, are they just neutralizing or actually are you getting any reversal in the short
 and as the world gets back to work
 just an update there would be great
 Thanks.
 Yes, hello, Andrew.
 So, on private equity gains, the guidance on the fourth quarter, we had for sure some specific exit on some investment which was higher than a specific quarter in the first three months, flattening out in the first nine months.
 So the fourth quarter for sure will be positive.
 maybe not as positive
 of the average of the first
 three-quarter, but still
 still on the positive stance
 so you should
 you should expect again another contribution
 in the fourth quarter
 forward guidance around private equity
 I would like to say that
 due to the fact that
 the private equity amount of money invested
 were piling up
 due to also the growth in life
 you should expect
 before sharing with the policyholder
 as a pure investment
 before sharing
 an increase
 of this contribution
 but when you start seeing
 overall
 the net effect after also
 the component of life which is growing
 you should expect broadly a result in the next years
 which is in line with what we are observing this year on the so-called after-policy order.
 So the sum of the PNC plus the effect on the life.
 What are the remaining options for us here in Cattolica?
 so for me
 for me
 for your
 for information
 the tender offer has been
 successfully executed
 Now we are shareholder of
 Cattolica at 84.475%, slightly less than 84.5% ownership.
 Now we intend to achieve the objective to delist Cattolica shares through a merger.
 so the merger project
 will be presented
 to the Board of Directors
 General in Cattolica for their approval
 and in general as well
 to the authorization of the Italian insurance supervisor authority.
 after that energy
 process
 of
 the company will be completely fully integrated and this is consistent to what we put in the
 Informational Memorandum for the Initial Public Offering, the Be the True
 Cattolica.
 The frequency benefits
 what the third question
 on the motor
 we have
 I should say
 a kind of
 three
 areas of focus
 I would like to give you
 the first one is
 the first big question is
 are we back
 to the pre-COVID 2019 level? The answer is no, not still. Are we back above 2020 level in the
 The answer is in some, but not in all.
 We are observing, especially in Germany, still a frequency which is below the 2020 level.
 we are observing in some
 countries of Central Eastern Europe
 are still a positive development.
 They are clearly under now a fourth vague potentially.
 and the frequency benefits
 are not fully neutralizing.
 we are
 seeing a little bit of less
 even if I sum up the amount of frequency claims
 we observe also when you are
 in a more
 catching
 back country, for example, like
 it is Italy or France.
 but still we have not the return to the pre-Covid level of 2019.
 Hope I was insightful on this point.
 Very helpful.
 Thank you very much, Cristiano.
 Thank you.
 Next question please.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from Andrew Ricci with Autonomous.
 Please go ahead.
 Oh, hi there.
 But just following up on – you commented there, Cristiano, on frequency trends.
 Could you just give us an update on severity trends that you may be seeing in the key markets,
 I guess in the context of
 broader, some small pickup
 in broader economic inflation
 just if you're seeing any major changes in severity.
 question just to clarify
 I think on the press conference this morning,
 He talked about having a billion euros left for M&A.
 I'm assuming you're framing that in the context of the 2018-2021 plan and budget.
 that might be set
 at the end of the year
 We're just checking that's the case.
 Thanks.
 Hi, Andrew. Thanks for the question.
 So first point, what are the frequency trends as already been discussed regarding the severity?
 Let me tell you something which is, in my opinion, quite interesting, which I always share with our technical colleagues.
 level of increase and this is consistent both in Italy and in Germany. In France, stripping
 out from, let's say, larger claims on death, you are exactly on a slightly decreasing trend
 of average cost, and these
 has a meaning
 what we observed
 is that the claims inflation, especially on the spare parts,
 which is the one affecting the attritional
 the most, we're starting
 already in the last
 previous more than 12 months
 So, in the middle of the COVID, the speed of adjustment from the spare part providers was already starting, and we were observing already that.
 So now when you are rolling out the 12-month windows, you are seeing a lower effect of average cost increase because you are exiting but rolling windows.
 So we are more on a stabilizing and more natural inflation growth compared to the speed we observed so far.
 I hope I gave you the dynamic behind it.
 and
 that's great
 sorry just on
 that's on motor damage
 on
 property
 on property what we see is
 a slight increase
 of the average cost
 but we are speaking about
 really
 the time
 of point of
 percentage increase
 So 0.2, 0.3% increase in the average cost, which is really immaterial.
 and, anyhow, has this a little bit of consistency in the part of, let's say, property side, maybe, of scarcity of offer due to the huge demand.
 but it is absolutely still limited in what we are observing.
 Let me say that clearly inflation is one of the beasts which is more difficult to predict.
 But in any case, all our proactive approach towards this already started years ago
 and we are always striving to improve the speed of claim settlement.
 on one side
 because of the new world we are in after the drop of rates,
 which is clearly benefiting this
 And the second way also because it is better serving our clients.
 So, we really kill two birds with one stone with this speed acceleration where we are focused on.
 don't forget
 but on the property
 the resource of the natural catastrophe
 effect embedding
 which could
 a little bit change
 the
 the average
 regarding
 regarding the MNA
 I
 clarify that
 the one billion
 stands for a very simple
 mathematical calculation
 we were saying that we were having around 800 million
 excluding already
 the money put aside for the
 completion of the settlement
 of the Malaysian operation
 so 800 plus
 The minorities which were not bought by cash and will be acquired through the merger on Cattolica brings us to 1 billion.
 So, this is the actual budget, for sure, clearly, in the third day, we will update you on the full numbers.
 but this is the so far budget
 Okay, thank you very much.
 The next question is from Michael Hutner with Berenberg.
 Please go ahead.
 and well done for the lovely results.
 on the
 from the private equity
 and just two figures
 you
 if I try to think about the
 contribution excluding
 policyholders.
 I wonder if she could give us a figure or give me the figure.
 I don't know what it would be
 And just on the total exposure, I'm looking at your half-year slides,
 and I see alternative funds at $10 billion.
 I'm just wondering if that's the exposure to private equity at the moment, which would be, I suppose, quite big.
 The second question is on Cattolica.
 So you originally gave a guidance of synergies of 80 million on top of the operating profit,
 which I think all the profits
 and he had Bloomberg to use
 consensus 130 odd million
 I just wonder if you can give a feel
 for how much you've already booked
 year-to-date from Catalica,
 from your 24% stake, et cetera.
 and in other words
 what would be the delta now that you're at 84%, you know, full consolidation.
 And then the final question is a really stupid question.
 you gave the answer to Andrew
 but I didn't quite understand
 and this is me
 and he's having
 So one billion left for M&A.
 am I right in thinking
 This is a question, I don't know, that this has to be or should be spent by the UN,
 otherwise it goes to shareholders
 So it was there.
 So, hi, Michael.
 point number one
 excluding the contribution of policyholders
 and the contribution of Alternative.
 and you know
 there is a slightly higher contribution in the component of the PNC as of today because of the
 earlier
 stage of adoption
 as we always said so you should you should expect that this is going to uh level out now the con
 the contribution is
 clearly higher because still there is
 an operating contributor in the life.
 I think you've seen
 from the adjusted result
 we are publishing
 and I think you can extrapolate
 a little bit out of it
 the life contribution because that
 is already shown
 without a policyholder
 with policyholder
 participation
 Regarding the question on Cattolica, in the nine months result, using the equity method accounting done since the first time we booked Cattolica in our balance sheet, we booked all the results of Cattolica in the PNC.
 it has contributed
 for 70 million
 7-0 million euro
 in the first nine months result
 clearly this is the combination
 of both the lines of capitolica but has a specific effect don't forget that in our purchase price
 a location our booking was embedding really a prudent approach without not at all considering
 any form of intangible.
 So clearly, if you try to compare and multiply by four what you are observing,
 you will not end up with the number of
 because all the non-economic, let's say, only the impairment side and the other form are not accounted for us
 because we already booked in the opening balance, okay?
 and regarding the
 fourth quarter contribution
 I think you know that
 we will be
 accounting
 as a consolidation for
 the piece of the
 period from
 since November 5th
 what
 is the delta
 versus 85%
 anyhow has to be considered
 regarding also this effect
 So I think in the year end, we can give a better guidance on the split.
 don't forget
 last point
 on Cattolica, but due to the fact
 that we do not
 know the result of
 Cattolica because they are published after
 the document.
 we embed only this with a shift of three months
 so clearly please take into account
 that when we book the full year
 we need to adjust
 also on the catching up
 all these effects
 according to the
 to the accounting rules
 What are the amount of assets we have under Cattolica is 7.8 billion on the assets under management.
 don't forget that
 they gave us
 under the strategic agreement
 and clearly they will not be
 any more accounted as a
 third party money
 as they are
 in the inflows
 been so far
 as of the nine months.
 what
 regarding the third question
 on the 1 billion left for M&A.
 Again, Michael, I tell you that for us M&A is a mean to obtain a diversification of our earnings.
 by diversification there is also the dispersion
 not only on the geographical, but also on the business line.
 the case of Cattolica we already commended
 was to get the number one position
 in one of the most profitable
 P&C market of the world
 which is Italy.
 on the use of MNA
 is also an accelerator
 towards our strategic goal
 but MNA is per se
 not a mean for us
 So we always evaluate the usage and the capital redeployment against our strategic objectives.
 Then we will give you a final overview around what is left and what is the approach on December 15th.
 Thank you so much.
 And can I just ask one follow-up?
 I'm quick.
 The 70 million, the 7-0 in P&C, I take it that's pre-tax operating?
 no it is a full
 debt of tax because of the equity accounting method. So you book the full net result of
 Cattolica as this and it is also
 booked as operating by
 definition
 Thank you very, very much.
 The next question, thank you.
 The next question is from David Barma with Exam BMP Paribas.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning.
 if I may.
 The first one on the like-new business margin, which was stronger again in the quarter.
 Can you give some color on the drivers there and the product mix versus market effect, please?
 Secondly, on life and asset management, can you give us an update on where you stand
 on your objective turn-to-n-wise unit-checked funds
 in your asset management division.
 and lastly
 the insolvency, and apologies if I may have missed that in the release.
 Could you give us the organic capital generation for Q3, please?
 Thank you.
 David, sorry, your second and third question didn't come out too clearly.
 Would you mind to repeat them, please?
 Sorry.
 Yeah, can you hear me well now?
 Yes, thank you.
 Yes.
 So, the second question was on the internalization of unit-length assets.
 Can you give us an update on how much of your unit link assets are run in-house?
 And the last one was on solvency.
 could you give us the organic
 capital generation number for
 43Q, please.
 Yes, David. Thank you. Good morning.
 So, life, new business margins.
 I would say, let's start with what are the drivers from the 9 months 20 to 9 months 21.
 The largest driver is stemming from better product features and profitable products and as well the larger production.
 I'm speaking about the protection, especially the unit link side, where you absorb better the fixed cost, which is driving you to more profitable effect.
 The economic variance played more on the negative side because of the full discount rate
 but you need to use not only the risk free
 but you need also to take into account
 but there is a lower volatility adjustment in the discounting compared to the nine months
 which is bringing actually down
 the effect
 what is very important
 It is the product mix which is stemming out.
 Because if you look at our present daily new business premium, the growth of the protection and the unit linked is more than free time.
 It is basically three times higher than the present value business premium of the savings.
 So we are clearly growing in the most profitable segment.
 And I recall you, but our net inflow, which is not related to new business value,
 But don't forget, even the net inflow is completely more than driven by protection and unit links.
 This is allowing us also to improve the marginal profitability on protection and unit link as well because of higher amount of more profitable product and as well in some cases also, and I'm joining to the second answer, because we have higher funds of Generali in our offer.
 And this is visible also when you look at our so-called look-through profit in new business value,
 Because just for your reference, we are telling you that in these nine months of the 1.67 billion of your business value, 225 are given from the look-through profit of the funds which are sold for Generali.
 so you should go also
 and I start to communicate
 this number
 in the future
 because this will be a good driver
 to see the improvement
 also of our capacity
 to internalize
 within
 within generally those numbers.
 and these numbers are growing at a fast pace
 and also because of the larger amount of unit link sold,
 not only because of the higher internalization.
 So I think this is quite in line with the strategy.
 and this will be further accelerated
 But around this, I think we will communicate a little bit more on the 15th of December.
 regarding the organic
 capital generation in the
 third quarter I think we have
 three percentage points of
 Solvency Capital Generation
 please take into account
 the fact that in Q3 we had also
 a higher booking of natural catastrophes
 which clearly is not
 giving the normal run rate
 of the best estimate
 the current year of the
 of the PNC.
 Great. Thank you very much.
 And just to clarify, 3% is before deducting the dividend.
 This is the full capital generation, and then we deduct always out of the 3% we will take off a pro rata dividend.
 but this is the pure capital generation.
 Yes, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Next question please.
 Next question.
 Thank you.
 The question is from William Hawkins with KBW.
 W, please go ahead, sir.
 Hi, Christiana. Thanks for taking my questions.
 You've already talked helpfully about claims trends.
 so I'm sorry to come back to it
 but I just want to ask the question a different way.
 if I take your attritional loss ratio
 excluding the impact of NACAT reserve development the third quarter figure was
 69% if you recognize
 that number. That's a lot
 higher than the 63% in the first
 half of this year, obviously because
 all the trends that you've been talking about.
 But what I'm finding it harder to do is to get a feeling for how indicative that is for future experience.
 you obviously said reserve development
 We may be able to take the nine-months figure, but we obviously can't do that.
 So 69 is sort of similar to where we were back in 2019, but your business has evolved
 quite a lot.
 So the question is, if I just take your 3Q loss ratio,
 excluding that
 caps from reserve development, is that a good baseline for the future, or do I need to adjust
 in either direction.
 second question please
 do you mind just
 telling us the numerator and denominator for your solvency 2 ratio.
 So I hate just doing ratios without knowing the numbers that go into it.
 And then thirdly, can you just remind us for the historical plan, why is the ceiling for your solvency ratio as high as 240%?
 I mean it's quite an outlier
 I've never seen companies that have ceilings go much above 220.
 And I know that, again, it may just be that you've historically been worried about Italian
 and suffering credit risk.
 If that is the case, you know, how are you feeling about that at the moment?
 So I guess the question is that 240% seems like quite a high number these days.
 But, you know, how are you feeling about your ceiling?
 Yes, William.
 Hello. So, first question regarding the third quarter.
 as I told you
 already before. I think it is
 not indicative of
 the future run rate.
 take into account a couple of reasons that's why I prefer you to stick as a guidance also to look
 more on the nine months
 ex-Covid
 and the
 ex
 the
 natural catastrophe
 which is driving you more in the center of the 92% range,
 which the corridor we always said
 I think that you have to take into account
 that in this quarter
 we have already booked
 good.
 all the reinstallment premium to be paid and some of them could be stripped out
 in the fourth quarter because of the reaching of our 500 million maximum loss and this will be
 let's say stripped out
 and booked
 with a positive effect
 in the fourth quarter
 and there is another effect
 which I would like to highlight
 that in this quarter
 apart from the normal quarterly fluctuation
 there is also a higher
 IBNR prudency in the booking
 That's why, again, I go back to tell you, don't take this number and go more in the nine months as a good guidance to look forward.
 Second question is related to the numerator and denominator of solvency ratio.
 We have 48.3, 48.3 on funds billion, okay, and we have 20.7 to 0.7 billion solvency capital requirement.
 Third question, why the ceiling on the 240 on our risk appetite framework?
 Well, I think that the risk-capital framework is built on a company.
 it's not built on a comparison
 against the peers
 for sure we have
 comparing
 to our peers a higher one, but I think
 This has to be built on the structure of Generali.
 part of our own funds
 are built thanks to the valuing force
 of our live business
 which is growing and growing profitably
 or adjusting for some private debt speed as well on corporate
 in order to clearly extract
 more also running
 result on the
 one of the three parts
 and not only on the value part
 the combination of these
 coupled
 for sure with a higher sensitivity to government bonds compared to other cases,
 will bring us
 to stay within this range
 which is allowing us to operate
 at the best
 within the interest of maximizing
 the creation of value for the shareholder
 notwithstanding our
 approach towards
 the capital already
 joining. So clearly it is a tailor-made
 sweet against
 the Generali structure.
 once the capital structure could change
 In case this is changing, then we could adjust.
 But with this structure, I think this is also the good way to operate and navigate.
 I just take the case, don't forget that we need to be resilient and our corridor allowed us to stay well within even during the COVID crisis, which is again a proof point of the need to manage this in this way.
 Fantastic. Thank you for sharing.
 Next question, please.
 The next question is from Sudarshan Buthra with Societe Generale. Please go ahead.
 Hi, good afternoon. Just one question from my side. Could you provide some color on the 6.2% non-life premium growth that you've reported?
 basically, you know, some color on the pricing
 environment in your key markets
 like Italy and
 what is driving
 the 5% premium growth in motor line and 6% in the non-motor line.
 Thank you.
 I think that I give you some driver on the growth of the different premiums by the countries.
 So you observe a good growth of premium in Italy, France, Austria-Central, Europe, and Russia, as well in the international area.
 it is also
 slightly positive in Germany, all over the board.
 the best
 the best growing factor is in Italy.
 Don't forget that there is a growth of both the component global corporate commercial, which is playing as a hub for the group.
 and this is a very profitable 15% premium increased business observed so far on that line,
 plus the growth of the new motor.
 the other good growth
 which we are observing in France
 is pricing driven in the non-motor
 environment plus some growth
 of the health lines
 and as well
 a good
 a good development in the
 motor segment thanks also to the to the contribution of partnership and and the
 fleets and as well
 still a good pricing momentum
 In Germany, we have as well a growth slightly lower because the country is a little bit less on an increase in price environment,
 but still observing, as I said before, a better frequency even in motor than 2020.
 Austria, Central, Eastern Europe
 and Russia are growing well
 both in the motor and in the non-motor, and this is driving a good, a very good growth
 in what you know is our most profitable
 region
 then there are
 developments in the
 international, which are also driven by the inflation, for example, in Argentina, which
 we have the number one operator on the motor market,
 which is clearly affected also by this kind of effect.
 Here is a kind of anatomy of the plus six for the group.
 I hope I gave you some trend.
 Yes.
 Okay, and you may be...
 Just a follow-up, please.
 Sorry, so basically could you just provide some more colour on the personal line?
 In Italy, basically, I mean, you know, what is the pricing trend and the outputs of profitability
 in the personal motor business, in particular in Italy.
 Sorry, just to be clear, you're asking for detail in particular with regard to motor in Italy, pricing and profitability.
 Yes.
 Correct.
 Correct, correct.
 Thank you very much.
 Fertiline motor.
 Yes.
 So what we are observing as a pricing trend in Italy is that the average premium is getting close to a tipping point from the point of view of we are not observing anymore a decrease of the average premium quarter over quarter.
 so we could reach the so-called tipping point.
 This is also coherent with what we are observing exorgenously as a market which could turn less of a soft vanities now in the future.
 regarding profitability
 I still recall you that we have a lower than 2019 frequency environment with a controlled claim environment on the claim severity and, let's say, the average claim cost, which is still bringing a good level of profitability.
 with a higher acquisition cost ratio, but it is worth the case to pay together.
 And this is also thanks to big agreement we had with Fiat Claris Automobile.
 All right.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question is from Stephen Haywood with HSBC.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you. Just one question from me. It's on the Italian competition regulator, the AGCM.
 Has there been any update from them with regards to the investigation
 looking between motor insurers and price comparison websites.
 Do you have any knowledge about any potential invocations or is there a timeline when this regulator will come out with some conclusions?
 And can you remind me which subsidiaries of Generale and Catolica are included within this investigation?
 Yes. First of all, to my knowledge, there are no specific conclusions out of that and from the antitrust authority, so nothing to highlight the specific.
 And the company which was in that analysis was our direct company, direct company, which is called Genertel.
 Thank you.
 Was there anything from Cattolica?
 I'm not sure
 and not to my knowledge so far.
 Okay, thank you.
 Next question, please.
 The next question is a follow-up from Michael Hattner with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much.
 It was just one question on private equity.
 Could you give us the amount invested in private equity, just the total amount?
 I was looking at your slides and I see a figure of 10 billion for alternative equity,
 but I'm not sure if that's all private equity.
 Yes, I think that on the full private equity amount, we should expect something which is when I gave you the number, it was including the hedge fund, the full alternative equity.
 so the private equity
 you should expect something more
 in the order of 8
 billion euro as full
 asset class
 private equity as of year-end 21, according to the actual market valuation.
 That's, that's, that's, that's, uh, that's...
 It's a very cheapy key.
 Do you have a figure for cash at the holding?
 yeah
 of indication of how the cash
 up to two minutes going
 Thank you for the chip, Michael.
 So, I would like to recall, I think you should focus on two things.
 The first one is the 1 billion euro number, which I gave you, which is the cash available for capital redeployment.
 don't forget that we paid
 on the 20th of October
 the second tranche of the
 famous
 2019 did
 and so this is a close story
 for us as well
 having said that
 there is money put aside for the
 for the
 Malaysia Bill
 which is in the order of the 300 million euro.
 and at the same time
 don't forget that we are operating
 with a liquidity buffer
 which we wanted to take in an uncertain environment
 and this bus always we said
 would have been
 between 500 million euro
 and 1 billion and we are operating at the higher
 end of this now. On top
 of that there is the usual treasury
 cash which is not
 cash available for
 redeployment
 it is more for internal optimization and use.
 So you should focus on these sources for your estimation.
 Thank you.
 Next question, please.
 The next question is a follow-up from Sudarshan Butra with the Societe Generale.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Hi, thank you for taking my question again.
 just a very brief one
 can you just
 to write some comments
 on you know
 the potential life
 pack book deals? I mean, what are the
 are there any deals in the pipeline and what are you looking at so just some
 color on that would be great.
 Thank you very much.
 Yes, I owe a completion of the previous question for a reference for Michael,
 but all the analysts and investors connected, we completed the remittance plan for 2021.
 So all subsidiaries upstreamed, so there is the full completion also of the 2021 plan.
 Just going on your question, clearly we are and we were among the first starting with very large transaction.
 I recall you that we did the Generali Labour in Germany, which is basically unleashed the potential to grow in Germany in a much more profitable way and putting the company on a much safer trajectory.
 This is always the way we are looking and analyzing our business.
 We already commented with the market, our group CEO many times explained as well, but we did a follow-up analysis on all books.
 we have
 many set
 offerings list
 around this
 and the levers could be multiple
 and clearly we are always looking
 in a proactive way around this
 so I think
 We will also give more information around our strategy in December 15, in this today.
 All right.
 Thank you.
 Operator, I believe there are no more questions in the queue.
 Can you please confirm that?
 We confirm there are no more questions at this time.
 that is the case. I thank
 everyone on the call
 And I look forward to hear from everyone as investors, they will be virtual still and not, you know, physical.
 So we will look forward to hear from you on December 15th.
 Thank you very much.
 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining. The conference is now over. You may disconnect your telephones.