 Good afternoon. This is the Cross-Coal Conference Operator.
 Welcome and thank you for joining in the Generally Group 9 Months 2021 Results Conference call.
 As a reminder, all participants are listening only mode.
 After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 Should anyone need assistance during the conference call, they may signal an operator by pressing
 star in zero on your telephone.
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Julia R. Afo, head of Investor
 and Rating Agency Relations.
 Please go ahead, madam.
 Thank you and welcome all to generally nine months 2021 conference call.
 Here with me, we have our group CSO Cristiano-Borean.
 We are ready to take your question.
 Thank you very much.
 Excuse me, this is the course call conference. Operator, we will now begin the question and answer session.
 Anyone who has a question may press star and one on their touch-tone telephone.
 To remove yourself from the questions, you please press a star and two.
 Please pick up the receiver when asking questions.
 Anyone who has a question may press a star and one at this time.
 The first question is from Peter Elliott with Kepler Chevrolet. Please go ahead.
 Thank you. Thank you very much.
 And I had three questions, please.
 I'm afraid they're all numbers-based.
 The first one, I guess it would really help a lot
 with our modeling.
 if there was, if you had disclosure on the,
 the private equity exposure results and dividend by division.
 I don't know how much of that you're able to tell us on this call or afterwards, but
 anything you can say would be very helpful.
 The second question is on the non-life.
 I just wanted you to give us the split of the operating results in terms of technical
 investment and other, and I guess within the technical, the reserve releases were 6% in Q3
 in isolation. I was just wondering if there's anything particular worth commenting on there.
 And then finally, first question on the asset manager, it looked like the revenue margin
 did some little bit and the cost-income ratio went up to 43% in Q3 from 37% in Q2, maybe
 that's just normal cause and the volatility, but I was just wondering if there's anything
 worth commenting on, yeah, or if that is just normal volatility.
 Hello Peter, so regarding the first question on the private equity explorer first of all in the result and the
 The private equity contribution operating result for the group in the first nine months
 is 514,000,000 euro.
 Regarding the split of the asset by division,
 we will give you full detail in the year end number.
 Don't forget that we started in the past with a higher weight
 of the PNC, and then in the last years,
 we are increasing also the exposure in life.
 as a guidance.
 Second.
 Second question, operating result split,
 the third quarter reserve release,
 and in general, the third quarter percent number.
 I kindly suggest all of you to look at the broadly nine-month result, more than the single
 Q3, which is a special particular also because of the high level of natural catastrophe.
 observed and in general you should look more on a run rate and to give you guidance more
 or what you've seen in the nine months until in the single,
 in the single piece of the quarter.
 regarding the third question on the cost-income ratio when
 top, it is not volatility, it is something which we announced in the health care results
 As you remember, we raised some investment also
 to develop the franchise and the capacity
 to build our asset strategy from the point of view
 of investment capabilities.
 and infrastructure and this is something that it is going to be discussed already and it
 is more on the IT and distribution part.
 So it is absolutely in line with the strategy.
 OK.
 Thanks, guys.
 Can I have a quick picture of this?
 very quickly. On the first one, thank you very much for the group contribution. Are you
 Are you also able to give us the dividend figure by any chance?
 And on asset management, I'm just wondering if you're able to give us the performance
 Yes, okay.
 On the asset, I give you, I start from the second one which is in my hands in the first
 nine months, performance fees are accounting for slightly more than 19 million euro on
 and asset management, then the dividend pay
 by the private equity in the first nine months is one hundred and sixty-four million euro.
 Thank you very much indeed.
 Welcome.
 Next question please.
 Next question.
 The next question is from Andrew Sinclair with Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks everyone for you for me as well, that's okay
 I'm sorry, just to continue on the private equity gains, so just looking at the private
 of the 40 million years today, it's just really fun to see if he can give us any guidance
 and even region term on where you expect that to be on Q4 and longer term.
 Secondly, given this is the first thing we've spoken since the Katolica Transaction Completed
 really just wondered if you can remind us of your options from here and what
 options you potentially have for squeezing out the minorities in Katolica. And thirdly,
 was just on motor experience and kind of COVID experience today. What are you now seeing
 frequency benefits? Are they just neutralising or are you getting any reversal in the short
 as the world gets back to work.
 Just update there will be great.
 Thanks.
 Yes, hello, Andrew.
 Thank you.
 on private equity gains, the guidance on the fourth quarter.
 We had, for sure, some specific exit on some investment, which was higher than a specific
 Of course, they're in the first three ones,
 flattening out in the first nine months.
 So the fourth quarter for sure will be positive.
 you may be not as positive as the average of the first three-quarter, but still on the
 positive stance, so you should expect, again, another contribution in the fourth quarter.
 guidance around private equity, I would like to say that due to the fact that the private
 equity amount of money invested were piling up due to also the growth in life, you should
 expect before sharing with the policy holder as a pure investment before sharing an increase
 of this contribution, but when you start seeing overall the net effect after also the component
 of life which is growing, you should expect broadly a result in the next years which is
 in line with what we are observing this year on the so-called after-policy order, so the
 some of the PNC plus the effect on the life.
 What are the remaining options for us here in Catolica?
 So for me, and for me, for your information,
 The tender offer has been successfully executed.
 Now we are shareholder of Catolica at 84.475%, slightly less than 84.5% ownership.
 Now we intend to achieve the objective to the least catholica shares through a merger,
 So the merger project will be presented to the Board of Directors of Generaia in Catolica
 for their approval and in general as well to the
 the authorization of the Italian Supervisor Authority.
 After back-merge process, the company will be completely integrated and this is consistent
 what we put in the information memorandum
 for the initial tabicofing, the big, the big, the big,
 to the Catholic Church.
 the frequency beneficiary.
 What's the third question on the motor?
 We have, I should say, a kind of three areas of focus.
 I would like to give you.
 The first one is, are we, the first big question is,
 Are we back to the pre-COVID 2019 level?
 the answer is no, not still.
 Are we back above the 2020 level in the countries?
 The answer is in some, but not in all.
 we are observing in, especially in Germany,
 frequency which is below the 2020 level. We are observing in some counties of
 in Europe are still a positive development.
 They are clearly under now a fourth big potentially.
 And the frequency benefits are not fully neutralizing.
 We are seeing a little bit of less,
 even if I sum up the amount of frequency claims
 We observe also when you are in a more catching back country, for example, like it is Italy
 or France, but still we have not the return to the pre-COVID level of 2019.
 I hope I was an insight on this point.
 Very helpful. Thank you very much, Cristiano.
 Next question please.
 The next question is from Andrew Ricci with Autonomous. Please go ahead.
 Hi there. Just following up on you commented there, Cristiano, on frequency trends. Could
 Could you just give us an update on severity trends
 that you may be seeing in the key markets,
 I guess in the context of broader,
 some small pickup in broader economic inflation,
 just if you're seeing any major changes in severity.
 Second question, just to clarify, I think on the press conference this morning you talked
 about having a billion euros left for M&A.
 I'm assuming you're framing that in the context of the 2018-21 plan and budget to sort of
 that might be set at the end of the year, just checking that's the case.
 Thanks.
 I, Andrew, thank you for the question.
 So first point, what are the frequency trends
 as we're going to discuss regarding the severity.
 Let me tell you something which is, in my opinion,
 quite interesting, which I always share with our technical colleagues.
 The first point is, if we look at the evolution of the average cost, there is a decrease trend
 And compared to the quarter view at the beginning of the year, so first quarter, twenty-twenty
 And so we are lower than that level of increase, and this is consistent, both in Italy and
 in Germany. In France, stripping out from, let's say, larger claims on debt, you are
 exactly on a slightly decreasing trend of average cost, and this has a meaning. What
 What we observed is that the claims inflation, especially on the spare parts, which is the
 one effect in the attrition the most.
 We're starting already in the last previous 12, more than 12 months.
 So in the middle of the COVID, the speed of adjustment from the spare part providers was
 was already starting, and we were observing already
 So now when you are rolling out the 12-month windows,
 You are seeing a lower effect of average cost increase because you are exiting but rolling
 windows. So we are more on a stabilizing and more natural inflation growth compared to
 speed of the observer so far.
 I hope I gave you the dynamic behind it.
 and the...
 That's great.
 Sorry, just on...
 on property?
 On property, what we see is a slight increase of the average cost, but we are speaking about
 really the times of point of percentage increase.
 So, 0.2, 0.3% increase in the average cost, which is really immaterial.
 and anyhow, has this a little bit of consistency
 in the part of, let's say property side, maybe of scarcity of offer due to the huge demand.
 but it is absolutely still limited in what we are observing.
 Let me say that clearly, inflation is one of the best
 is more difficult to predict, but I
 I would like to let you know that in any case,
 all our proactive approach towards this already started years ago, and we are always thriving
 to improve the speed of claim settlement.
 On one side, because of the new world we are in after the drop rates, which is clearly
 Benefiting this and the second way also because it is better serving our client
 So, we really killed two birds with one stone with this speed acceleration, which we, where
 We are focused on.
 Don't forget about that.
 on the property, there is also the natural catastrophe effect embedding, which could
 a little bit and we change the average.
 Regarding the MNA, I clarify that the 1 billion stands for a very simple mathematical calculation.
 We were saying that we were having around 800 million, excluding already the money put
 aside for the completion of the settlement of the Malaysian operation, so 800 plus the
 The minorities which were not bought by cash and will be acquired through the merger on
 Catholica brings us to one billion. So this is the actual budget for sure. Clearly, at
 a big lesson.
 And we will see you next time.
 update you on the full numbers.
 that we use this with our budget.
 Okay
 The next question is from Michael Hutner with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
 and well done for the lovely results.
 On the private equity, just two figures, if I try to think about the contribution excluding
 policy holders.
 I wonder if she could give us a cigar or give me a cigar.
 I don't know what it could be.
 And just from the total exposure, I'm looking at your half year slide and I see you'll turn
 to fund the 10 billion, I'm just wondering if that's the exposure to private equity at
 at the moment, which would be quite big.
 The second question is on the Catholicism.
 You originally gave a guidance of a synthesis of 80 million on top of the operating profit,
 which I think are the profits, and we had Bloomberg to use as a consensus of $138 million.
 one as you can give a feel for how much you've already booked here to date from
 from your 24% stake, et cetera, and in other words, what would be the delta now that you're
 And then the final question is a really stupid question.
 You gave the answer to Andrew, but I didn't quite understand, and this is me, I'm really
 sorry.
 billion left for M&A. Am I right in thinking, and this is a question I don't know, that
 that this has to be or should be sent by the year end,
 Otherwise it goes to shareholders, or is there some kind of more flexibility then?
 So, hi, Michael.
 Point number one, excluding the contribution of police soldiers and the contribution of
 alternative and you know there is a slightly higher contribution in the
 component of the PNC as of today because of the earlier stage of adoption, as we always
 said. So you should expect that this is going to level out.
 Now the contribution is clearly higher because still there is an operating contribution
 And in the life, I think you've seen from the adjusted result we are publishing and
 I think you can extrapolate a little bit out of it, the light contribution, because that
 is already shown without police order and with police order participation regarding the
 this is a non-Catholic.
 in the nine months result, using the equity method
 accounting, since the first time we booked the Catholic in our balance sheet, we booked
 all the result of catholica in the pnc it has contributed for 70 million 70 million euro
 in the first nine months result.
 Clearly, this is the combination of both the lines of capital.
 But have a specific effect.
 Don't forget that in our purchase price allocation our booking was embedding really a prudent
 approach without not at all considering any form of intangible, so clearly if you try
 to compare and multiply by 4, what you are observing, you will not end up with the number
 of Catholic, because all the non-economic, let's say, only the impairment side and the
 other forms are not accounted for us because we already booked in the opening balance, okay?
 And regarding the fourth quarter contribution,
 I think you know that we will be accounting as a consolidation
 for the piece of the period, since November 5th.
 What is the delta versus the 85% has to be considered regarding also this effect.
 So I think in the year end, we can give a better guidance on the split.
 Don't forget last point on Catolica, but due to the fact that we do not know the result of Catolica because they are published after us,
 and we embed only this with a shift of three months.
 So, clearly, please take into account that when we do the full year, we need to adjust
 also on the catching up of this effect according to the accounting rules.
 What are the amount of asset we have under Catolica is a 7.8 billion on the asset under management.
 Don't forget that they gave us under the strategic agreement and clearly they will not be any
 more accounted as a third party money as they are in the inflows being so far as of the
 nine months. What regarding the third question on the one billion left for MNA? Again, Michael,
 I tell you that for us, M&A is a means to obtain a diversification of our earnings.
 diversification, the resource, the dispersion, not only on the geographical, but also on
 in the business line, in the case of Catholic,
 we already commented was to get the number one position in the one of the most profitable
 PNC market of the world which is Italy on the use of MNA is also an accelerator towards
 our strategic goal, but M&A is per se not a mean for us, so we always evaluate the usage
 the capital redeployment against our strategic objectives.
 then we will give you a final overview around what is left and what is the approach on December 15th.
 Thank you so much.
 The 70 million, the 70 in PNC, I take it that's pre-tax operating.
 No, it is a full net of tax because of the equity accounting method, so you book the
 the full net result of catholica as this, and it is also booked as operating by definition.
 Thank you very, very much. Thank you.
 The next question?
 Thank you. The next question is from David Barma with exam BMP for VA. Please go ahead.
 Good morning three questions if I may the first one on the life in your business margin, which was a strong again in the quarter
 Can you get some some color on the the drivers there and the product mix versus market effect, please?
 Secondly, on life and NASA management, can you give us an update on where you stand on
 in your objective terms and wise,
 and you need to take turns in your sub-manifum division.
 And lastly, on solvency and apologies if I may have missed that in the release.
 Could you give us the organic capital generation for Q3, please?
 Thank you.
 David, sorry. Your second and third question didn't come out too clearly. Would you mind to repeat them, please?
 Sorry.
 Can you hear me well now?
 Yes, thank you.
 Yes, so the second question was on the internalization of unit-length assets.
 Can you give us an update on how much of your Unit 20 assets are run in-house?
 And the last one was on Solvency.
 Could you give us the organic capital generation number for for 3Q please?
 Yes, David. Thank you. Good morning. So life, new business margins. I would say let's start
 what are the drivers from the 9 months 20 to 9 months 21.
 The largest driver is stemming from better product features
 in profitable products, and as well,
 the larger production, I'm speaking about the protection,
 and especially the unique link side,
 where you absorb better the fixed cost,
 which is driving you to a more profitable effect.
 The economic variance played more on the negative side because of the full discount rate that
 you need to use not only the rigs feed,
 that you need also to take into account,
 but there is a lower volatility adjustment
 in the discounting compared to the nine months 20, which is bringing actually down the effect.
 What is very important, it is the product mix, which is standing out.
 Because if you look at our presentation in the business premium, the growth of the protection
 in the unit length is more than three times,
 It is basically three times higher than the present value in business premium of the
 So we are clearly growing in the most profitable segment and I recall you but our net inflow
 which is not related to new business value.
 but don't forget, even the netting fuel is completely more than driven by protection
 This is allowing us also to improve the marginal profitability on protection of the link as
 well because of higher amount of more profitable product and as well in some cases also and
 I'm joining to the second answer because we have a higher
 fans of generality in our offer.
 And this is visible also when you look
 of our so-called look-through profit in new business value
 because just for your reference, we are telling you that in this nine months of the 1.67 billion
 the business value, 225 are given from the look-through profit of the funds which are
 sold for generality. So, you should go also, and I start to communicate this number in
 the future because this will be a good driver to see the improvement also of our capacity
 to internalize within generally those numbers.
 And these numbers are growing at a fast pace and also
 because of the larger amount of unit link sold,
 not only because of the higher internalization.
 So I think this is the end of this video.
 This is quite in line with the strategy.
 and this will be further accelerated,
 But around this, I think we will communicate a little bit more on the 15th of December.
 Regarding the organic capital generation in the third quarter, I think we have three
 the best points of surmissive capital generation, please take into account the fact that in
 We had also a higher booking of natural catastrophes, which clearly is not giving the normal run
 and best estimate the quarantine of the PNC.
 All right, thank you very much.
 just to clarify, 3% is before deducting the dividend.
 This is the full capital generation and then we deduct always out of the 3% we will take
 of a pro-rata dividend, but this is the pure capital generation.
 Yeah, thank you next question, please
 The next question is from William Hawkins with KBW, please go ahead, sir.
 Hi, Christiana. Thanks for taking my questions.
 You've already talked helpfully about claims trends, so I'm sorry to come back to it,
 but I just want to ask the question a different way.
 If I take your attritional loss ratio, which is your loss ratio, excluding the impact,
 isn't it?
 Cat Reserve Development.
 The third quarter figure was 69% if you recognize that number.
 That's a lot higher than the 63% in the first half of this year, obviously because of all
 the trends that you've been talking about. But what I'm trying to find, what I'm finding
 harder to do is to get a feeling for how indicative that is for future experience, you know, you
 obviously said reserve development we may be able to take the nine months figure
 but we obviously can't do that.
 69 is sort of similar to where we were back in 2019, but your business has evolved quite
 or not.
 So the question is, if I just take your 3Q loss ratio, excluding that counts from reserve
 developments is that a good baseline for the future or do I need to adjust it in
 in either direction.
 Do you mind just telling us the numerator and denominator for your solvency to ratio?
 I hate to do ratios without knowing the numbers that go into it.
 And then thirdly, can you just remind us
 for the historical plan.
 Why is the ceiling for your solvency ratio as high as 240%?
 I mean, it's quite an outlier.
 I've never seen companies that have ceilings go much above 220, and I know that, again,
 It may just be that you've historically been worried
 about Italian sovereign credit risk.
 If that is the case, how are you feeling about that at the moment?
 So I guess the question is that 240% seems like quite a high number these days.
 But, you know, how are you feeling about your ceiling?
 Yes, William. Hello. So, first question regarding the third quarter. As I told you already before,
 I think it is not indicative of the future round rate.
 taking into account a couple of reasons.
 That's why I prefer you to stick as a guidance also to look more on the nine months
 x-covid and x-natural catastrophe, which is driving you more in the center of the 92 percent range,
 which we, the corridor we always said.
 I think that you have to take into account that in this quarter, we have already booked
 all the reinstallment premium to be paid and some of them could be stripped out in the
 the fourth quarter because of the reaching of our 500 million maximum loss and this will
 let's say stripped out and booked with a positive effect in the fourth quarter and there is
 another effect, which I would like to highlight, that in this quarter, apart from the normal
 quarterly fluctuation. There is also higher IVNR potency in the booking. That's why, again,
 I go back to tell you don't take this number and go more in the nine months as a good guidance
 to look forward.
 The second question is related to the numerator and denominator of the solvency ratio.
 We have it.
 48.3 on funds billion, okay, and we have 20.7 to 0.7 billion
 the Solvency Capital requirement.
 Third question, what is the, why the ceiling on the 240 on our risk appetite framework?
 Well, I think that the risk appetite framework is built on a company.
 It's not built on a comparison against the PIS.
 for sure we have comparing to our piece a higher one,
 but I think this has to be built on the structure of generality.
 Part of our own funds are built thanks to the value
 force of our life business, which is growing and growing profitably, and these are non-tangible
 component of the of the of the of the solidity part to which we are using in
 in case of increase of value, for example, as we did in these nine months,
 For example, transform a little bit the risk appetite in our investment portfolio slightly
 increasing, for example, the equity or adjusting for some private debt speed as well on corporate
 in order to clearly extract more also running results
 on the S3 part and not only on the value part.
 The combination of these coupled for sure with a higher sensitivity to government bonds
 and compare to other cases, we will bring us to stay within this range, which is allowing
 as to operate at the best within the interest of maximizing the creation of value for the
 notwithstanding our approach towards the capital early planning.
 So clearly it is a tailor-made suite against the generally structure.
 Once the capital structure could change, and in case this is changing, then we could adjust.
 But with this structure, I think this is also the good way
 to operate and navigate.
 I just take the case, don't forget that we need to be resilient
 and our corridor allowed us to stay well within,
 even during the COVID crisis,
 which is again a proof point of the need to manage this in this way.
 Fantastic. Thank you, Shai.
 Next question, please.
 The next question is from Sudarshan Bhutra with Societé Générale. Please go ahead.
 Hi, good afternoon.
 One question from my side.
 Could you provide some color on the 0.2% non-life opinion growth that you reported?
 Basically, you know, some color on the price and environment in your key market like Italy
 and what is...
 What is driving the 5% optimum growth in motor line and 6% in the non-motor line?
 Thank you
 So, I think that I give you some driver on the growth of the different premium by the
 equal South Florida College
 jobs.
 And you observe a good growth of opinion in Italy, France,
 in Europe and Russia as well in the international area, it is also slightly positive in Germany
 all over the board. The best growing factories in Italy, don't forget that there is a growth
 of both the component global corporate commercial,
 which is playing as a hub for the group.
 And this is a very profitable 15% premium increase business
 observed so far on the on that line plus the growth of the new motor and the other
 However, good growth, which we are observing in France, is a pricing driven in the non-motor
 and...
 environment, plus some growth of the health lines, and as well a good development in the
 and motor segment thanks also to the contribution of partnership and the feeds and as well
 as well, at still a good price in momentum.
 In Germany, we have as well a growth slightly lower because the country is a little bit
 less on an increase in price environment, but still observing, as I said before, a better
 frequency, even in motor, in 2020.
 Austria, St. Vincent, Europe, and Russia are growing well, both in the motor and in the
 on motor and this is driving a good, a very good growth in what you know is our most profitable
 region.
 Then there are developments in the international which are also driven by the inflation, for
 example, in Argentina, which we have the number one operator on the motor market, which is
 clearly effected also by this kind of effect.
 Here is a kind of anatomy of the plus six for the group.
 I hope I gave you some trend.
 Yes.
 OK.
 And you may be...
 Can you just follow up, please?
 Sorry, so basically, could you just do it some more?
 follow on the person line in Italy basically and you know what is the pricing and the output
 of profitability in the personal line motor business in particular in Italy.
 Sorry, just to be clear, you're asking for detail in particular with regard to motor
 in Italy pricing and profitability.
 Yes.
 Is that correct?
 and correct, correct.
 Thank you very much.
 It's a personalized motor, isn't it?
 Yes.
 So, what we are...
 serving as a pricing trend in Italy is that the average premium is getting close to a
 a tipping point from the point of view of we are not observing anymore a decrease of the
 average premium quarter over quarter.
 so we could reach the so-called tipping point.
 And this is also coherent, what we are observing exogenously as a market which could turn less
 of a soft vanities now in the future.
 regarding profitability.
 I still recall you, but we have a lower than 2019 frequency environment with a controlled
 the claim environment on the claim severity and let's say the average claim cost, so which
 is still bringing a good level of profitability.
 What I would like to highlight in the motor business in Italy, we are, as a general, especially
 growing also thanks to the so-called motor other damages.
 So the non-TPL part of the motor, which is extremely positive from the point of view
 of the segment, clearly with a higher acquisition cost ratio, but it is worth the case to pay
 and to get back.
 And this is also thanks to the big agreement we had with the Fiat-Kleiser automobile.
 Next question, please.
 The next question is from Steven Haywood with HSBC.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Just one question from me.
 It's on the Italian Competition Regulator, the AGCM, and has there been any update from
 on them with regards to the investigation looking
 between writing shares and price comparison websites.
 Do you have any knowledge about any potential implications or is there a timeline when this
 …
 the regulator will come out with some conclusions and can you remind me which subsidiary of
 Generali and Katolica are included within this investigation.
 Yes
 First of all, to my knowledge, there are no specific conclusion out of that and from
 the antitrust authority and so nothing to highlight the specific and the company which
 which was in that analysis was our direct company,
 Thanks for everything from Cattolica.
 I'm not sure and not to my knowledge so far.
 Okay, thank you.
 Next question please.
 The next question is a follow-up from Michael Hopner with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much.
 It was just one question on private equity.
 Could you give us the amount invested in private equity,
 just the total amount. I was looking at your slides and I see a figure of 10 billion full
 tentative equity, but I'm not sure if that's all private equity.
 Yes.
 I think that on the full private equity amount,
 We should expect something which is, when I gave you the number,
 It was including the hedge fund, the full alternative equity.
 So the private equity, you should expect something more
 in the order of 8 billion euro as full asset class private equity as of year end 21.
 according to the actual market.
 evaluation.
 That's, that's, that's, that's.
 And may I ask a really cheaply cheap follow-up?
 If you have a figure for cash, I'm holding.
 I did.
 Yeah, or any kind of indication of how the cash upstreaming is going. Thank you
 Thank you for the cheap, Michael, so I would like to recall, sir, I think you should focus
 on two things. The first one is the one billion euro number which I gave you which is the
 cash available for capital redeployment.
 Don't forget that we paid on the 20th of October the second tranche of the famous 2019
 So this is a close story for us as well.
 Having said that, there is money put aside for the Malaysia deal, which is in the order
 the 300 million euro and at the same time don't forget that we are operating with a liquidity
 buffer, which we wanted to take in an uncertain environment, and this buffer always, we said,
 have been between 500 million euro and one billion and we are operating at the higher
 end of this now. On top of that, there is the usual Treasury cash, which is not cash
 available for redeployment.
 It is more for internal optimization and use.
 So you should focus on these sources for your estimation.
 Thank you.
 Next question please.
 The next question is a follow-up from Sudarshan Bhutra with the Societe General.
 Thank you for taking my question again.
 Just a very brief one of
 So, can you just to write some comments on, you know, the potential life backbook deals?
 I mean, what are the, are there any views in the pipeline, and what are you looking at?
 So just some color on that would be great.
 Thank you very much.
 Yes.
 I owe a completion of the previous question
 for the reference for micro, but all the analysts and investors
 connected, we completed the remittance plan for 2021.
 So all subsidiaries are streamed.
 So there is the completion also of the 2021 plan.
 Just going on your question.
 Clearly, we are unaware among the first spectrum
 a very large transaction. I recall you that we did the general labor in Germany, which
 is basically unleashed the potential to grow in Germany in a much more profitable way and
 to put in the company on a much safer trajectory.
 And this is always the way we are looking and analyzing our business.
 We already commented with the market, our group many times explained as well, but we
 lead a forward analysis on all books. We have many set of options, list around this, and
 the levels would be multiple and clearly we are always looking in a proactive way around
 in this.
 I think we also give more information around our strategy in December 15 in the state.
 All right, thank you
 Operator, I believe there are no more questions in the queue. Can you please confirm that?
 I confirm there are no more questions at this time.
 So that is the case, I thank everyone on the call and I look forward to hear from everyone
 as investors, they will be virtual still and not physical, so we will look forward to hear
 from you on December 15th.
 Thank you very much.
 much ladies and gentlemen thank you for joining the conference is now over you
 may disconnect your telephones.