 Ladies and gentlemen, good evening.
 We are gathered to review indirectly, since we are on Zoom, the results for the year 2021.
 one. I apologise for being on Zoom.
 Last year, we
 You're already on Zoom.
 and I hope that next year this pandemic will have left us once and for all
 and we will be able to work in our presence.
 It's a very pleasant meeting.
 The results are pretty good, as you can see.
 In 2021, we achieved pretty good growth because revenue has reached almost 64 billion and profit from recurring operations over 17 billion euros.
 Now, this performance is all the more remarkable, I believe, that the year 2021 was heavily affected by the global pandemic.
 Let me add that in terms of the results, we've achieved a remarkable level of operating free cash flow exceeding 13 billion euros.
 His growth was strong, especially in Asia and in the United States, and it gradually
 recovered
 in Europe towards the end
 of 2021
 And in fact, we saw an acceleration of growth in Q4 because in our fashion and leather goods business, for example, we saw year annual organic growth on the year of 47 percent.
 And in Q4, a growth versus 20, 19, 51 percent.
 So that really is a high point of the year 2021 is the expansion of our fashion and leather goods business.
 And we can also note, and I'll return to that, the successful integration of Tiffany that also has achieved a very remarkable performance during the course of 2021.
 Online sales continued to grow. The development of online sales with the pandemic were particularly sustained.
 And the only area that remains a bit more challenging is everything that concerns international travel that haven't resumed yet.
 I don't believe that they will
 fully resume
 before the year 2023 or possibly even 2024.
 and Sefra that was quite affected during the course of the year 2021 rebounded well last year.
 before looking at the businesses, a few words about our commitments and progress achieved
 both on CSR and environment that we track particularly closely.
 we've
 conducted some
 major programs
 to
 respect each one's
 dignity and individuality.
 71% of women in the group's towport work, 65% of whom occupy managerial positions.
 arraigned and qualified since its creation a few years back.
 We're also supporting the safety and well-being of our employees.
 percent of Maison's houses have allowed employees to work flexible hours, part-time working,
 remote working, and we commit to supporting individuals in difficulty,
 and we've assisted several hundred thousand during the course of the year.
 as regards our
 commitment for the environment.
 I would like to mention creative circularity, that is, the recycling of our materials.
 30% of our materials are now recycled, and in packaging in particular,
 We have an objective of reaching 70% by 2030.
 30. Biodiversity
 Very important, 640,000 hectares of fauna and flora habitat have been regenerated with an objective of 5 million by 2026.
 traceability and our
 vineyards
 in our supplies
 of raw materials, cotton, leather, gold.
 We have equipped our various value chains with a dedicated traceability system
 with a target of achieving 100% by 2030.
 Lastly, the climate. Well, we have this life 360 carbon trajectory, and we are pursuing that very actively.
 Turning now to the various business groups.
 Firstly, wines and spirits with very sustained demand, both for champagne and cognac.
 So strong, in fact, as regards the shipments that we are allocating to several regions,
 There's very strong demand in the U.S. and Europe for champagne with the gradual reopening
 of restaurants, resumption of tourism in Japan that is still like travel retail impacted
 by COVID.
 things were slightly more difficult
 Firstly, in Europe and in the U.S., very successful there.
 and the rapid growth of our rosé wines, in particular Château d'Esclant.
 I'd also mention the first integration of Armand Brignac, 50% of which was acquired by the group in partnership with Jay-Z.
 also worth noting
 the fact that
 Ruinard
 Rosé in 2004, Magnum was ranked by Champagne and Sparkling Wine World Championship was designated the best champagne in the world.
 It's absolutely extraordinary.
 I invite you to taste it if you can find some
 Of course, unfortunately, there won't be any drinks offered today after this reception.
 We hope to be able to organize that next year.
 But that was wonderful.
 Likewise for cognac, supplies that are still below global demand.
 So, sales that are strongly up, but as I say, limited by these supply constraints.
 We've opened a great many dedicated stores in a number of Asian countries,
 notably on Hainan Island, where we're selling directly.
 And we've also seen rapid progress for Glenmorangie, an absolutely remarkable whiskey and aardbeck that received the Master Distiller Prize for the fifth consecutive year.
 year. Moving out
 fashion and leather goods
 Well, fashion and leather goods, as you've seen the figures for that,
 Jean-Jacques Guigny will be discussing those in a moment.
 remarkable success. Credit where credit is due. First and foremost, Louis Vuitton, remarkable
 performance
 buoyed by
 regular, ongoing
 innovation and Louis Vuitton
 It's far more than just a fashion company.
 In fact, it's not a fashion company.
 It's a culturally creative company that reaches out to a very important customer base,
 The most important, Gen Z, very much fans of Louis Vuitton through to a more mature customer base
 because Louis Vuitton is a company that is involved in many aspects of cultural life.
 If I would mention the latest fashion show that we attended last week,
 the tribute fashion show
 in memory of Virgil Abloh, who passed away sadly last November
 where that fashion show, it was far more than a fashion show.
 It wasn't really a fashion show.
 Of course, there were garments, products, shoes, leather goods, also music, images, an orchestra.
 Brother was the conductor that he himself had chosen, had picked before passing away.
 He wasn't expecting that, but this lead conductor, Gustave Euglien, who now is the conductor of the Paris Opera, that is the spirit of Louis Vuitton.
 It's not just a fashion brand.
 It's a cultural brand with a global audience.
 That's why we can say that Louis Vuitton is very much apart from what we see in the various magazines that talk about fashion.
 we could return to that but
 in any event demands very strong
 And the result, thanks to very dynamic teams, thanks to designers, as was Virgil,
 as is Nicolas Gisquier, really provide wonderful ideas taking this brand from success to success
 whilst attracting the youngest as well as the most mature of our customer segments in the world.
 Of course, we also have Christian Dior, that is a very different brand.
 brand, it's a brand that
 is a Couture
 brand that has
 very remarkable, has been very remarkable in its success
 since the two designers, Maria Grazi, Kiori and Kim Jones, are designing it
 and are really giving life to the spirit of Christian Joe.
 Kim Jong-un's latest show was a perfect illustration of Monsieur Dior, of his style, his elegance, his refinement.
 and it was very interesting because during that
 fashion show. Mr.
 Mr. Gio was speaking.
 we managed to get him to speak
 during the fashion show
 It was both moving and instructive.
 I want the details of everything that Dior does.
 It's remarkable. It's magnificent.
 the Maison Dior of Avenue Montaigne that was chosen
 in 1947 by Monsieur Dior.
 But he said, I'm going to establish my shop there and nowhere else will be reopening as of early March this year.
 and I invite you all to come and visit it.
 I believe it will be an unforgettable event under the figures.
 Well, we won't go into the detail of the figures, but thanks to the management teams of that company,
 I would say that they are truly dynamic, and whilst being contained, they have delivered remarkable growth.
 Now, there are other brands in fashion and leather goods.
 Fendi. Big success
 from day one
 but accentuated since the arrival of Kim Jong,
 not only producing great shows, the Couture in Paris and others,
 such as the bag here, which is the medal first,
 and it's on a waiting list just about everywhere.
 Céline, our
 But exceptional brand with a very talented designer, Hedi Sliman,
 that is created ready-to-wear lines that are very successful.
 And during the pandemic, he produced films, stage films of his shows, all very original.
 they're all very successful
 and today
 Celine is one of the brands
 that has the highest growth rate of all the world's fashion brands in my view.
 l'European, l'OEV,
 two, I won't go into the
 Detail, great brand, growing strong with J.W. Anderson, great many products there, both fashion, leather goods, ready to work.
 I won't go to the detail.
 Maybe just to indicate that we have a new designer at Kenzo.
 The great Japanese artistic director, Nigo, and the first show was held this past weekend.
 And moving to perfumes and cosmetics, also strong growth, strong growth of perfume and skin care, firstly at Christian Gere.
 Well, it's the perfume, extraordinary success in 2021.
 The Sauvage line becomes the world's leading fragrance, not just for men, but also beating all the existing women's perfumes.
 It's the first time it's happened in the perfume universe.
 That's extraordinary success of this Sauvage perfume.
 and I invite you all to test it.
 Furthermore, the Misture fragrance, the J'adore perfume, continue to grow strongly,
 and we've launched several new variations in the La Collection Privée that is very successful.
 We've got the Rouge Dior, the world's number one lipstick,
 and the very strong performance of skin care lines, be it Prestige, Captur, and L'Art de Vie.
 I won't go into the detail of that either.
 second
 a French brand that's very successful, Guerlain,
 growth in its skin care
 of
 orchidées impériales
 an abbey royal
 and many perfume
 successes with its
 Haute Parfumerie
 l'art et la matière
 and aqua allegoria.
 Other smaller brands, such as Givenchy, Benefit, Fresh, Maison, Curdian, Aqua di Parma,
 and a new house that has just joined the group, small but magnificent,
 now called
 officine
 universel bully
 Headed up.
 Founded handamen.
 and Victoire de Kayak, renowned for very creative products inspired by the great French tradition
 and an aesthetic design of their boutiques that's quite original and extremely inspiring.
 Moving on to watches and jewellery, well, the high point, the event of the year was the integration of Tiffany that achieved a record year, a very considerable success of its products, of its iconic lines.
 It's the T line, the knot line, the hardware line, plus the lines created by that famous French Jean Schlumberger
 that are absolutely remarkable that have been relaunched
 and that a very successful Tiffany achieved a record year.
 It's interesting to note that Tiffany delivered strong growth.
 Even though it's flagship, its leading store was closed for the year because of renovation work during the year.
 the renovation work
 was started
 before we acquired it, and that flagship is set to renew, to reopen at the end of the
 several hundred million dollars in revenue.
 It beat its revenue record, both in revenue and profit.
 at Bulgari.
 There may be questions on that.
 Bulgari was very successful in its stores.
 it seeks to
 concentrate now
 as Tiffany is doing all its jewellery sales in its own stores
 and numerous
 The psychonic lines continued to grow.
 and serpentises
 the DVAR lines, et cetera.
 I would also mention the fact that the watch model, very, very fine watch, Octo Finissimo, achieved the Aiguidor grand prize in Switzerland.
 That's a very prestigious accolade for a watch brand.
 Next, in the watches and jewellery, Tag Heuer continued to grow,
 cementing a major successful partnership with Porsche.
 It's the watch that I'm wearing here, the Carrera Porsche watch, wonderful watch.
 it's so successful
 that it's difficult to find, and they teamed up with various ambassadors,
 including Ryan Gosling, the famous actor,
 and have also teamed up with the new Formula One champion
 who won
 the last Grand Prix
 and is world champion.
 Red, a jewellery company that I know well because a while back it was led by my sister,
 who unfortunately is no longer with us today, but that company is rebounding with a great team
 and is offering products that are extremely attractive and interesting.
 Show me.
 Well, Shumir needs no introduction.
 Again, a very fine jewellery brand.
 the oldest of the place
 Vendôme began
 working for the
 for
 Napoleon and the Emperor
 So it has an absolutely remarkable legacy, history, and that is growing, very successful in a number of countries, including Japan.
 Japan, and
 we believe that
 the prospects very good
 And lastly, Zenith.
 Senators this year launched several watches that met with considerable success.
 There was the Diffie watch, and this year they launched the Chronomaster Sport
 that received the chronograph watch prize at the Grand Prix of Geneva.
 selective retailing
 Well, I'll skip over DFS.
 It's very difficult to get that company to operate when they're in travel retail in the airports
 where there are no travelers thanks to the teams were able to limit the difficulties in 2020 it
 lost quite a bit of money.
 It lost a lot less
 this year, a little,
 but I think that
 as soon as travel picks up again, but I don't think that's going to happen soon.
 it's expected
 to pick up strongly.
 Sefra, there's the rebound thanks to the dynamism of the teams,
 the success of
 Sephora in the U.S. and their online sales.
 So Sefora has rebounded strongly, reaching a very significant level of revenue not far from its record
 and operating profit in several hundred million
 and is very good
 in terms of the
 current climate where even
 during the year 21 a number of
 stores were closed.
 Let's mention in closing this presentation the two major Parisian stores.
 We have Le Bon Marché, continued dynamic growth that is off to a good start since the recovery and the reopening,
 because Le Bon Marché was closed several occasions during the past two years
 and the launch of La Samaritaine, which is a wonderful store.
 and that is
 getting off to a good start.
 That all goes well, even if we don't have the expected tourists for Parisian department stores,
 And that's the case for all department stores for 2022.
 the outlook
 I believe that
 if
 The economic climate continues as it did in January, is expected to be promising.
 The numbers for January confirm growth at the same pace at the end of last year.
 It got off to a good start.
 Nevertheless, we need to remain vigilant.
 Everyone's talking about inflation.
 That's interesting because the leading experts and specialists, various Nobel Prize winners, have very differing views.
 So I'm saying, well, inflation, it's a return to inflation like in the 80s.
 It'll be difficult to stop it.
 It will have to constantly increase interest rates.
 it will penalise
 the economy, a very bleak picture.
 There are others who are equally legitimate and reputed.
 Some also Nobel Prize winners, some saying that it's transitory and wants the bottleneck created in the global economy by the exit from the pandemic.
 We know the problems in supply chains and ports where we can't unload the containers, et cetera.
 So once all that is resolved, inflation will calm down and things will resume normally.
 I can't tell you that I favor one or other of the explanations, but those are the two that we have heard and listened to.
 What I believe is that the group in an inflation situation is a group that is used to weathering economic crises.
 I'm not forecasting an economic crisis.
 I don't expect such an economic crisis.
 we've just gone through two very
 challenging years
 I rather think that things will continue to improve,
 But we have an advantage on quite a few other companies and groups, which is that we have a degree of flexibility on our prices.
 So in the face of inflation, we have the ways and means to react.
 and I believe that demand will remain strong for our products.
 That's what we're seeing currently.
 Nevertheless, we are vigilant. We're continuing our management efforts.
 We're confident thanks to our values, our creativity, constant quest for quality, the spirit of enterprise, the entrepreneurial spirit that motivates everyone.
 It's one company.
 manufacturing sites
 in France are part of the family.
 They are
 viewed as such. We look after
 them, we motivate
 them such that they want to
 remain with us and they have long
 term motivation I think that
 That also accounts for the group's successes that were not to seek results for the quarter,
 but results
 over several dozen years
 That's why a brand such as Vuitton Dior is so successful, because in our discussions, we're not just we never look just at the results for the next quarter.
 So we realize and we have in mind that these fabulous brands
 continue to increase
 their desirability
 over a period of several
 decades
 And lastly, in our values, commitment, environment, corporate responsibility in particular.
 Over to Jean-Jacques Guigny, who unfortunately can't join us here, but will speak from his office because he's tested positive for COVID.
 but even if he doesn't have many symptoms
 You know all.
 Thank you.
 Well, you know…
 Thank you.
 So, good evening, everyone.
 everyone, so I'll give you
 some details on the
 remarkable
 financial performance that Mr. Arnaud outlined. On this slide, you have the numbers that are
 record numbers, $64 billion in revenue, $17 billion in profit from recurring operations,
 operations, 13 billion in operating free cash flow, operating margin 26 percent.
 Of course, this is a recovery from last year, which had suffered the pandemic, but even from the year before that.
 Let's start with the revenue.
 This is a rather tedious picture, but it shows our sales, the organic and the structure.
 impact, two benchmarks, that is
 2020 and 2019.
 Let's start with 2020 organic growth, 36%.
 And, of course, there's a – plus a structural impact at plus 10 percent vis-à-vis 2020.
 And the currency effect, only 2 percent it had.
 It was stronger in the first half of the year and became positive in the second half.
 So all in all, not much of a currency in effect in 2021.
 one.
 So the that gives us a growth of 44 percent compared to 2020.
 Now, it's more significant if you move back to 2019.
 we have 14% organic growth
 compared with 2019.
 Now, we'll return to that figure in the following slides.
 And this shows that the pandemic and the 2020 crisis is behind us.
 we offset as it were
 the decline of 2020
 and over two years we are registering growth.
 Let's look at organic growth compared with 2019 and 2020.
 2020. 2021 compared to 2020, let's not go back to Q1 because it's an easy comparison
 because there was a pandemic the year before.
 but in
 Q3 and
 fall, the situation had normalised
 And yet compared with that, we are 24 percent up, which is quite significant.
 We were not in the trough of the first half of the year with the shops closed down,
 and yet we were up 24%.
 What is significant is, compared to 2019, up until the end of September, we were looking at 11 percent growth, 11 percent in H1 and in Q3, and then Q4, significant growth, 22 percent.
 and so we're looking at
 14% compared with
 2019 and still
 compared with 2019, I can't resist
 the pleasure of showing the figures
 of fashion and leather goods
 It's quite dramatic, quite remarkable.
 we're looking at
 fashion and leather goods
 we're looking at 42% above 2019, and there was no slowdown at the end of the year
 because in Q4 we were at 51% above the same period in 2019.
 so let's look at
 a distribution of revenue per business line.
 usually
 well it's not
 as
 as spectacular, but the first country
 now is
 The United States with 26%, two points, two percent points.
 The first region is Asia, 35% of sales, up five points in two years.
 and these five points and two points
 were taken away from Europe, which was down seven points, seven percentage points in a matter of two years.
 Well, you have several things.
 tourism was down in Europe
 And that was accounted for a significant part of the business.
 And that was transferred to Asia and North America.
 Now, back to the
 geographical areas and looking at the development quarter-on-quarter,
 starting with the United States then.
 In the U.S., you look at the last bar on the right, we were up 25 percent, so it's a remarkable performance in the U.S.
 We're comparing with 2019.
 It's a two-year growth, and it's compared with 2019, 25%.
 And if you look at the quarters, quarter after quarter, we're looking at growth anywhere between 15 and 30 percent.
 some volatility, but that calls for
 no special comments. So steady growth
 and significant in the United States.
 Japan had an overall growth of 5% over the year.
 you shouldn't consider
 Q4 as an isolated
 growth because
 on the basis of 2019
 you had an increase of VAT
 in Q1
 2019. So that upset the
 up a card. But if we look at the first
 half in the second half of the year. First half
 we were at minus 3
 in H2 plus 13
 So growth accelerated considerably in the second half.
 Asia, of course, is the record because we're looking at an overall growth of 30%.
 You can see this on the last bar for Asia, 31%, up 31%.
 All quarters were good.
 And so we were anywhere between 25% and 40% quarter on quarter.
 Now Europe is a more challenging story, and we mentioned this before.
 it's a more difficult situation
 but here we can draw the lessons
 We're looking at an upwards run.
 We were at minus 18, then minus 15, then minus 6% in Q3, and then plus 1% in Q4.
 So we were not back to the pre-crisis levels, but we're still below.
 but there is a steady improvement
 and we can be proud of this because
 it means that our people were able to make up for the absence of tourists.
 instead of that we have local customers
 And that is much more of a challenge because looking for new customers is no easy task when all the usual clients have gone.
 Now, looking at the various business lines, then, the 14 percent, which is an organic growth compared with 2019,
 if you look
 at all the business lines
 we are doing better
 than 2019 except for selective retailing
 And even then, even then, we're looking at travel retail, as Mr. Arno said,
 and DFS is, of course, in tourist areas in Asia that have completely ground to a halt,
 where Sephora, back in 2021, went back over its level, its performance of 2019,
 So a fine performance by Sephora, but, of course, challenges remain at DFS, and you know all about that.
 Regarding wines and spirits growth, almost double-digit growth driven by champagne and cognac in the United States and in China, by the way, fashion and leather goods I mentioned earlier on, up 42 percent compared to 2019.
 you have the performance of all brands
 including Vuitton and Diorbeton, not only them,
 L'OEV, CELINE,
 L'Europeana, Fendi of course
 so all the brands have
 performed extremely well
 and they are very much, of course, they are driving the growth.
 perfumes and cosmetics
 are back to the level of 2019
 and watches and jewelry.
 Here we're looking at organic rhythm.
 We're not looking at the consolidation of Tiffany.
 at 7% compared to 2019.
 so that is of course
 that fashion and leather goods were
 the main driver
 now looking at the same thing but this time
 quarter by quarter to see what happened
 the performance was relatively
 stable.
 again for
 wine and spirits, fashion and leather goods
 as I mentioned, up 42% with 51% in Q4.
 perfumes and cosmetics
 back to their levels of 2019
 in watches and jewelry
 there is an acceleration
 of growth
 at the end of the year largely attributable to
 Bulgaria because Tiffany is in the scope effect, in the structure impact.
 So growth picked up mostly in Q4.
 That's the retail business of Bulgaria, fine performance.
 And selective retailing, of course, all in all, we're in the red at minus 18 percent.
 But Q4 is reaching, is getting back to the levels of 2019.
 for Sephora we were ahead of 2019
 The DFS is still lagging behind, but we're getting close to the 2019 number.
 So this is very encouraging.
 And then for the second half of this presentation, looking at the profit I showed here, you have the income statement.
 Well, the first line is revenue.
 So that was already discussed.
 On gross margin, what I can tell you is 2021, we're looking at 68.5% of sales.
 I won't compare it with 2019, but we're looking at 2.3 percentage points above 2019,
 And that is a pretty stable indicator when you have 0.4, 0.5%.
 it's already pretty good
 And here you're looking at 2.3 percentage points.
 So a remarkable performance.
 expenses are always a bit complicated
 especially because there's the scope effect with Tiffany
 but if you leave out the currency
 effect and the scope effect is quite
 simple expenses last year
 operating expenses were down
 14% compared to 2019
 which was in itself a good performance looking at a significant headwind.
 And here they were up, well, expenses were up 20%, which tends to reason because, of course, business grew.
 but over two years expenses
 not including currency
 and scope
 are 5%.
 That's up 5%, but sales were up 14%, not including scope or currency, and gross margin was up 2%.
 You have the financial equation of LVMH in 2021 led to a current operating profit of recurring operation of upwards of one billion,
 up 50% compared to
 2019
 and of course
 100% compared to the previous year.
 Well, this may not be significant, but it's still quite good to see that the profits are so up.
 operating margin
 stands at
 at
 27%.
 So all the numbers are good, including the gross margin.
 But, of course, we have the successful integration of Tiffany, and, of course, that made a big difference.
 looking at the income statement
 well, it's less exciting
 but other
 operating income
 an extent is almost nil
 because some gains made up for losses on intangible assets.
 income tax
 Well, they were up, but the tax rate was slightly down to about 26 percent.
 so that was a positive effect
 And so all in all, we have a net profit of 12 billion euros, which is unprecedented in the group, up 68 percent compared to 2019.
 So in terms of net profit, this is a remarkable performance.
 So now let's look at a profit from recurring operation at $17 billion, going line by line again.
 Now, you start with wines and spirits, up 8% compared to 2019.
 this is more than
 the growth in revenue so we can
 certainly be pleased with that. Fashion and leather
 good. A remarkable
 performance because we're looking here
 in 2021
 we're above
 the performance of 2019
 which in itself was pretty good
 we're looking at
 plus 75%
 improvement
 which speaks for itself
 perfumes is cosmetics
 back to the 2019
 level, watches and jewelry
 they are above the previous years
 but there's a scope effect
 But not only that, because Bulgaria achieved outstanding numbers in 2021, way above 2019.
 So these brands did extremely well.
 in
 2021
 and that was completed by Tag Heuer
 and Hublot and indeed Zenith
 We don't often mention that Zenith also had a remarkable performance in 2021.
 2021. Regarding selective
 retailing,
 We were losing money last year.
 But now we're back to in the black.
 and that is
 well DFS
 losses were compared
 were offset by the profits generated by Sephirah.
 So we're still in the red, but all in all, this is quite a performance, considering the circumstances.
 Now, if we look at how we move from organic growth, organic growth from structural impact and currency,
 well organic growth is the main factor
 the main structural impact was Tiffany
 because Stephanie brought in
 $800 million in profit last year.
 it was
 it used to be
 level of EBIT
 and
 a bit
 Now it's EBIT at 800 million.
 So this is remarkable.
 and in 20 years this is the first time
 we have no currency effect
 We didn't play around.
 this is really zero
 And so we have a 50 percent increase in profit from recurring operations compared with 2019.
 and if we look at
 the profits from recurring operations
 year on year, if you look
 at half years, we had
 a 53% improvement in H2, 44% in H1 compared to the same period in 2019,
 and all and all we're looking at the
 49%
 improvement.
 so if you look at the financial results
 well we have
 a significant net financial debt
 and I will give details about that.
 and yet we generated a negative cost of that financial debt,
 that is an income, that is the paradox
 of negative interest rates
 The interest of lease liabilities, well, this is accretion expense,
 And that means because you have leases that shouldn't be there but are there on this line.
 And thank God it's stable year on year.
 The hedges, currency hedges, the cost of derivatives, slightly down, but this is a cyclical situation.
 it will be back in
 2022 to the levels of 2020.
 And
 the fair value adjustment
 available for sale
 financial assets
 and that is
 the variation of the value of our portfolio of financial investments, 500 million.
 Last year, there was no changes in the value.
 We were more or less stable, but now it's up 500 million.
 the value is up this year.
 But, of course, these are unrealized capital gains.
 we didn't actually sell off these assets
 we don't turn
 our portfolio around
 so just because
 this unrealized capital gain doesn't mean
 who will sell these, dispose of these properties.
 And then cash, well, when you have negative interest rates, we might as well invest it elsewhere.
 and that investment was profitable.
 In 2021, we were able, therefore, to generate a 500 million gain.
 Regarding the balance sheet, that's pretty stable.
 Well, we have the consolidation of Tiffany, which brought in some debt,
 about 13 billion of intangible assets between the brand and the Goodwill,
 but equity still
 accounts for about four
 percent of
 of the whole line.
 if
 you're going to 125 billion
 40% in total equity is not
 bad. Now looking at
 the cash flow
 and that is
 significantly looking at 13.5 billion cash flow over the year that the previous record
 was 6.2 billion the year before.
 this is a significant
 improvement. No, the payment
 of taxes in 2021 for 2020.
 well that brought in some cash
 There was operational investment in H1, which was not as high as in previous years.
 years. And, of course, there was an increase in activity in business, in revenue, which
 generates an increase in revenue.
 more cash.
 we can't expect
 the same results next year
 but that improvement, nonetheless, is quite remarkable.
 looking at the debt
 position and I'll look
 more closely at the last two items
 on the next slide. Debt is
 high. It's still below
 10 billion, having
 acquired, made
 an acquisition of 16 billion
 that year. So we worked hard
 to bring that debt down
 It's above what we had in 2017 after the acquisition of Dior Couture, but we are close enough to that level.
 And on the next slide, you have the explanation for the change in the debt position.
 So you had the debt level in 2020, at end 2020, and at end 2021 on the right-hand side.
 So what happened?
 We invested $13 billion in, well, mostly it was Tiffany, available operating free cash flow was also $13.5 billion.
 So it's as if we offset the acquisition of Tiffany with the cash flow.
 It's not quite true because there were dividends and other things.
 But, I mean, on the picture, it looks pretty convincing.
 then there were dividends paid.
 That's 4 billion.
 That includes shareholders of LVMH, but also minority interests, including MUET NC, plus taxes.
 So we're looking at 4 billion cash out and then various others that we had buyback of shares and technical things.
 I won't get into the detail of that
 But that's why the net financial debt was short of $10 billion, which is not bad considering the amount of acquisitions in that year.
 And then to complete, a few words about the dividends,
 What we will propose to the AGM in April, 10 euros per share, a dividend of 10 euros.
 This is a significant growth, but it is in line with the improvement in the net performance, net profits.
 Thank you for your attention.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we're now available to answer a few questions.
 if you have any
 If that's the case, I'll ask you to kindly introduce yourself.
 Antoine Belge for the first question.
 Yes, good afternoon. I hope you can hear me from BNP Paribas.
 and three questions, if I may.
 First of all, we saw the surprise since the start of COVID is this extraordinary growth with U.S. and European customers.
 Because if we look at the figures in Europe, Europe was up in Q4 with no tourists, at least no Chinese visitors.
 That means that the French, Italian customers have grown strongly.
 What are the drivers behind this growth and to what extent would you say they are cyclical and what are the more structural strengths?
 Second question, margins have grown strongly.
 or the certain divisions
 where there's a need perhaps to reinvest a bit more
 or due
 consider that there's sort of a new
 normal on the margins
 that we've seen.
 And thirdly, more specifically, on wines and spirits with dip of the margin in the second half of the factors to account for that.
 Thanks.
 well
 to answer your first question
 as regards growth with U.S. and European customers.
 It's difficult, really, to draw general conclusions from that.
 I think that these customers are becoming increasingly selective and really show a priority for a number of brands that offer more.
 And that's what I said earlier with Vuitton offering more than just fashion.
 Vuitton sells culture to the Americans and to Europeans.
 at Vriton.
 We offer far more
 than just fashion.
 We have, for example, the Vuitton Foundation.
 I don't know if you've been able to visit the show that's currently there that's remarkably successful.
 but we just topped the 800,000 visitor mark.
 I mean, we can't – you can't generalize when we look at what's happening elsewhere.
 where there are a number of brands, including the brands of the LVMH group, are somewhat
 different in terms of their
 development with their clientele
 than others.
 And then there are markets.
 their markets as
 Mr. Grioni said earlier
 where we have
 greatly developed
 customer
 relations with
 local
 customers
 And so there were previously visitors were extremely numerous in European countries and in the U.S.
 those
 numerous
 customers. I won't say
 were pervasive
 but were very present in certain stores.
 when they
 gradually
 disappeared
 Well, we were able to replace that thanks to a focus on proximity relations, the fact that the appeal of our brands is quite special, Louis Vuitton, Christian Dior, and the others.
 And so it's, I would say, something that is set to last and that we're developing.
 And, in fact, we don't expect the Asian visitors to return any time soon.
 I think that Asian visitors will remain quite far from Europe, the U.S., at least for this year.
 It was already absent last year.
 we saw that it didn't prevent
 our brands from
 operating well
 So, selectivity and, I would say, great devotion by our sales forces and our ambassadors with local customers.
 Now, Mr. Grioni, on the margins and the calculations, maybe you could say a word.
 Yes, well, what I can tell you is that we have to watch things pretty carefully.
 members of the executive committee
 are attending this
 Zoom discussions, so we are looking
 very carefully at margin
 levels.
 no person
 in charge.
 except – expects us to go back to previous margin levels.
 So we're looking here at something that is sustainable, at least in the context we expect to find in the years to come.
 As to your last question, Antoine, about wines and spirits in H2, we have this almost year on year.
 This is a traditional cyclicality.
 we have a certain number of bottles
 available in H1
 And when demand is greater than supply, well, there tends to be H1 higher than in H2 in terms of top line.
 But then, of course, in marketing expenses and advertising, it's the other way around.
 we spend less
 in H1
 than in H2
 except for the Chinese New Year.
 So there is a disconnect between sales that are high in H1 and lower in H2
 and expenses higher in H1 than in H2.
 So there's the scissors effect that you note for the profit margin.
 We have another question from
 Erwin Rambo.
 Erwin.
 No, Erwin Rambo from HSBC from New York.
 and thank you for this presentation
 and congratulations on the performance
 If I may, we have a couple of questions and a third one.
 The first point on China and the risk that China must remain closed off
 for the next couple of years.
 What are the implications in terms of expenses?
 We have, well, when the Chinese travel, they tend to spend more than at home,
 but that may not necessarily be the case
 the Chinese ecosystem
 being locked
 down as it were or locked up
 do you see more expenses
 Is it simply because prices are higher or there's more cross-selling?
 what do you expect
 The second question is about inflation.
 There are a number of brands within the group, but indeed outside the group as well,
 that have increased their prices significantly.
 do you think
 it is realistic
 Is there a risk of going too far in terms of pricing, of increasing the prices too much?
 And then to respond to Jean-Jacques, well, of course, you have the cash flow more or less
 being equal to the price of Tiffany.
 but do you have
 priorities in terms of
 possible future consolidations
 in wanted spirit
 or cosmetics
 or, I mean, are there any gaps that need to be filled for the group?
 MR.
 Regarding our Chinese customers, as we told you in the presentation,
 Maybe it was Jean-Jacques who mentioned this, but we found in 2021 that our Chinese customers, even though they couldn't travel outside the country,
 our Chinese customers then
 were buying
 buying more from us than in
 2019 and so
 And I certainly agree with you.
 I mean, international travel is not about to resume any time soon, but that trend is here to stay.
 and the question is
 I mean as we're doing in Europe
 How can we remain close to our Chinese customers?
 How can we ensure that we provide them with the best products, the most creative products?
 and, indeed, how can we reach out to them with the best quality we have to offer,
 We're showing all aspects of our brands.
 we have to show them that
 Christian Dior, an iconic, remarkable creator, is at the same time a very modern creator.
 and Louis Vuitton is much more than fashion indeed.
 And I keep saying this, Louis Vuitton is not a fashion company.
 And all this is very attractive to our Chinese customers.
 and, of course, we have to keep a long-term view of these things
 and to see what it is that attracts our customers, what stimulates, what creates this desire for our brands,
 what causes our customers to aspire to acquire our products,
 whether they be European or Asian.
 and having said all that
 I'm not concerned. Now, regarding the prices, of course, you shouldn't you shouldn't go too far.
 Well, there's only – but nonetheless, if the demand is high, if a product is highly desirable, well, it comes at a high price.
 Let me just give you an example.
 recently at Tiffany
 We've just celebrated the 170th anniversary of the collaboration between Tiffany and Patek Philippe.
 And on that occasion, well, Patek Philippe produced a special edition of a watch called Patek Tiffany.
 It had the...
 the
 watch was
 blue and there were only
 170 watches
 Of course, there's this close bond between Patek Philippe and Tiffany that goes back 170 years
 because ever since its inception, Tiffany had been selling Patek Philippe watches in the United States.
 And so I'm not saying that we should sell.
 all the
 watches at the same price as that
 that of the unique
 Patek Philippe Watt
 But, of course, for customers, when you want a high-quality watch, you pay a high price.
 It's something like $50,000, but we decided to sell one of these watches up for auction for a charity.
 You may have heard, I think it's sold for $5 million, the one watch.
 and that's how much it fetched at an auction
 But, of course, all that counts is the quality of the product.
 And then, of course, people will pay the price they deem.
 worth it.
 As to acquisitions, we are in no hurry.
 I've been making acquisitions for the past 40 years.
 people tell us we're uh we're making many acquisitions uh we only have one every so often
 And here, this was a big one.
 And thanks to the good work of our CFO, we've more or less paid off the cost of that, the price of that acquisition.
 Well, if you see another attractive acquisition, why not?
 But it's not a matter of looking for possible acquisitions, as you said.
 it's just a matter of finding them
 Are there further questions? Yes.
 there's another question
 I'll give the floor now to Angelina Asquay.
 Ask Quay. Angelina,
 You, you, you, yes, thank you.
 Good evening.
 Mr. Arnaud, about M&As, you have 75 brands in the group.
 do you sometimes consider
 that you should dispose of
 certain brands.
 I mean
 there was
 a few years back, I believe, that some
 you dispose of some brands
 And then who is going to replace Virginia Blowne at Louis Vuitton?
 What are the skills required?
 I'd like to take the job.
 Well, regarding the brands, we look at every company in the group.
 we analyze the performance
 We see how we can boost the performance.
 It may happen, but very rarely indeed.
 I mean, Tony and George Aglioni and myself might decide that maybe we might not be able
 to get through
 with it. It may not be suited.
 it may have happened
 what, maybe two or three times in the history of the
 group, but that is
 that is
 very
 incidental
 But, indeed, whenever we make an acquisition or whenever we have a brand, we nurture it.
 We must not be in a hurry because, of course, we can't expect a performance to occur overnight.
 You have to take the time it takes for this or that company to prosper.
 but indeed
 if after a long time
 we don't believe in it anymore
 well then we will draw the lessons
 But, again, that is very exceptional.
 over several dozens of years
 it may have happened two or three times.
 But regarding Virgil, we were – I mean, this was a shock.
 Nobody expected him to die so young.
 that was a real tragedy
 Virgil was an extraordinary creator, more than a fashion designer.
 He was a very cultivated man.
 And he and as I was saying in his last show that he he had actually designed prior to his death, that was a cultural event.
 It was it was not just a fashion show. And so we're still mourning him.
 And I will tell you, well, once that is behind us, we will consider the next move.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from Edouard Aubin.
 Edward Aubin from Morgan Stanley.
 Good evening, Mr. Arnaud.
 Tiffany, you said that you would be telling us more about the merits of this acquisition.
 that. Could you tell us more about your
 main
 operations
 what you communicated about Tiffany
 and then on the
 cosmetics division
 that is the one division that
 underperformed
 in terms of revenue.
 the main leaders of that
 segment. How can you, how do you account
 for this and how do you see
 the performance
 in the long run
 And then one question about the metaverse.
 What is your opinion?
 do you
 I mean, is that a significant concern for the main brands of the group?
 Do you believe that in, say, five or ten years' time,
 a substantial portion of the
 revenue or the profitability could
 come from the metaverse
 well
 Now, Tiffany, you referred to the products.
 And, of course, what makes such a company as Tiffany so successful is, of course, the products it makes and sells.
 What you can say is that this year was a major turnaround for the company
 because, of course, we knew the teams, the people working there,
 but we have people who have the experience, they know our group,
 and we were able to bring some people in from day one when we came in and took over Tiffany.
 It should also be pointed out that Tiffany, at a time where the luxury industry grew remarkably all the way up to 2019,
 but during these years
 which was a period of growth, Tiffany stagnated.
 both profit and revenue
 were flat. So we came at an
 opportune time. People said you're paying
 a lot for that company
 But I think it was it was not expensive at all.
 In fact, well, not only Mr. Guilherme was able to pay it off very quickly, but it wasn't such an expensive acquisition considering and looking at the performance.
 And I'll say a few words about that, but considering the performance achieved, just because, again, once again, from day one when we came in at the head of Tiffany,
 we had a team of professionals, a very dynamic team that knew all about products, communication, retail.
 we have a team of high professionals
 and
 And should Tiffany still be listed, it probably would be worth twice its share price.
 Maybe it's an exaggeration, but I still think in terms of value, this was a great acquisition.
 Now, of course, the products of Tiffany are iconic.
 you have the line T
 But production was too low.
 Likewise, for hardware, the shops lacked momentum.
 maybe
 some of them had to be
 redesigned
 and business was sluggish
 and so we were able to turn it around
 and bring it up to an extremely high performance
 While all the time, the flagship store had been closed since the end of 2020, and yet we were able to pull this off.
 So we are very confident as to the future of Tiffany.
 you may remember that
 well with Beyonce
 There was a big event that stirred a lot of interest on the part of the younger generation.
 there's this song
 which Beyoncé herself, Moon River, which is the song of the movie of Breakfast at Tiffany,
 where you saw Audrey Hepburn eating her breakfast in front of the Tiffany window.
 I saw people weep when they
 when they heard that song
 So, I mean, this was great fun.
 But, of course, our teams were highly motivated, and they did quite well.
 Now, perfumes and cosmetics, you say, we are lagging behind.
 it's true in terms of revenue
 we may not be
 doing as well
 as other brands
 But this is a deliberate move.
 You have many brands that flaunt their huge revenue.
 but they said
 Well, part of the revenue was achieved last year in duty-free stores.
 but that's
 odd
 But how can you generate revenue in shops that have no customers?
 and we know about this
 because we have a business called DFS,
 what happens is you have products that don't even go through the stores
 because there are no customers there
 They go straight from that store or rather from the basements of that store to retailers in China who sell them at a discount.
 And that has a terrible negative effect on the image of the brand.
 and we are not doing this
 Look at Chanel, beautiful brand.
 They refuse to do that.
 And I won't name names and tell you who who is doing this, but there are at least two of us refusing to do this.
 The reason is we want to preserve the brand image, the image of our brands.
 And I'm fine with other brands doing it.
 fine, let them do this
 They want to generate revenue in this cheap way, but they have to produce revenue figures.
 Maybe in the short run it looks good, but it's pretty bad in the long run.
 As to the metaverse, well, at this stage, all we can say is that you do realize this is a virtual world.
 And right now, as far as we know, we are very much in a down-to-earth world.
 We want real products selling for real.
 Now, fair enough. It is rather thought-provoking to see a virtual universe generating profit.
 but it would be good to see how this can generate profit.
 and there's
 non-fungible tokens
 generating profits
 And I'm sure this will probably have a positive effect if things are done properly.
 this could
 This might do...
 useful services for certain brands.
 But say we are not interested in selling a pair of sneakers for virtual sneakers for 10 euros.
 we're not into that
 But there may be more relevant applications.
 We have to see what these applications might be, what universes might actually be in a way profitable.
 I believe there are a few dozen motorverses out there.
 Well, we're looking at this, but again, we're not in the business of selling virtual shoes.
 And we also have to be wary of bubbles.
 at the beginning of the Internet in the 2000s.
 There were all sorts of things cropping up left, right, and center,
 And that was a bubble that burst all right.
 Facebook's
 There were quite a few of them trying to do it.
 Only one pulled through and the others failed.
 So we have to sound a note of caution.
 And maybe we have time for a final question.
 Yes, that will be Susanna Putz.
 Susanna, take it away.
 We just...
 Yes.
 Yes, yes.
 You're expecting the current momentum to continue.
 So, would you be able to tell us maybe, you know, how we should read it?
 Does it mean that this would be growth on a two-year stack or maybe growth in kind of 20s range?
 Then the second question on pricing, I understand that you're probably reluctant to comment exactly on pricing, that you may push this year, but obviously we're in a very high inflation environment.
 And it would be just interesting to know what we should be expecting in terms of pricing,
 especially for the fashion leather goods division.
 Maybe at least some sort of a magnitude, mid-single-digit, high-single-digit.
 I know you can't tell us exactly in case we were to rush to the stores.
 and then final question
 on the U.S. market.
 And we've really sure they grow for the U.S. in the last 18 months.
 and there's a debate
 whether this is structural or just cyclical um and i think you already discussed it but i guess
 if we were to assume that there is
 some cyclicality
 but most of the growth
 is structural
 What then happens to your distribution in the U.S.?
 Are you already considering maybe expanding some of the stores in the U.S. or just maybe enlarging them?
 because I guess at this rate of growth
 hopefully customer service paid samples start to suffer.
 Thank you.
 what do we do then?
 Do you want to answer on the Outlook?
 C'est quoi la deuxième question ?
 Pricing.
 Pressing.
 in the context of the inflation
 Yeah, yeah.
 No, but for the outlook, you make sure...
 Well, I'll answer in French if you don't mind.
 But regarding the outlook, as we say in the press release, we're confident, okay, the results in January are considering at the same growth pace at the end of last year.
 demand is very much still present. Of course, we can't make any economic forecasts for the
 long term, but
 As I said in my brief presentation as regards inflation, who's right?
 Is it those who are very worried about inflation?
 inflation, fearing galloping inflation that will lead to a recession,
 as happened several times 20, 30 years back?
 or is it those who believe that inflation is something that is just appearing
 for short-term cyclical reasons linked to the pandemic
 and will
 disappear over
 the next 12-18 months, it's rather
 difficult to say. Pricing
 Well, we're trying to adjust, but you see the margins we're achieving, pricing of our products offers very acceptable margins,
 but we also need to be responsible to our customers.
 can't give the impression
 as some brands do
 that we can go to figures that don't correspond to the economic reality of the price of the product.
 We need to be reasonable.
 We try and be reasonable so that our customers do sense, do feel that with us they are with brands that bring them something realistic
 and is not artificially, even if they're very fine products,
 but not artificially inflate it as to the U.S. market.
 Well, we already have a presence on the U.S. market, very, very extensive presence because Louis Vuitton is the leading brand on the U.S. market.
 Tiffany and it's
 it's
 Feel far and away number one on the U.S. market.
 some of our brands
 need to increase
 their presence, such as
 Bulgari, for example, needs to up its presence.
 Dior has increased its presence significantly.
 significantly.
 We only do that in light of our ability and the ability of the group, and that's an advantage
 to be a group as
 we are that has the finest brands
 in the world is to be able to obtain
 the best locations
 As it happens, unfortunately, we learned at that time the passing of Virgil.
 I was in Miami with the teams, and we saw the strength of the group at work in a location.
 The design district there, we were arriving with all our brands to obtain excellent locations, but we mustn't be in a hurry.
 I mean, we're not too much.
 about how we've got great locations,
 likewise in New York.
 Good results.
 It's good earnings, very good growth.
 The sales in our stores and boutiques are increasing naturally,
 And we're seizing opportunities as and when they arise at the right time.
 Well, thank you all, Mr. Guirni.
 Do you have anything to add?
 No, I won't speak again after you.
 No, you don't have a few figures to give us.
 You've given them all.
 you're really amazing
 Is there one last question?
 One last question, if you like.
 OK, one final question.
 and it's already 7.30, and we can't offer – there's not a cocktail party for our guests this evening.
 that's really a shame
 But if things next year improve, I promise you we'll taste the best champagne in the world, the Ruina 2004.
 Thomas Chauvet, the last question from you
 Thank you, Chris.
 Bonsoir, Mr. Arnaud.
 I really look forward to tasting the Ruina 2004 rosé next year.
 First question for you, second for Jean-Jacques.
 fashion and leather goods
 the growth of that division
 plus 42% organic
 two years, that's about 20% growth per annum over the past two years
 to be compared to 15% growth rate over the three previous years, 17 through 19.
 What are the main drivers of that significant acceleration?
 Five points. Market share gains versus your peers. Price increases higher or postponing spending, you know, travel, et cetera.
 that may be temporary
 Jean-Jacques Vuitton saw its operating margin rise sharply, 600-700 basis points versus 2019, 50% EBIT margin.
 what's the show, that margin progression
 that comes from growth
 thanks to the outstanding growth of volumes and price increases
 Isn't that an abnormally low cost base of rents, marketing, spend because of the pandemic?
 I just wanted to check with Jean-Jacques, or maybe it was you, Mr. Arnault,
 that the operating margin for three times this year is a good basis for the next two years.
 Thanks.
 Well, why do we have this growth that is really helping us to gain market share?
 I mean, that was your first question.
 And there are several factors.
 the first is
 probably
 thanks to the work put in
 by the teams, the design teams, the production, manufacturing teams,
 distribution, customer
 relations, our
 The brands are more desirable than the market as a whole.
 So customers turn first and foremost and more strongly to our brands than to others.
 I could explain all that, but it would take rather a long time.
 the reasons why
 our products
 our brands are
 extremely
 appealing.
 You know, once again, we sell a lot more than just fashion.
 I think that's the most important thing.
 Next, our customers, our teams.
 are really
 producing products
 that are increasingly sophisticated, okay,
 I won't repeat what I said about the Tiffany watch that we sell at quite a high price,
 but also more and more sophisticated products.
 at Vuitton, Delphine in particular, is in charge of all the leather goods that are growing
 in sophistication, increasingly appealing, increasingly successful, which means that
 the average price
 because the product
 is more sophisticated.
 the average price increases.
 So revenue sales increase as it occurs at a given scale.
 that explains why
 growth is higher
 that those who sell more ordinary products that are a lot cheaper.
 But since we're speaking about pricing, we try and ensure that the customer buys a sophisticated leather product from Vuitton Dieu, that he really does get an outstanding product.
 We have at Louis Vuitton, we have machines of torture for all the leather goods.
 One day, maybe invite you to visit what remains of certain products of certain competitors when they emerge from the torture machines of Louis Vuitton.
 sometimes there's not much left
 Whereas the Vuitton has to remain in the machine for a week before it can go to the stores.
 That's the difference.
 It's really this focus on quality.
 I think there was another question.
 And it was for you, Jean-Jacques.
 You'll say you're going to have the last word, you see.
 Yes, I will answer and that will bring this session to an end
 So I can confirm that the profit margins of Vuitton have not come down.
 and in fact
 they may have
 in fact increased but I'm not going to
 confirm the
 numbers you have given
 because we do not go into the specifics of Vuitton.
 But assuming that the margins may have gone up, there are two factors to explain this.
 Number one, we had a significant increase in volumes, and so that meant there was less depreciation,
 especially
 on finished products in 2021
 than in previous years
 because of the volumes.
 And because of the volumes, there is also a better absorption of operating expenses.
 However, there are no one of items.
 There had been some in 2020, but not in 2021, such as renegotiated leases.
 did. We negotiated
 the leases in 2020 when the
 shops were closed, but there was no significant
 effects in 2021, but it's true
 we were able better to absorb
 our operating expenses
 Well, ladies and gentlemen, thank you so very much for attending this presentation of the 2021 results.
 And I certainly hope that next time around it will be an actual in-presence meeting.
 It will be my pleasure to let you try out our best champagnes.
 Thank you.