 Ladies and gentlemen, good evening. We are gathered to review indirectly since we are on Zoom.
 The results for the year 2021.
 I apologize for being on Zoom.
 last year we're already on Zoom and I hope that next year this pandemic will
 have left us once and for all and we will be able to work in our presence, it's a very
 pleasant meeting. The results are pretty good. As you can see, in 2021, we achieved pretty
 good growth because revenue has reached almost 64 billion and profit from
 recurring operations over 17 billion euros. Now this performance is all the
 more remarkable, I believe, that the year 2021 was heavily affected by the global pandemic.
 Let me add that in terms of the results,
 We've achieved a remarkable level of operating free cash flow exceeding 13 billion euros
 His growth was strong, especially in Asia and in the United States, and it gradually
 recovered in Europe towards the end of 2021. And in fact, we saw an acceleration of growth
 in Q4 because in our fashion and leather goods business, for example, we saw year, annual
 organic growth on the year of 47% and in Q4 a growth versus 2019 a 51% so that really
 is a high point of the year 2021 is the expansion of our fashion and leather goods business
 and we can also note now return to that the successful integration of Tiffany that also
 has achieved a very remarkable performance
 during the course of 2021.
 online sales continued to grow. The development of online sales with the pandemic were particularly
 sustained and the only area that remains a bit more challenging is everything that concerns
 international travel that haven't resumed yet.
 I don't believe that they will fully resume before the year 2023 or possibly even 24 and
 Sephora, that was quite affected during the course of the year 2021, rebounded well last
 This year before looking at the businesses, a few words about our commitments and progress
 achieved both on CSR and environment that we track particularly closely.
 We've conducted some major programs to respect each one's dignity and individuality, 71 percent
 of women in the group's toes-plot work for 65 of whom occupy managerial positions.
 we've transmitted the craftsmanship that is our heritage as well as that of traditional
 friends crossmanship thanks to the trades of excellence that is expanding across six
 countries with some 1500 apprentices trained and qualified since its creation a few years
 back. We're also supporting the safety and well-being of our employees. 80 percent of
 MISAN's houses have allowed employees to work flexible hours, part-time working, remote
 working, and we commit to supporting individuals in difficulty, and we've assisted several
 100,000 during the course of the year.
 as regards our commitment for the environment.
 I would like to mention creative circularity, that is, the recycling of our materials.
 Almost 30% of our materials are now recycled and in packaging in particular we have an
 objective of reaching 70% by 2030 by a diversity very important 640,000 hectares of fauna
 and flora habitat have been regenerated with an objective of $5 million by 2026, trace
 in our vineyards, in our supplies of raw materials, cotton, leather, gold.
 We have equipped our various value chains with a dedicated traceability system with
 the target of achieving 100% by 2030.
 Lastly, the climate...
 Well, we have this life 360 carbon trajectory, and we are pursuing that very actively.
 Turning now to the various business groups, firstly,
 wines and spirits with very sustained demand, both for champagne and cognac, so strong in
 In fact, as regards the shipments that we are allocating to several regions, very strong
 demand in the U.S. and Europe for champagne with the gradual reopening of restaurants,
 resumption of tourism in Japan that is still like a travel retail impacted by COVID.
 were slightly more difficult, but nevertheless global demand has exceeded our production
 capacity, very significant success, less constrained by production because it's
 manufactured outside Europe with the chandelier garden
 spritz that was launched firstly in Europe and in the U.S., very successful there, and
 rapid growth of our rosé wines, in particular Château d'Isclant.
 I would also mention the first integration of Armand Brignac, 50 percent of which was
 acquired by the group in partnership with Jay-Z, also worth noting the fact that Reunard
 Jose in 2004 Magnum was ranked by Champagne and Sparkling Wine World Championship was
 designated the best champagne in the world. It's absolutely extraordinary.
 I invite you to taste it if you can find some, of course, unfortunately they won't be any
 drinks offered today after this reception. We hope to be able to organize that next year.
 So that was wonderful.
 Likewise for Cognac, supplies that are still below global demand, so sales that are strongly
 up.
 But as
 as I say, limited by these supply constraints.
 They've opened a great many dedicated stores in a number of Asian countries, notably on
 High Nan Island where we're selling directly and we've also seen rapid progress for Glen
 Moranji, an absolutely remarkable whiskey, an ardbeck that received the master distiller
 prize for the fifth consecutive year.
 Moving out of fashion and leather goods, well, fashion and leather goods as you've seen the figures for that and Jean-Jacques Guioni will be discussing those in the moment.
 remarkable success, credit where credit is due, first and foremost, Louis Vuitton, remarkable
 performance by regular, ongoing innovation and Louis Vuitton, is far more than just
 a fashion company. In fact, it's not a fashion company, it's a culturally creative company
 that reaches out to a very important customer base.
 base, the most important, Gen Z, very much fans of Louis Vuitton, through to a more mature
 customer base, because Louis Vuitton is a company that is involved in many aspects of
 cultural life. I would mention the latest fashion show that we attended last week, the
 fashion show in memory of Virgil Abloh who passed away sadly last November where
 that fashion show it was far more than a fashion show it wasn't really a fashion
 Of course there were garments, products, shoes, leather goods, also music, images, an orchestra
 brother was the conductor that he himself had chosen, had picked before passing away.
 He wasn't expecting that, but this lead conductor, Gustavo Iguelen, who now is the conductor of
 Paris Opera. That is the spirit of Louis Vuitton. It's not just a fashion brand, it's a cultural
 brand with a global audience, that's why we can say that Louis Vuitton is very much
 apart from what we see in the various magazines that talk about fashion, we
 could return to that, but in any event, demands very strong.
 And the result, thanks to very dynamic teams,
 thanks to designers, as was Virgil, as is Nicolas Giscayre,
 They really provide wonderful ideas, taking this brand from success to success whilst
 attracting the youngest as well as the most mature of our customer segments in the world.
 Of course, we also have Christian Joe, that is a very different brand.
 It's a brand that is a couture brand that has very remarkable, has been very remarkable
 in its success since the two designers, Maria Grazia,
 Curie and Kim Jones are designing it and are really giving life to the spirit of Christian
 Joe, Kim Jones' latest show was a perfect illustration of Monsieur Joe, of his style,
 his elegance, his refinement, and it was very interesting because during that fashion show
 Mr. Dior was speaking. We managed to get him to speak during the fashion show. It was both
 some moving and instructive. I want the details of everything that Dior does.
 It's remarkable, it's magnificent, the Maison-Dieu-Rove-Avenue-Montagne that was chosen in 1947 by Mr. Dior.
 He said, I'm going to establish my shop there, and nowhere else will be reopening as of early
 March this year and I invite you all to come and visit it. I believe it will be an
 unforgettable event under the figures well we won't go into the detail of the
 figures, but thanks to the management teams of that company, I would say that they are
 dynamic and whilst being contained, they have delivered a remarkable growth.
 Now, there are other brands in fashion and leather goods, Fendi, big success from day
 one but accentuated since the arrival of Kim Jong-un, not only producing great shows,
 the couture in Paris and others such as the bag here, which is the metal first, and it's
 on a waiting list just about everywhere.
 Seline, our exceptional brand with a very talented designer, Hedy Sleiman that has created
 ready to wear lines that are very successful
 during the pandemic. He produced film, stage films of his shows, all very original. They're all very
 successful.
 And today, Cilin is one of the brands that has the highest growth rate of all the world's fashion brands, in my view.
 Loro Piano, Luevi 2, I won't go into the detail,
 great brand growing strong with J.W. Anderson great many products there both fashion leather goods
 ready to work. I won't go to the detail. I may be just to indicate that we have a new
 designer at Kenzo, great Japanese artistic director, Nigo, and the first show was held
 this past weekend moving to perfumes and cosmetics also strong growth strong
 growth of perfume and skin care, firstly, at Christian Dior.
 Well, it's the perfume, extraordinary success in 2021.
 that Sauvage Line become the world's leading fragrance, not just for men, but also beating
 or the existing women's perfume.
 It's the first time it's happened in the perfume universe.
 extraordinary success of this Sauvage perfume.
 I invite you all to test it.
 Furthermore, the mixture, fragrance, the jadeur,
 perfumes continue to grow strongly.
 And we've launched several new variations in the collection
 that is very successful.
 We've got the Rouge Dior, the world's number one lipstick, and the very strong performance
 of skin care lines, be it prestige, captur and l'or de vie.
 I won't go into the detail of that either.
 second French brand that's very successful, Guerlain.
 growth in its skin care of
 Orchidée imperiale and abbey royal, and many perfume successes with its
 haute parfumerie, l'art et la matière en aqua allegoria.
 other smaller brands such as Givenchy, Benefit, Fresh, Maison, Kyrgyzstan, Aquadiparma, and
 and a new house that is just drawing the group.
 Small, but magnificent.
 known called Oficin universelle bullies headed up
 founded Han Daman, Victoire de Kayak, renowned for very creative products inspired by the
 great French tradition and an aesthetic design of their boutiques that's quite original
 extremely inspiring moving on to watches and jewelry well the high point the
 event of the year was the integration of Tiffany that achieved a record year, a very
 products of its iconic lines, the T line, the NOT line, the HARDWARE line, plus the
 lines created by that famous French Jean Schlumberger that are absolutely remarkable
 that have been re-launched and that a very successful Tiffany achieved the record year.
 It's interesting to note that Tiffany delivered strong growth, even though it's flagship,
 It's leading store was closed for the year because of renovation work during the year,
 the renovation work was started before we acquired it,
 and that flagship is set to renew, to reopen at the end of the year.
 So without the flagship that generated several hundred million dollars in revenue, it beat
 It's a revenue record, both in revenue and profit.
 Bulgari, there may be questions on that.
 Bulgari was very successful in its stores.
 it seeks to concentrate now as Tiffany is doing, all its dual resales in its own stores
 and numerous iconic lines continue to grow,
 the serpentines, the diva lines, et cetera.
 I would also mention the fact that the watch model,
 Very, very fine watch.
 Octo Finissimo achieved the Egredor grand prize in Switzerland.
 that's a very prestigious accolade for a watch brand.
 Next, in the watches and jewelry tag hire, continued to grow, cementing a major successful
 partnership with Porsche. It's the watch that I'm wearing here, the Carrera Porsche.
 watch, wonderful watch, it's so successful that it's difficult to find and they've teamed
 up with various ambassadors, including Ryan Gosling, the famous actor, and have also
 So teamed up with the new Formula One champion who won the last Grand Prix and is world
 champion.
 The tableau continues to grow with several iconic watches, including that with Murakami,
 Fred, a jewelry company that I know well because a while back it was led by my sister who unfortunately is no longer with us today.
 but that company is rebounding with a great team
 and is offering products that are extremely attractive
 and an interesting.
 Show me.
 Well, Schumer needs no introduction.
 Again, a very fine jewelry brand, the oldest of the plus.
 Vendôme began working for Napoleon and the Empress, so it has an absolutely remarkable
 a legacy history and that is growing very successful in a number of countries including
 Japan, and we believe that the prospects are very good.
 And lastly, Zenith, that this year launched several watches that met with considerable
 success. There was the Diffie watch and this year they launched the Kroner Master Sport
 that received the chronograph for watch prize at the Grand Prix of Geneva, Selective Retailing
 Well, I'll skip over DFS.
 And it's very difficult to get that company to operate when they're in travel, retail
 in the airports where there are no travelers, thanks to the teams we're able to limit the
 difficulties in 2020. It lost quite a bit of money. It lost a lot less this year, a little,
 But I think that as soon as possible,
 But as soon as travel picks up again, but I don't think that's going to happen soon,
 It's expected to pick up strongly.
 Sephora, there's the rebound thanks to the dynamism of the teams, the success of Sephora
 in the U.S. and their online sales,
 Sephora has rebounded strongly reaching a very significant level of revenue not far
 from its record and operating profit in several hundred million and is very good in terms
 of the current climate, even during the year 21,
 the number of stalls were closed.
 Let's mention in closing this presentation
 to major Parisian stores.
 We have Le Bon Marché, continued dynamic growth that is off to a good start since the
 recovery and the reopening because Le Bon Marché was closed several occasions
 during the past two years and the launch of La Samaritaine, which is a wonderful store and that is
 is getting off to a good start.
 that all goes well, even if we don't have the expected tourists for Parisian department
 stores, and that's the case for all department stores. For 2022, the outlook, I believe that
 The economic climate continues, as it did in January,
 as expected to be promising.
 the numbers for January confirm growth at the same pace at the end of last year.
 It's got off to a good start.
 Nevertheless, we need to remain vigilant.
 Everyone's talking about inflation.
 That's interesting because the leading experts and specialists
 various Nobel Prize winners have very differing views.
 So I'm saying, well, inflation, it's a return to inflation,
 like in the 80s, it'll be difficult to stop it.
 will have to constantly increase interest rates.
 it will penalise the economy, a very bleak picture.
 There are others who are equally legitimate and reputed.
 also Nobel Prize winner some are saying that it's transitory and wants the
 bottle net created in the global economy by the exit from the pandemic. We know the problems
 in supply chains and ports where we can't unload the containers, et cetera.
 all that is resolved, inflation will calm down and things will resume normally.
 I can't tell you that I favor one or other of the explanations, but those are the two
 that we have heard and listened to, what I believe is that the group in an inflation
 situation is a group that is used to weathering economic crises are not
 not forecasting an economic crisis. I don't expect such an economic crisis. We've just
 gone through two very challenging years. I rather think that things will continue to
 to improve, but we have an advantage on quite a few other companies and groups, which is
 that we have a degree of flexibility on our prices so in the face of inflation we have
 the ways and means to react, and I believe that demand will remain strong for our products.
 That's what we're seeing currently.
 Nevertheless, we are vigilant.
 We're continuing our management efforts.
 We're confident.
 thanks to our values, our creativity, constant quest for quality, the spirit of enterprise,
 the entrepreneurial spirit that motivates everyone that's
 It's not a company.
 It's birth.
 a family operation controlled by a family, and employees be they in management such
 as those with us this evening, or write to the craftsmen in our 100 manufacturing sites
 in France are part of the family. They are viewed as such. We look after them. We motivate
 them such that they want to remain with us and they have long-term motivation I
 And I think that also accounts for the group's successes, that we're not there to seek results
 for the quarter, but results over several dozen years.
 That's why a brand such as Vittor and Dior are so successful because in our discussions
 we're not just we never looked just at the results for the next quarter we
 realize and we have in mind that these fabulous brands will continue to increase their desirability
 over a period of several decades, and lastly in our values, commitment, environment, corporate
 responsibility, in particular, over to Jean-Jacques Guigny, who unfortunately can't join us here,
 will speak from his office because he's tested positive for COVID but even if he
 He doesn't have many symptoms.
 You say too?
 you know everything so good evening everyone so I'll give you some details on
 on the remarkable financial performance that Mr. Arnault outlined.
 On this slide you have the numbers that are record numbers 64 billion in revenue, 17 billion
 in profit from recurring operations, $13 billion in operating free cash flow, operating marketing
 26 percent.
 Of course, the
 .
 This is a recovery from last year which had suffered the pandemic, but even from the year
 before that. Let's start with the revenue. This is a rather tedious picture, but it shows
 our sales, the organic and the structure impact,
 the two benchmarks that is 2020 and 2019.
 let's start with 20, 20 organic growth, 36%.
 And, of course, there's a plus, a structure impact, plus 10 percent, specifically in 2020,
 The currency effect, only 2%, it was stronger in the first half of the year and became positive
 in the second half, so all in all, not much of a currency effect in 2021.
 So that gives us a growth of 44% compared to 2020.
 Now, it's more significant if you move back to 2019.
 we have 14% organic growth compared with 2019.
 I will return to that figure in the following slides, and this shows that the pandemic in
 the 2020 crisis is behind us, we offset, as it were, the decline of 2020.
 over two years, we are registering growth.
 Let's look at organic growth compared with 2019 and 2020.
 2020, 2021 compared to 2020, let's not go back to Q1 because that's an easy comparison
 because there was the pandemic the year before, but in Q3 and Q4, the situation had normalized
 And yet, compared with that, we are 24% up, which is quite significant.
 We were not in the trough of the first half of the year
 with the shops closed down.
 And yet, we were up 24%.
 what is significant is compared to 2019, up until the end of September, we were looking
 at 11% growth, 11% in H1 and in Q3, and then Q4, significant growth, 22%.
 And so we're looking at 14% compared with 2019.
 And still compared with 2019, I can't resist the pleasure of showing the figures of fashion
 and...
 leather goods quite dramatic quite remarkable we're looking at for fashion
 and leather goods.
 we're looking at 42 percent above 2019 and there was no slowdown at the end of the year because
 In Q4, we were at 51% above the same period in 2019.
 So let's look at the distribution of revenue per business line.
 Well, it's not as spectacular, but the first country now is, the United States, with 26
 and two points, two percentage points.
 The first region is Asia, 35% of sales, up five points in two years, and these five points
 in two points were taken away from Europe, which was down seven points, seven percentage
 point in a matter of two years while you have several things tourism was down in
 Europe and that was a kind of a significant part of the business and that was transferred
 to Asia and North America.
 Now, back to the geographical areas and looking at the development quarter on quarter starting
 with the United States then, in the U.S. you look at the last bar on the right, we were
 up 25%. So it's a remarkable performance in the US. We're comparing with 2019. It's a
 to your growth, and it's, well, it's compared with 2019, 25%.
 And if you look at the quarters, quarter after quarter,
 We are looking at growth anywhere between 15% and 30%.
 some volatility, but that goes for no special comment.
 So, steady growth and significant in the United States.
 Japan had an overall growth of 5% over the year, you shouldn't consider Q4 as an isolated
 growth because on the basis of 2019, you had an increase of VAT in Q1 2019, so that upset
 the output card. But if we look at the first half and the second half of the year, first
 have where we're at minus 3 and H2 plus 13.
 So growth accelerated considerably in the second half.
 Asia, of course, is the record because we're looking at an overall growth of 30%, you can
 see this on the last bar for Asia 31% up 31% all quarters were good so we were
 anywhere between 25% and 40% quarter on quarter.
 Now, Europe is a more challenging story, and we mentioned this before.
 a more difficult situation, but here we can draw the lessons. We're looking at an upwards
 We were at minus 18, then minus 15, then minus 6% in Q3.
 and then plus 1% in Q4. So we were not back to the pre-crisis levels, but we're still
 below but there's a steady improvement and we can be proud of this because it
 That means that our people were able to make up for the absence of tourists, instead of
 that we have local customers and that is much more of a challenge because looking for new
 customers who is no easy task when all the usual kinds have gone.
 Now looking at the various business lines then, the 14%, which is an organic growth compared
 with 2019. If you look at all the business lines, we are doing better than 2019 except
 for selective retailing and even then,
 Even then, we're looking at travel retail, as Mr. Arno said, and DFS is, of course, in
 Tourist areas in Asia that have completely ground to a halt where Sephora back in 2021
 went back over its level, its performance of 2019, so a fine performance by
 But, of course, challenges remain at DFS, and you know all about that.
 regarding Washington's growth, almost double-digit growth,
 Driven by champagne and cognac in the United States and in China by the way fashion and leather goods
 as I mentioned earlier on, up 42% compared to 2019.
 you have the performance of all brands, including Vuitton and Diabaton, not only them, Louis
 with Celine, Laurel, Piana, Fendi, of course.
 So all the brands have performed extremely well and they are very much, of course, they
 are...
 driving the growth.
 perfumes and cosmetics are back to the level of 2019 and watches and jewelry we
 Here we're looking at organic rhythm.
 We're not looking at the consolidation of Tiffany at 7% compared to 2019.
 So that is, of course, but fashion and leather goods were the main driver.
 Now, looking...
 at the same thing, but this time quarter by quarter to see what happened, the performance
 This was relatively stable, again, for wanton spirits, fashion leather goods, I mentioned
 are 42% with 51% in Q4,
 perfumes and cosmetics back to their levels of 2019. In watches and jewelry, there is
 an acceleration of growth at the end of the year, largely attributable to Bulgaria, because
 is in the scope effect, in the structure impact.
 So, growth picked up mostly in Q4.
 That's the retail business of Bulgarian fine performance and selective retailing of course
 all in all we're in the red at minus 18 percent but Q4 is reaching is getting
 back to the levels of 2019.
 For Sephora, we were ahead of 2019, but the DFS is still lagging behind, but we're getting
 close to the 2019 number.
 So this is very encouraging.
 And then for the second half of this presentation,
 looking at the profit I showed here you have the income statement while the
 first line is revenue, so that was already discussed.
 On gross margin, what I can tell you is 2021, we're looking at 68.5% of sales and won't
 compared with 2019, but we're looking at 2.3 percentage points above 2019, and that is
 is a pretty stable indicator when you have 0.4, 0.5 percent,
 It's already pretty good, and here we are looking at 2.3 percentage points, so a remarkable
 performance.
 Expenses always a bit complicated especially because there's the scope effect with Tiffany
 But if you leave out the currency effect and the scope effect, it's quite simple.
 Expenses last year operating expenses were down 14% compared to 2019, which was in itself a good performance
 looking at a significant headwind.
 And here they were up, well, expenses were up 20%, which tends to reason because of
 Of course, business grew, but over two years,
 expenses, not including currency.
 and scope are 5%.
 That's up five percent, but sales were up 14 percent,
 not including scope or currency.
 and gross margin was up 2%.
 Do you have the financial equation of LVMH in 2021?
 led to a current profit-recurring operation of upwards
 of $1 billion, a 50% compared to 2019, and, of course,
 100% compared to the previous year.
 Well, this may not be significant, but it's still quite good to see that the
 profits as well.
 operating margin stands at
 at 27 percent.
 So all the numbers are good, including gross margin, but of course we have the significant
 the successful integration of Tiffany and, of course, that made a big difference.
 Looking at the income statement, well, it's less exciting, but other operating incomes
 and extents is almost nil because some gains made up for losses on intangible assets, income
 tax.
 Well, they were up, but the tax rate was slightly down to about 26 percent, so that
 was a positive effect.
 And so all in all, we have a net profit of 12 billion euros, which is unprecedented in
 the group up 68% compared to 2019.
 So in terms of net profits, this is a remarkable performance.
 So now let's look at a profit from recurring operation at $17 billion, going line by line
 and again.
 Now, you start with wines and spirits up 8% compared to 2019.
 This is more than the growth in revenue, so we can certainly be pleased with that fashion and leather goods
 It's a remarkable performance because we're looking here at, in 2021, we're above the
 the performance of 2019, which in itself was pretty good.
 looking at up in a plus 75% improvement, which speaks for itself, perfumes this cosmetics
 up to the back to the 2019 level watches and jewelry they are above the previous years
 but there's a scope effect, but not only that,
 because a Bulgari achieved outstanding numbers in 2021,
 way above 2019. So these brands did extremely well in 2021 and that was
 completed by Tag Heuer and Hublot, and indeed Zenith, we don't often mention that Zenith
 also had a remarkable performance in 2021.
 Regarding selective retailing, we were losing money last year.
 now we're back to in the black and that is well DFS losses were compared work
 offset by the profit generated by CIFRA so we're still in in the in the red but
 all in all, this is quite a performance, considering the circumstances.
 Now, if we look at how we move from organic growth, organic growth from structural impact
 concurrency. Well, organic growth is the main factor. The main structure impact was
 because Stephanie brought in $800 million in profit last year.
 in profit last year, it used to be the level of EBIT, EBITDA, now it's EBIT at $800 million,
 this is remarkable. And in 20 years, this is the first time we have no currency effect.
 We didn't play around, this is really zero.
 And so we have a 50 percent increase in profit from recurring operations compared with 2019.
 And if we look at the profits from occurring operations year on year, if you look at half
 years, we had a 53% improvement in H2, 44% in H1 compared to the same period in 2019,
 and all we're looking at is 49% improvement.
 So, if you look at the financial results, well, we have a significant net financial
 debt and I will give details about that and yet we generated a negative cost of that financial
 that is an income, that is the paradox of negative interest rates.
 the interest of lease liabilities.
 Well, this is a creation expense.
 And that means because you have leases that are
 shouldn't be there but out there on this line and thank God it's stable here on
 Europe. Hedges, currency hedges, the cost of derivatives, slightly down, but this is
 a cyclical situation, it will be back in 2022 to the levels of 2020.
 But the fair value adjustment available for sale financial assets, and that is the variation
 of the value of our portfolio of financial investments, 500 million, last year there
 There was no changes in the value.
 We're more or less stable, but now it's up 500 million.
 the value is up this year. But of course, these are unrealized capital gains. We didn't
 actually sell off these assets, we don't turn our portfolio around.
 So just because there's an unrealized capital gain doesn't mean we will sell these, dispose
 of these properties. And then cash, well, when you have negative interest rates, we might
 as well invested elsewhere, and that investment
 was a profitable in 2021.
 we were able, therefore, to generate a 500 million gain regarding at the balance sheet
 regarding the balance sheet, that's pretty stable.
 Well, we have the consolidation of Tiffany,
 which brought in some debt, about $13 billion
 of intangible assets between the brand and the goodwill.
 but equity still accounts for about 40% of the whole line.
 if you look at 125 billion, 40% in total equity is not bad.
 Now, looking at the cash flow, and that is a significant, we're looking at 13.5 billion
 cash flow over the year, that the previous record was 6.2 billion
 the year before. This is a significant improvement. Now, the payment of taxes in 2021 for 2020,
 Well, that brought in some cash.
 There was operational investment in H1,
 which was not as high as in previous years.
 And of course, there was an increase in activity in business, in revenue, which generated more
 cash. Well, we can't expect the same results next year, but that improvement nonetheless
 It's quite, quite remarkable.
 Looking at the debt position, and I'll look more closely at the last two items on the
 next slide. That is high, it's still below 10 billion, having acquired, made an acquisition
 16 billion that year. So we worked hard to bring that debt down. It's above what we
 had in 2017 after the acquisition of Dior Couture, but we are close enough to that, to that
 level and on the next slide you have the explanation for the change in the
 debt position so you have the debt level in 2020 at end 2020 and at end 2021 on the right
 So, what happened?
 We invested $13 billion in, well, mostly it was Tiffany.
 Available operating free cash flow was also 13.5 billion, so it's as if we offset the
 acquisition of Tiffany with the cash flow. It's not quite true because there were dividends
 and other things, but I've been on the picture, it looks pretty convincing, then they would
 dividends paid, that's four billion.
 It includes shareholders of LVMH, but also minority interests, including MOUET NC plus
 taxes so we're looking at four billion cash out and then
 and various others that we had by back of shares.
 and technical things.
 I won't get into the detail of that, but that's why the net financial debt was short of $10
 billion, which is not bad considering the amount of
 acquisitions in that year.
 And then to complete a few words about the dividends,
 that we will propose to the AGM in April.
 10 euros per share, a dividend of 10 euros.
 This is a significant growth.
 but it is in line with the improvement
 in the net performance, net profits.
 Thank you for your attention.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we're now available to answer a few questions.
 questions, if you have any. If that's the case, I'll ask you to kindly introduce yourself.
 on Belgium for the first question.
 Yes, good afternoon. I hope you can hear me from BNP Paribas and three questions.
 If I may, first of all, we saw the surprise since the start of COVID is this extraordinary
 growth with U.S. and European customers because if we look at the figures in Europe, Europe
 was up in Q4 with no tourists, at least no Chinese visitors.
 That means that the French-Italian customers have grown strongly.
 of the drivers behind this growth and to what extent would you say they are cyclical and
 and what are the most structural strengths.
 Second question, margins have grown strongly
 whether certain divisions,
 whether there's a need perhaps to reinvest a bit more,
 Thank you.
 I just want to sail forward.
 consider that there's sort of a new normal on the margins that we've seen, and thirdly,
 more specifically on wines and spirits with dip of the margin in the second half of the
 factors to account for that. Thanks.
 Now, to answer your first question as regards growth with U.S. and European customers, difficult
 really to draw a general conclusions from that.
 I think that these customers are becoming increasingly
 selective and really show a priority for a number of brands that offer more and that's
 what I said earlier, with Vuitton offering more than just fashion, Vuitton sells culture
 to the Americans and to Europeans at Vuitton.
 We offer far more than just fashion.
 we have.
 For example, the Vuitton Foundation, I don't know if you've been able to visit the show
 that's currently there, that's remarkably successful. We just topped the 800,000 visitor
 I mean, we can't, you can't generalize when we look at what's happening elsewhere,
 the number of brands, including the brands of the LVMH Group, are somewhat different
 in terms of their development with their clientele than others.
 And then there are markets.
 their markets, as Mr. Guioni said earlier, where we have greatly developed customer relations
 with local customers and so there were previously visitors were extremely
 numerous in European countries and in the U.S. Those numerous customers, I won't say
 numerous customers, I won't say were pervasive, but were very present in certain stores when
 When they gradually disappeared, well, we were able to replace that thanks to a focus
 on proximity relations, the fact that the appeal of our brands is quite special.
 Louis Vuitton, Christian Dior, and the others. And so it's, I would say, something that is
 said to last and that we're developing. And in fact, we don't expect the Asian visitors
 to return any time soon.
 And I think that Asian visitors will remain quite far from Europe and the U.S. at least
 for this year. It was already absent. Last year we saw that it didn't prevent our brands
 from operating well. So, selectivity and I would say great devotion by our sales forces
 and our ambassadors with local customers.
 Now, Mr. Grioni, on the margins and the calculations,
 Maybe you could say a word.
 Yes, well, what I can tell you is that we have to watch things pretty carefully, members
 that the Executive Committee are attending this Zoom discussion.
 So we are looking very carefully at margin levels.
 And no person in charge expects us to go back to previous margin levels.
 So we're looking here at something that is sustainable, at least in the context we expect
 to find in the years to come.
 And as to your last question, Antoine, about wines and spirits in age two, we have this
 It's almost year on year.
 This is a traditional cyclicality.
 We have a certain number of bottles available in H1.
 And when demand is greater than supply,
 Well, there tends to be H1 higher than in H2 in terms of top line.
 but then, of course, in marketing expenses and advertising,
 it's the other way around.
 we spend less in H1 than in H2, except for the Chinese New
 you're so dizzy
 there is a disconnect between sales that are high in each one and lower in age two and
 expenses higher in H1 and then in H2.
 So there's the scissors effect that you note for the profit margin.
 Question arrived.
 We have another question from
 A Ramu?
 Aron Ramu?
 Aron?
 No, Erwin Rambo from HSBC, from New York, and thank you for this presentation and congratulations
 on the performance.
 If I may, we have a couple of questions and a third one.
 The first point on China and the risk that China must remain closed off for the next
 couple of years, what are the implications in terms of
 expenses we have well when the Chinese travel they tend to spend more than at
 home, but that may not necessarily be the case. The Chinese ecosystem being locked down
 as it were, or locked up.
 Do you see more expenses simply because prices are higher or there's more cross-selling?
 How, what do you expect?
 The second question is about inflation.
 There are a number of brands within the group, but indeed outside the group as well that
 have increased their prices significantly.
 Do you think it is realistic?
 their risk of going too far in terms of increasing the prices too much, and then to respond to
 Jean-Jacques?
 Now, of course, you have the cash flow more or less being
 equal to the price of Tiffany.
 but do you have priorities in terms
 of possible future consolidations in winds and spirits,
 or cosmetics or, I mean, do you, are there any gaps that need to be filled for the group?
 Well, regarding our Chinese customers, as we told you in the presentation, maybe it
 was the Jean-Jacques, who mentioned this, but we found in 2021 that our Chinese customers,
 even though they couldn't travel outside the country.
 our Chinese customers then were buying more from us than in 2019.
 And so, and I certainly agree with you, I mean, international travel is not about to
 resume anytime soon, but that trend is here to stay.
 And the question is, I mean, as we're doing in Europe,
 How can we remain close to our Chinese customers?
 How can we ensure that we provide them with the best products,
 the most creative products, and indeed, how can we reach out to them with the best quality
 we have to offer, showing all aspects of our brands. We have to show them that Christian
 or an iconic remarkable creator is at the same time a very modern creator in the Louis
 rivito is much more than fashion indeed I keep saying this rivito is not a
 a fashion company and all this is very attractive to our Chinese customers and of course we
 We have to keep a long term view of these things and to see what it is that attracts
 our customers, what stimulates, what creates this desire for our brands, why, what causes
 our customers to aspire to acquire our products, whether they be European or Asian, and having
 said all that.
 I'm not concerned.
 Now, regarding the prices, of course, you shouldn't go too far.
 there's only, but nonetheless, if the demand is high, if the product is highly desirable,
 Well, it comes at a high price.
 Let me just give you an example.
 Recently, at Tiffany, we've just celebrated the 170th anniversary of the collaboration
 between Tiffany and Patek Philippe.
 And on that occasion,
 Well, Patek Philippe produced a special edition
 a special edition of a watch called Patek Tiffany.
 It had the watch was blue, and there were only 170 watches.
 And of course there's this close bond between Patek Philippe and Tiffany that goes back
 170 years, because ever since its inception, Tiffany had been selling Patek Philippe watches
 using that in states.
 And so I'm not saying that we should sell all the watches
 but the same price is that of the unique Patak Fili Pots.
 But of course, for customers, when you want a high quality
 watch you you pay a high price it's something like fifty thousand dollars
 But we decided to sell one of these watches up for auction for a charity, and you may
 I've heard I think it's I think it's over five million dollars with the one watch so and
 And that's how much it fetched at an auction.
 But of course all that counts is the quality of the product and then of course people will
 pay, the price, the deem.
 worth it. As to acquisitions, we're in no hurry. I've been making acquisitions for the
 the past 40 years, people tell us we're making many
 acquisitions. We only have one every so often. Here, this was a big one, and thanks to the
 good work of our CFO, we've more or less paid off the cost of that, the price of that acquisition.
 Well, if you see another attractive acquisition, why not?
 But it's not a matter of looking for possible acquisitions,
 as you said.
 It's just a matter of finding them.
 Are there further questions? Yes. There's another question.
 I'll give the floor now to Angelina Asquay.
 Angelina, you, you, you, yes, thank you.
 Good evening.
 Mr. Arnaud, about M&As, you have 75 brands in the group.
 Do you sometimes consider that you should dispose of certain brands?
 I mean, there was a few years back, I believe, that you dispose of some brands.
 And then, who is going to replace Virginia Blown at Louis Vuitton?
 What are the skills required?
 I'd like to take the job.
 Well, regarding the brands, we look at every company in the group.
 We analyze the performance.
 we see how we can boost the performance.
 It may happen, but very rarely indeed.
 I mean, Tony and George Aglioni and myself might decide that maybe we might not be able
 to get through with it, it may not be suited, it may have happened what, maybe two or three
 times in the history of the group. But that is very incidental. But, indeed, whenever
 Whenever we make an acquisition or whenever we have a brand, we nurture it.
 We must not be in a hurry because, of course, we can't expect performance to occur over
 night you, you have to take the time it takes for this or that company to to
 prosper. But indeed, if after a long time we don't believe in it anymore, well then we
 We will draw the lessons.
 But again, that is very exceptional.
 over several dozens of years.
 It may have happened two or three times.
 Regarding Virgil, we were, I mean, this was a shock.
 Nobody expected him to die so young.
 That was a real tragedy.
 Virgil was an extraordinary creative, more than a fashion designer, he was a very cultivated
 man he and as I was saying in his last show that he he had actually designed
 prior to his death.
 That was a cultural event, it was not just a fashion show, and so we're still mourning
 him, and I will tell you once that is behind us, we will consider the next move.
 Thank you.
 comes from Edouard Oubin.
 Edward
 Mr. Agno, on Tiffany, you said that you would be telling us more about the merits of this
 acquisition, but could you tell us more about your main operations, what you communicated
 about Tiffany, and then on the cosmetics division, that is the one division that underperformed
 in terms of revenue, the main leaders of that segment, how can you, how do you account for
 this, and how do you see the performance in the long run?
 And then one question about the metaverse.
 What is your opinion?
 you, I mean, is that a significant concern for the main
 brands of the of the group you believe that in say five or ten years time is
 substantial portion of the revenue or the profitability could come from the
 Isn't it from the metaverse?
 Well, Tiffany, you referred to the products.
 And of course, what makes such a company as Tiffany so successful is, of course, the
 products it makes and sells.
 What you can say is that this year was a major turnaround for the company because, of course,
 We knew the teams, the people working there, but we have people who have the experience.
 They know our group, and we were able to bring some people in from day one when we came in,
 And it took over Tiffany.
 It should also be pointed out that Tiffany, at a time where the luxury industry grew remarkably
 all the way up to 2019.
 But during these years, which was a period of growth,
 Tiffany
 stagnated. Both profit and revenue were flat. So we came at an opportune time. People said
 You're paying a lot for that company, but I think it was it was not expensive at all.
 in tech.
 not only with Mr. Guiyouni was able to pay it off very quickly, but it wasn't such an
 expensive acquisition considering and looking at the performance.
 And I'll say a few words about that, but considering the
 performance achieved just because, again, once again, from day one when we came in at
 the head of Tiffany, we had a team of professionals, a very dynamic team that was, that knew all
 about products, communication, retail, we have a team of high professionals and should
 Tiffany still be listed it probably would be worth it would be worth twice its share price. Maybe it's an exaggeration
 But I still think, in terms of value, this was a great acquisition.
 Now, of course, the products of Tiffany are iconic.
 you have the line T, but the production was too low.
 Likewise, likewise for hardware, the shops lacked momentum.
 And maybe some of them had to be redesigned and business was sluggish.
 And so we were able to turn it around and bring it up to an extremely high performance
 while all the time, the flagship store had been closed since the end of 2020, and yet
 we were able to pull this off.
 And so, we are very confident as to the future of Tiffany, you may remember that, well,
 Beyonce, there was a big event that stirred a lot of interest on the part of the younger
 generation. There's this song which Beyonce herself, Moon River, which is the song of
 the movie of breakfast at Tiffany, where you saw Audrey Hepburn eating her breakfast
 in front of the Tiffany window.
 So I saw people weep when they heard that song.
 So, I mean, this was a great fun, but of course, our teams were highly motivated and they
 it quite well.
 Now, perfumes and cosmetics, you say, we are lagging behind.
 It's true in terms of revenue.
 we may not be doing as well as other brands.
 But this is a deliberate move.
 You have many brands that flaunt their huge revenue.
 But they said, well, part of the revenue
 was achieved last year in duty-free stores.
 But that's odd.
 How can you generate revenue in shops that have no customers?
 And we know about this because we have a business called DFS.
 what happens is you have products that don't even go through the stores because
 that no customers there.
 They go straight from that store, or rather from the basements of that store, to retailers
 in China, who sell them at a discount.
 And that has a terrible negative effect on the image of the brand.
 And we are not doing this.
 Look at-
 .
 Chanel, beautiful band, they refuse to do that.
 And I won't name names and tell you who is doing this,
 but there are at least two of us refusing to do this.
 The reason is we want to preserve the brand image, the image of our brands and I'm fine
 with other brands doing it, fine, let them do this. They want to generate revenue in this
 cheap way but they want to they have to produce revenue figures maybe in the
 short run it looks good but it's pretty bad in the long run as to the metaverse
 Well, at this stage, all we can say is that you do realize this is a virtual world and
 And right now, as far as we know, we are very much in the down-to-earth world.
 We want real products selling for real.
 No, fair enough.
 There is some, it is rather thought provoking
 to see a virtual universe generating profit, it would be good to see how this can generate
 profit and there's non-fungible tokens generating profits. I'm sure this will
 probably have a positive effect if things are done properly this could this
 This might do useful services for certain brands, but say we are not interested in selling
 a pair of sneakers, virtual sneakers for 10 euros, we're not into that, but there may
 may be more relevant applications.
 We have to see what these applications might be, what universes might actually be in a way
 It's very profitable.
 I believe they're...
 a few dozen motor verses out there.
 We're looking at this, but again, we're not in the business of setting virtual shoes.
 And we also have to be wary of bubbles at the beginning of the Internet in the year
 in the 2000s, there were all sorts of things, growth,
 Dropping up left right and center and that was a bubble that burst all right
 Facebooks, there were quite a few of them trying to do it, only one pulled through and the others failed.
 So we have to sound a note, of course.
 And maybe we have time for a final question.
 Yes, that will be, Susanna puts, Susanna take it away.
 uh... ticket away
 Yes.
 it's perfect great sorry just wasn't aware of the technology so I have three
 questions, please. First of all, maybe a follow-up on Outlook. I think you do a statement in the
 press release saying that you're expecting the current momentum to continue, so would
 to be able to tell us maybe, you know, how we should read it. Does it mean that this
 would be growth on a two-year stack or maybe sort of growth in kind of 20s range and then
 And the second question on pricing.
 I understand that you're probably reluctant to comment exactly on pricing that you may
 pushed it here, but obviously we're in a very high inflation environment.
 And it would be just interesting to know what we should be expecting in terms of pricing,
 especially...
 for the fashion leather goods division.
 Maybe at least some sort of a magnitude mid-single digit, high-single digit. I know you can't tell us exactly in case we were to
 rush to the stores. And then final question on the US market. We've seen really sure they
 growth in the U.S. in the last 18 months, and there's a debate whether this is structural
 or just cyclical.
 And I think you already discussed it, but I guess if we were to assume that there is some
 secret...
 but most of the growth is structural.
 What then happens to your distribution in the U.S.?
 are you already considering maybe expanding some of the stores in the U.S. or just maybe
 enlarging them because I guess that this is a way to grow from the customer service paid
 it's important to start to suffer.
 Thank you.
 What do we do now?
 Do you want to answer them on the other side?
 Oh
 That's the second question, pricing.
 Pricing?
 in the context of inflation, which is common.
 All right, all right, all right.
 Well, I'll answer in French if you don't mind, but regarding the outlook, as we say
 in the press release where we're confident, okay, the results in January are considering
 at the same growth pace at the end of last year.
 demand is very much still present. Of course, we can't make any economic forecast for the
 long term, but as I said in my brief presentation as regards inflation, who's right?
 Is it those who are very worried about inflation?
 radiation
 fearing galloping inflation that will lead to a recession as happened several times 20,
 30 years back or is it those who believe that inflation is something that is just appearing
 for short-term cyclical reasons linked to the pandemic and will disappear over the next
 12, 18 months, it's rather difficult to say.
 pricing well we're trying to adjust but you mustn't you see the margins were
 achieving pricing of our products, offers very acceptable margins, but we also need
 to be responsible to our customers.
 can't give the impression, as some brands do, that we can go to figures that don't
 correspond to the economic reality of the price of the product.
 We need to be reasonable.
 We try and be reasonable so that our customers do sense,
 do feel that with us, they are with brands that bring them something that they're realistic
 and there's not artificially, even if they're very fine products, but not artificially inflated
 as to the U.S. market. Well, we already have a presence on the U.S. market, very extensive
 present because Louis Vuitton was the leading brand on the U.S. market, Tiffany, and its
 It's feel far and away number one on the US market.
 Some of our brands need to increase their presence,
 such as Bulgari, for example, needs to up its present,
 has increased its presence significantly.
 We only do that in light of our ability and the ability of the group and that's an advantage
 to be a group as we are that has the finest brands in the world is to be able to obtain
 in the best locations.
 I was
 in November, as it happens, when that, unfortunately, we learned at that time that the passing of
 Virgil, I was in Miami with the teams and we saw the strength of the group at work in
 the group at work in a location, the design district there.
 We were arriving with all our brands to obtain excellent locations, but we mustn't be in
 hurry I mean we're not too much of how we got great locations likewise in New
 New York, good results, good earnings, very good growth, the sales in our stores and boutiques
 are increasing naturally.
 And we're seizing opportunities as and when they arise at the right time.
 Well, thank you all.
 Mr. Guioni, do you have anything to add?
 No, I won't speak again after you.
 No, you don't have a few figures to give us.
 You've given them all.
 Well, you're really amazing.
 Is there one last question?
 Any other questions?
 one one last question if you like okay one final question it's already 730 and
 we can't offer there's not a cocktail party for our guests this evening that's really
 shame but if things next year improve I promise you will taste the best
 champion in the world, the Ruinar 2004, Thomas Chauvet, the last question from you.
 Thank you, Chris.
 Good evening, Mr. Arnaud.
 I really look forward to tasting the Huina 2004
 uh... rosey next year
 First question for you, second for Jean-Jacques, fashion and leather goods.
 the growth of that division, plus 42% organico two years,
 That's about 20% growth per annum over the past two years
 to be compared to 15% growth rate over the three previous years, 17 through 19.
 What are the main drivers of that? Significent acceleration, five points, market share gains
 versus your peers, price increases higher or postponing, spending, you know, travel,
 etc.
 That may be temporary.
 Jean-Jacques Vuitton so it's operating margin rise sharply 600 700 basis points
 versus 2019, 50% EBIT margin, what's the show? That margin progression that comes from growth
 much.
 to the outstanding growth of volumes and price increases.
 that comes an abnormally low cost base of rents marketing spend because of the pandemic just
 wanted to check with Jean-Jacques, or maybe it was you, Mr. Arnold, that the operating
 margin for three times this year is a good basis for the next two years.
 Thanks.
 Whoa.
 Why?
 Why do we have this growth that is really helping us to gain market share?
 I mean, that was your first question.
 There are several factors.
 the first is probably thanks to the work put in by the teams that
 design teams, the production, manufacturing teams,
 distribution, customer relations are
 Brands are more desirable than the market as a whole, so customers turn first and
 foremost and more strongly to our brands than to others I could explain all
 that, but it would take rather a long time. The reason is why our products, our brands
 are extremely appealing and you know once again it's we sell a lot more than just fashion
 I think that's the most important thing.
 Next, our customers, our teams, are really producing products that are increasingly sophisticated,
 Okay, there won't
 repeat what I said about the Tiffany watch that we sell at quite a high price
 but also more and more sophisticated products.
 The viton, Delfine in particular, is in charge of all the leather goods that are growing
 in sophistication, increasingly appealing, increasingly successful, which means that
 the average price because the product is more sophisticated.
 the average price increases so revenue sales increases it occurs at a given
 scale, that explains why growth is higher than those who sell more ordinary products
 that are a lot cheaper but since we're speaking about pricing we try and ensure that the customer
 buys a sophisticated leather product from Vito Audio that he really does get an
 an outstanding product.
 Um, we have...
 At Louis Vuitton, we have machines of torture for all the leather goods, if you like, one
 day and maybe invite you to visit what remains of certain products of certain competitors
 when they emerge from the torture machines of Louis Vuitton, sometimes there's not much
 Which left?
 Because the viviton has to remain in the machine for a week before it can go to the stores.
 It's the difference.
 really this focus on quality.
 I think it was another question.
 It was for you, Jean-Jacques.
 You'll say you're gonna have the last word, you see?
 I'm gonna try to term it.
 Yes, I will answer that.
 will bring this session to an end.
 So I can confirm that the profit margins of Vuitton have not come down, and, in fact,
 Well, they may have, in fact, increased, but I'm not going to confirm the numbers you
 have given, because we do not go into the specifics of Vuitton, but assuming that the margins
 may have gone up.
 There are two factors to explain this.
 Number one, we had a significant increase in volumes,
 And so that meant there was less depreciation.
 especially on the finished products in 2021 than in previous years because of the volumes.
 And because of the volumes,
 there is also a better absorption of operating expenses.
 However, there are no one-off items.
 There had been some in 2020, but not in 2021, such as renegotiated leases, did we renegotiate
 did the leases in 2020 when the shops were closed,
 but there was no significant effects in 2021.
 but it's true, we were able better
 to absorb our operating expenses.
 Well, ladies and gentlemen, thank you so very much
 for attending this presentation of the 2021 results.
 And I certainly hope that next time around, it will be an actual in-presence meeting.
 It will be my pleasure to let you try out our best champagne.
 Thank you.