Ladies and gentlemen, good evening. We are gathered to review indirectly, since we are on Zoom, the results for the year 2021. I apologize for being on Zoom. Last year, we were already on Zoom, and I hope that next year, this pandemic will have left us once and for all, and we will be able to work in our presence. It's a very pleasant meeting. The results are pretty good, as you can see. In 2021, we achieved pretty good growth because revenue has reached almost €64 billion, and profit from recurring operations over €17 billion. Now, this performance is all the more remarkable, I believe, that the year 2021 was heavily affected by the global pandemic. Let me add that in terms of the results, we've achieved a remarkable level of operating free cash flow exceeding €13 billion. Growth was strong, especially in Asia and in the United States, and it gradually recovered in Europe towards the end of 2021, and in fact, we saw an acceleration of growth in Q4 because in our fashion and leather goods business, for example, we saw annual organic growth on the year of 47% and in Q4, a growth versus 2019 of 51%. So that really is a high point of the year 2021 is the expansion of our fashion and leather goods business, and we can also note now return to that the successful integration of Tiffany's that also has achieved a very remarkable performance during the course of 2021. Online sales continued to grow. The development of online sales with the pandemic were particularly sustained, and the only area that remains a bit more challenging is everything that concerns international travel that haven't resumed yet. I don't believe that they will fully resume before the year 2023 or possibly even 24. And Sephora was quite affected during the course of the year 2021, rebounded well last year before looking at the businesses. A few words about our commitments and progress achieved both on CSR and environment that we track particularly closely. We've conducted some major programs to respect each one's dignity and individuality. 71% of women in the group's total workforce, 65 of whom occupy managerial positions. We've transmitted the craftsmanship that is our heritage as well as that of traditional French craftsmanship thanks to the trades of excellence that is expanding across six countries with some 1,500 apprentices trained and qualified since its creation a few years back. We're also supporting the safety and well-being of our employees. 80% of maisons, houses have allowed employees to work flexible hours, part-time working, remote working, and we commit to supporting individuals in difficulty. And we've assisted several hundred thousand during the course of the year. As regards our commitment for the environment, I would like to mention creative circularity, that is the recycling of our materials. 30% of our materials are now recycled and in packaging in particular, we have an objective of reaching 70% by 2030. Biodiversity, very important, 640,000 hectares of fauna and flora habitat have been regenerated with an objective of 5 million by 2026. Traceability in our vineyards, in our supplies of raw materials, cotton, leather, gold. We have equipped our various value chains with a dedicated traceability system with a target of achieving 100% by 2030. Lastly, the climate, well, we have this Life 360 carbon trajectory and we are pursuing that very actively. Turning now to the various business groups. Firstly, wines and spirits with very sustained demand both for champagne and cognac. So strong, in fact, that as regards the shipments that we are allocating to several regions, very strong demand in the US and Europe for champagne with the gradual reopening of restaurants, resumption of tourism. In Japan, there is still like travel retail impacted by COVID. Things were slightly more difficult, but nevertheless, global demand has exceeded our production capacity. Very significant success, less constrained by production because it's manufactured outside Europe with the Chandon Garden Spritz that was launched firstly in Europe and in the US, very successful there. And the rapid growth of our rosé wines, in particular, Chateau d'Isclan. I'd also mention the first integration of Armand Brignac, 50% of which was acquired by the group in partnership with Jay-Z. Also worth noting the fact that Roynard Rosé in 2004 Magnum was ranked by Champagne and Sparkling Wine World Championship was designated the best champagne in the world. It's absolutely extraordinary. I invite you to taste it if you can find some. Of course, unfortunately, there won't be any drinks offered today after this reception. We hope to be able to organize that next year. That was wonderful. Likewise for cognac, supplies that are still below global demand. So sales that are strongly up, but as I say, limited by these supply constraints. We've opened a great many dedicated stores in a number of Asian countries, notably on Hainan Island, where we're selling directly. And we've also seen rapid progress for Glenmorangie, an absolutely remarkable whiskey and Ardbeg that received the Master Distiller Prize for the fifth consecutive year. Moving now to fashion and leather goods. Well, fashion and leather goods, as you've seen the figures for that, Jean-Jacques Guiony will be discussing those in a moment. Remarkable success. Credit where credit is due, first and foremost, Louis Vuitton, remarkable performance, buoyed by regular ongoing innovation. And Louis Vuitton is far more than just a fashion company. In fact, it's not a fashion company. It's a culturally creative company that reaches out to a very important customer base, the most important Gen Z, very much fans of Louis Vuitton, through to a more mature customer base. Because Louis Vuitton is a company that is involved in many aspects of cultural life. I would mention the latest fashion show that we attended last week, the Tribute Fashion Show in memory of Virgil Abloh, who passed away sadly last November, where that fashion show, it was far more than a fashion show. It wasn't really a fashion show. Of course, there were garments, products, shoes, leather goods, also music, images, an orchestra that was conducted that he himself had chosen, had picked before passing away. He wasn't expecting that, but this lead conductor, Gustav Rigelen, who now is the conductor of the Paris Opera. That is the spirit of Louis Vuitton. It's not just a fashion brand. It's a cultural brand with a global audience.

That's why we can say that Louis Vuitton is very much apart from what we see in the various magazines that talk about fashion. We could return to that, but in any event demand is very strong and the result, thanks to very dynamic teams, thanks to designers as was Virgil, as is Nicolas Ghesquière, really provide wonderful ideas, taking this brand from success to success whilst attracting the youngest as well as the most mature of our customer segments in the world. Of course we also have Christian Dior, that is a very different brand. It's a brand that is a couture brand that has been very remarkable in its success since the two designers, Maria Grazia Chiuri and Kim Jones, are designing it and are really giving life to the spirit of Christian Dior. Kim Jones' latest show was a perfect illustration of Monsieur Dior, of his style, his elegance, his refinement. And it was very interesting because during that fashion show, Mr Dior was speaking. We managed to get him to speak during the fashion show. It was both moving and instructive. I wanted details of everything that Dior does. It's remarkable, it's magnificent. The Maison Dior of Avenue Montaigne that was chosen in 1947 by Monsieur Dior. He said, I'm going to establish my shop there and nowhere else. We'll be reopening as of early March this year and I invite you all to come and visit it. I believe it will be an unforgettable event. And the figures, well, we won't go into the detail of the figures, but thanks to the management teams of that company, I would say that they are truly dynamic and whilst being contained, they have delivered remarkable growth. Now there are other brands in fashion and leather goods, Fendi. Big success from day one, but accentuated since the arrival of Kim Jong-un, not only producing great shows, the couture in Paris and others such as the bag here, which is the metal first and it's on a waiting list just about everywhere. Celine, our exceptional brand with a very talented designer, Hedi Slimane, that has created ready to wear lines that are very successful. And during the pandemic, he produced films, stage films of his shows, all very original. They're all very successful. And today, Celine is one of the brands that has the highest growth rate of all the world's fashion brands, in my view. Loro Piana, Loewe too. I won't go into the detail. Great brand, growing strong with J.W. Anderson. Great many products there, both fashion, leather goods, ready to wear. I won't go into the detail. I may be just to indicate that we have a new designer at Kenzo, great Japanese artistic director, Nigo, and the first show was held this past weekend. Moving to perfumes and cosmetics, also strong growth. Strong growth of perfume and skin care, firstly at Christian Dior. Well, it's the perfume, extraordinary success in 2021. The Sauvage line becomes the world's leading fragrance, not just for men, but also beating all the existing women's perfumes. The first time it's happened in the perfume universe, extraordinary success of this Sauvage perfume. I invite you all to test it. Furthermore, the Miss Dior fragrance, the J'adore perfume, continued to grow strongly. And we've launched several new variations in the La Collection Privé that is very successful. We've got the Rouge Dior, the world's number one lipstick, and a very strong performance of skin care lines, be it Prestige, Capture, and L'Or de Vie. I won't go into the detail of that either. Second French brand that's very successful, Guerlain, growth in its skin care of Orchide Imperiale and Abbe Royale, and many perfume successes with its Haute Parfumerie, L'Art et la Matière, and Aqua Allegoria. Other smaller brands such as Givenchy, Benefit, Fresh, Maison Curdjohn, Aqua Di Parma, and a new house that has just joined the group, small but magnificent, called Officine Universelle Buly, headed up, founded by Victor de Kriyak, renowned for very creative products, inspired by the great French tradition and aesthetic design of their boutiques that's quite original and extremely inspiring. Moving on to watches and jewellery, well, the high point, the event of the year was the integration of Tiffany that achieved a record year, a very considerable success of its products, of its iconic lines, the T line, the Knot line, the Hardware line, plus the lines created by that famous French jeweller, Jean Schlumberger, that are absolutely remarkable, that have been relaunched and that are very successful. Tiffany achieved a record year. It's interesting to note that Tiffany delivered strong growth, even though its flagship, its leading store, was closed for the year because of renovation work during the year. The renovation work was started before we acquired it and that flagship is set to reopen at the end of the year. So without the flagship that generated several hundred million dollars in revenue, it beat its revenue record both in revenue and profit. Bulgari, there may be questions on that. Bulgari was very successful in its stores. It seeks to concentrate now, as Tiffany is doing, all its jewellery sales in its own stores. And numerous iconic lines continued to grow, the Serpenties, the Diva lines, etc. I would also mention the fact that the watch model, very fine watch, Octo Finissimo, achieved the Eggwidore Grand Prix in Switzerland. That's a very prestigious accolade for a watch brand. Next, in the watches and jewellery, Tag Heuer continued to grow, cementing a major successful partnership with Porsche. It's the watch that I'm wearing here, the Carrera Porsche watch, wonderful watch. It's so successful that it's difficult to find. And they teamed up with various ambassadors, including Ryan Gosling, the famous actor, and have also teamed up with the new Formula One champion, who won the last Grand Prix and is world champion. Hublot continues to grow with several iconic watches, including that with Murakami. Fred, a jewellery company that I know well because a while back it was led by my sister, who unfortunately is no longer with us today, but that company is rebounding with a great team and is offering products that are extremely attractive and interesting. Chaumet, well, Chaumet needs no introduction. Here again, a very fine jewellery brand, the oldest of the Place Vendôme, began working for Napoleon and the Empress, so it has an absolutely remarkable legacy, history, and that is growing very successful in a number of countries, including

to see history and that is growing very successful in a number of countries including Japan. We believe that the prospects are very good. And lastly, Zenith. Zenith this year launched several watches that met with considerable success. There was the Diffie watch and this year they launched the Chronomaster Sport that received the chronograph watch prize at the Grand Prix of Geneva. Selective retailing, well, I'll skip over DFS. It's very difficult to get that company to operate when they're in travel retail in the airports where there are no travelers. Thanks to the teams, we're able to limit the difficulties. In 2020, it lost quite a bit of money. It lost a lot less this year, a little, but I think that as soon as travel picks up again, but I don't think that's going to happen soon, it's expected to pick up strongly. Sephora, there's the rebound thanks to the dynamism of the teams, the success of Sephora in the US and their online sales. Sephora has rebounded strongly, reaching a very significant level of revenue, not far from its record, and operating profit in several hundred million and is very good in terms of the current climate, where even during the year 21, a number of stores were closed. Let's mention in closing this presentation, the two major Parisian stores. We have Le Bon Marché, continued dynamic growth that is off to a good start since the recovery and the reopening, because Le Bon Marché was closed several occasions during the past two years, and the launch of La Samaritaine, which is a wonderful store, and that is getting off to a good start. That augurs well, even if we don't have the expected tourists for Parisian department stores, and that's the case for all department stores. For 2022, the outlook, I believe that if the economic climate continues as it did in January, is expected to be promising. The numbers for January confirm growth at the same pace at the end of last year. It got off to a good start. Nevertheless, we need to remain vigilant. Everyone's talking about inflation. That's interesting because the leading experts and specialists, various Nobel Prize winners, have very differing views. Some are saying, well, inflation, it's a return to inflation like in the 80s. It'll be difficult to stop it. We'll have to constantly increase interest rates. It will penalize the economy. Very bleak picture. There are others who are equally legitimate and reputed. Some also Nobel Prize winners. Some are saying that it's transitory and wants the bottleneck created in the global economy by the exit from the pandemic. We know the problems in supply chains and ports where we can't unload the containers, et cetera. Once all that is resolved, inflation will calm down and things will resume normally. Can't tell you that I favor one or other of the explanations, but those are the two that we have heard and listened to. What I believe is that the group in an inflation situation is a group that is used to weathering economic crisis. I'm not forecasting an economic crisis. I don't expect such an economic crisis. We've just gone through two very challenging years. I rather think that things will continue to improve, but we have an advantage on quite a few other companies and groups, which is that we have a degree of flexibility on our prices. So in the face of inflation, we have the ways and means to react, and I believe that demand will remain strong for our products. That's what we're seeing currently. Nevertheless, we are vigilant. We're continuing our management efforts. We're confident, thanks to our values, our creativity, constant quest for quality, the spirit of enterprise, the entrepreneurial spirit that motivates everyone. It's one company. It's a family operation controlled by a family and employees, be they in management such as those with us this evening or right through the craftsmen in our hundred manufacturing sites in France, a part of the family. They are viewed as such. We look after them. We motivate them such that they want to remain with us, and they have long-term motivation. I think that also accounts for the group's successes, that we're not to seek results for the quarter, but results over several dozen years. That's why a brand such as Vuitton Dior is so successful, because in our discussions, we never look just at the results for the next quarter. We realize and we have in mind that these fabulous brands will continue to increase their desirability over a period of several decades. And lastly, in our values, commitment, environment, corporate responsibility, in particular, over to Jean-Jacques Guillon, who unfortunately can't join us here, but will speak from his office because he's tested positive for COVID, but even if he doesn't have many symptoms. Thank you. Well, you know everything. So good evening, everyone. So I'll give you some details on the remarkable financial performance that Mr. Arnaud outlined. On this slide, you have the numbers that are record numbers, 64 billion in revenue, 17 billion in profit from recurring operations, 13 billion in operating free cash flow, operating margin 26%. Of course, this is a recovery from last year, which had suffered the pandemic, but even from the year before that. Let's start with the revenue. This is a rather tedious picture, but it shows our sales, the organic and the structure. In fact, the two benchmarks, that is 2020 and 2019. Let's start with 2020 organic growth, 36%. And of course, there's a plus structure impact at plus 10% vis-a-vis 2020. And the currency effect, only 2%. It was stronger in the first half of the year and became positive in the second half. So all in all, not much of a currency effect in 2021. So that gives us a growth of 44% compared to 2020. Now, it's more significant if you move back to 2019. We have 14% organic growth compared with 2019. I will return to that figure in the following slides. And this shows that the pandemic and the 2020 crisis is behind us. We offset, as it were, the decline of 2020. And over two years, we are registering growth. Let's look at organic growth compared with 2019 and 2020. 2021 compared to 2020. Let's not go back to Q1 because that's an easy comparison because there was the pandemic the year before. But in Q3 and Q4, the situation had normalized. And yet compared with that, we are 24% up, which is quite significant. We were not in the trough of the first half of the year with the shops closed down. And yet we were up 24%. What is significant is compared to 2019, up until the end of September, we were looking at 11% growth, 11% in H1 and in Q3. And then Q4, significant growth, 22%. And so we're looking at 14% compared with 2019. And still compared with 2019, I can't resist the pleasure of showing the figures of fashion and leather goods, quite dramatic, quite remarkable. We're looking at, for fashion and leather goods, we're looking at 42% above 2019. And there was no slowdown at the end of the year because in Q4, we were at 51% above the same period in 2019. So let's look at the distribution of revenue per business line. Usually, well, it's not as so spectacular, but the first country now is United States with 26%, two points, two percentage points. The first region is Asia, 35% of sales, up five points in two years. And these

five points and two points were taken away from Europe, which was down seven points in a matter of two years. Well, you have several things. Tourism was down in Europe, and that accounted for a significant part of the business. And that was transferred to Asia and North America. Now back to the geographical areas and looking at the development quarter on quarter, starting with the United States then. In the US, you look at the last bar on the right. We were up 25%. So remarkable performance in the US. We compare with 2019. It's a two-year growth. And it's compared with 2019, 25%. And if you look at the quarters, quarter after quarter, we were looking at growth anywhere between 15% and 30%. Some volatility, but that calls for no special comments. So steady growth and significant in the United States. Japan had an overall growth of 5% over the year. You shouldn't consider Q4 as an isolated growth because on the basis of 2019, you had an increase of VAT in Q1 2019. So that upset the Apple Card. But if we look at the first half and the second half of the year, first half we were at minus 3 in H2 plus 13. So growth accelerated considerably in the second half. Asia, of course, is the record because we're looking at an overall growth of 30%. You can see this on the last bar for Asia, 31%, up 31%. All quarters were good. So we were anywhere between 25% and 40% quarter on quarter. Now Europe is a more challenging story, and we mentioned this before. It's a more difficult situation, but here we can draw the lessons. We're looking at an upward trend. We were at minus 18, then minus 15, then minus 6% in Q3, and then plus 1% in Q4. So we were not back to the pre-crisis levels, but we're still below. But there's a steady improvement. And we can be proud of this because it means that our people were able to make up for the absence of tourists. Instead of that, we have local customers, and that is much more of a challenge because looking for new customers is no easy task when all the usual clients have gone. Now looking at the various business lines then, the 14%, which is an organic growth compared with 2019. If you look at all the business lines, we are doing better than 2019, except for selective retailing. And even then, even then, we're looking at travel retail, as Mr. Arnaud said, and DFS is, of course, in tourist areas in Asia that have completely ground to a halt, whereas Sephora back in 2021 went back over its level, its performance of 2019. So a fine performance by Sephora, but of course challenges remain at DFS, and you know all about that. Regarding wines and spirits growth, almost double-digit growth driven by champagne and cognac in the United States and in China, by the way. Fashion and leather goods I mentioned earlier on, up 42% compared to 2019. You have the performance of all brands, including Vuitton and Dior, but not only them. LVMH, Celine, L'Européana, Fendi, of course. So all the brands have performed extremely well, and they're very much, of course, they're driving the growth. Perfumes and cosmetics are back to the level of 2019, and watches and jewellery. Here we're looking at organic growth. We're not looking at the consolidation of Tiffany. Up 7% compared to 2019. So that is, of course, but fashion and leather goods were the main driver. Now looking at the same thing, but this time quarter by quarter to see what happened. The performance was relatively stable, again, for wines and spirits. Fashion and leather goods I mentioned up 42% with 51% in Q4. Perfumes and cosmetics back to their levels of 2019. In watches and jewellery, there is an acceleration of growth at the end of the year, largely attributable to Bulgari because Tiffany is in the scope effect, in the structure impact. So growth picked up mostly in Q4. That's the retail business of Bulgari. Fine performance. And selective retailing, of course, all in all, we're in the red at minus 18%. But Q4 is reaching, is getting back to the levels of 2019. For Sephora, we were ahead of 2019, but DFS is still lagging behind. But we're getting close to the 2019 numbers. So this is very encouraging. And then for the second half of this presentation, looking at the profit. I showed here you have the income statement. Well, the first line is revenue. So that was already discussed. On gross margin, what I can tell you is 2021, we're looking at 68.5% of sales. I won't compare it with 2019, but we're looking at 2.3 percentage points above 2019. And that is a pretty stable indicator when you have 0.4, 0.5%. It's already pretty good. And here you're looking at 2.3 percentage points. So remarkable performance. Expenses are always a bit complicated, especially because there's the scope effect with Tiffany. But if you leave out the currency effect and the scope effect, it's quite simple. Expenses last year, operating expenses, were down 14% compared to 2019, which shows in itself a good performance looking at significant headwind. And here they were up. Well, expenses were up 20%, which stands to reason because, of course, business grew. But over two years, expenses not including currency and scope are 5%. That's up 5%. But sales were up 14%, not including scope or currency. And gross margin was up 2%. You have the financial equation of LVMH in 2021 led to a profit, a recurring operation of upwards of 1 billion, up 50% compared to 2019. And, of course, 100% compared to the previous year. Well, this may not be significant, but it's still quite good to see that the profits are so up. Operating margin stands at 27%. So all the numbers are good, including gross margin. But, of course, we have the successful integration of Tiffany. And, of course, that made a big difference. Looking at the income statement, well, it's less exciting, but other operating income and expenses are almost nil because some gains made up for losses on intangible assets. Income tax, well, they were up, but the tax rate was slightly down to about 26%. So that was a positive effect. And so all in all, we have a net profit of 12 billion euros, which is unprecedented in the group, up 68% compared to 2019. So in terms of net profit, this is a remarkable performance. So now let's look at profit from recurring operation at 17 billion, going line by line again. Now, you start with wines and spirits, up 8% compared to 2019. This is more than the growth in revenue, so we can certainly be pleased with that. Fashion and leather goods, a remarkable performance because we're looking here at, in 2021, we're above the performance of 2019, which in itself was pretty good. We're looking at up plus 75%, which speaks for itself. Perfumes and cosmetics back to the 2019 level. Watches and jewelry, they are above the previous years, but there's a scope effect, but not only that, because Bulgaria achieved outstanding numbers in 2021, way above 2019. So these brands did extremely well in 2021, and that was completed by Tag Heuer and Hublot and indeed Zenith. We don't often mention, but Zenith also had a remarkable performance in 2021. Regarding selective retailing, we were losing money last year. Now we're back in the black, and that is, well, DFS losses were offset by the profits generated by Sephora. So we're still in the red, but all in all, this is quite a performance considering the circumstances. Now, if we look at how we move from organic growth from structure impact and currency, well, organic growth is the main factor. The main structure impact was Tiffany because Tiffany brought in $800 million in profit last year. It used to be the level of EBIT, and now it's EBIT at $800 million. So this is remarkable. And in 20 years, this is the first time we have no currency effect. We didn't play around. This is really zero. And so we have a 50% increase in profit from recurring operations compared with 2019. And if we look at the profits from recurring operations year on year, if you look at half years, we had a 53% improvement in H2, 44% in H2.

compared to the same period in 2019. And all in all we're looking at a 49% improvement. So if you look at the financial results, well, we have a significant net financial debt, and I will give details about that. And yet we generated a negative cost of net financial debt, that is an income, that is the paradox of negative interest rates. The interest of lease liabilities, well, this is a cretion expense, and that means because you have leases that shouldn't be there but are there on this line. And thank God it's stable year on year. The hedges, currency hedges, the cost of derivatives slightly down, but this is a cyclical situation. It will be back in 2022 to the levels of 2020. And then the fair value adjustment of available for sale financial assets, and that is the variation of the value of our portfolio of financial investments, 500 million. Last year there was no changes in value. It was more or less stable, but now it's up 500 million. The value is up this year. But of course, this is unrealized capital gains. We didn't actually sell off these assets. We don't turn our portfolio around. So just because there's an unrealized capital gain doesn't mean we will dispose of these properties. And then cash, well, when you have negative interest rates, we might as well invest it elsewhere. And that investment was profitable. In 2021, we were able, therefore, to generate a 500 million gain. Regarding the balance sheet, that's pretty stable. Well, we have the consolidation of Tiffany, which brought in some debt, about 13 billion of intangible assets between the brand and the goodwill. But equity still accounts for about 40% of the whole line. If you're looking at 125 billion, 40% in total equity is not bad. Now looking at the cash flow, and that is significant. We're looking at 13.5 billion cash flow over the year. The previous record was 6.2 billion the year before. This is a significant improvement. Now, the payment of taxes in 2021 for 2020, well, that brought in some cash. There was operational investment in H1, which was not as high as in previous years. And of course, there was an increase in business, in revenue, which generated more cash. We can't expect the same results next year, but that improvement nonetheless is quite remarkable. Looking at the debt position, and I'll look more closely at the last two items on the next slide. Debt is high. It's still below 10 billion, having made an acquisition of 16 billion that year. So we worked hard to bring that debt down. It's above what we had in 2017 after the acquisition of Dior Couture. But we are close enough to that level. And on the next slide, you have the explanation for the change in the debt position. So you have the debt level in 2020, at end 2020, and at end 2021 on the right-hand side. So what happened? We invested 13 billion in, well, mostly it was Tiffany. Available operating free cash flow was also 13.5 billion. So it's as if we offset the acquisition of Tiffany with the cash flow. It's not quite true because there were dividends and other things. But on the picture, it looks pretty convincing. Then there were dividends paid. That's 4 billion. That includes shareholders of LVMH, but also minority interests, including Moet N.C., plus taxes. So we're looking at 4 billion cash out and then various others that we had buyback of shares and technical things. I won't get into the detail of that. But that's why the net financial debt was short of 10 billion, which is not bad considering the amount of acquisitions in that year. And then to complete, a few words about the dividends. What we will propose to the AGM in April, 10 euros per share, a dividend of 10 euros. This is a significant growth, but it is in line with the improvement in the net performance, net profits. Thank you for your attention. Ladies and gentlemen, we're now available to answer a few questions, if you have any. If that's the case, I'd ask you to kindly introduce yourself. Antoine Belge for the first question. Yes, good afternoon. I hope you can hear me from BNP Paribas. It's on three questions, if I may. First of all, we saw the surprise since the start of COVID is this extraordinary growth with US and European customers. Because if we look at the figures in Europe, Europe was up in Q4 with no tourists, at least no Chinese visitors. That means that the French, Italian customers have grown strongly. What are the drivers behind this growth? And to what extent would you say they are cyclical? And what are the more structural strengths? Second question, margins have grown strongly. Are there certain divisions where there's a need perhaps to reinvest a bit more? Or do you consider that there's sort of a new normal on the margins that we've seen? And thirdly, more specifically on wines and spirits with dip in the margin in the second half of the factors to account for that. Thanks. Well, to answer your first question as regards growth with US and European customers, difficult really to draw general conclusions from that. I think that these customers are becoming increasingly selective and really show a priority for a number of brands that offer more. And that's what I said earlier with Vuitton offering more than just fashion. Vuitton sells culture to the Americans and to Europeans. At Vuitton, we offer far more than just fashion. We have, for example, the Vuitton Foundation. I don't know if you've been able to visit the show that's currently there. That's remarkably successful. We just topped the 800,000 visitor mark. I mean, you can't generalize. When we look at what's happening elsewhere, a number of brands, including the brands of the LVMH group, are somewhat different in terms of their development with their clientele than others. And then there are markets, as Mr. Guioni said earlier, where we have greatly developed customer relations with local customers. And so there were previously visitors were extremely numerous in European countries and in the US. Those numerous customers, I won't say were pervasive, but were very present in certain stores. When they gradually disappeared, well, we were able to replace that thanks to a focus on proximity relations, the fact that the appeal of our brands is quite special. Louis Vuitton, Christian Dior and the others. And so it's, I would say, something that is set to last and that we're developing. In fact, we don't expect the Asian visitors to return anytime soon. I think that Asian visitors will remain quite far from Europe, the US, at least for this year. It was already absent last year. We saw that it didn't prevent our brands from operating well. So selectivity and I would say great devotion by our sales forces and our ambassadors with local customers. Now, Mr. Guioni on the margins and the calculations, maybe you could say a word. Yes, well, what I can tell you is that we have to watch things pretty carefully. Members of the executive committee are attending this Zoom discussion. So we're looking very carefully at margin levels. No person in charge expects us to go back to previous margin levels. So we're looking here at something that is sustainable.

at least in the context we expect to find in the years to come. As to your last question, Antoine, about wines and spirits in H2, we have this almost year on year. This is a traditional cyclicality. We have a certain number of bottles available in H1. And when demand is greater than supply, well, there tends to be H1 higher than in H2 in terms of top line. But then, of course, in marketing expenses and advertising, it's the other way around. We spend less in H1 than in H2, except for the Chinese New Year. So there's a disconnect between sales that are high in H1 and lower in H2 and expenses higher in H1 than in H2. So there's the scissors effect that you note for the profit margin. We have another question from Erwan Rameau. Erwan Rameau from HSBC from New York. And thank you for this presentation and congratulations on the performance. If I may, we have a couple of questions and a third one. The first point on China and the risk that China must remain closed off for the next couple of years. What are the implications in terms of expenses? We have, well, when the Chinese travel, they tend to spend more than at home. But that may not necessarily be the case. The Chinese ecosystem being locked down, as it were, or locked up. Do you see more expenses simply because prices are higher or there's more cross selling? What do you expect? The second question is about inflation. There are a number of brands within the group, but indeed outside the group as well, that have increased their prices significantly. Do you think it is realistic? Is there a risk of going too far in terms of pricing, of increasing the prices too much? And then to respond to Jean-Jacques. Well, of course, you have the cash flow more or less being equal to the price of Tiffany. But do you have priorities in terms of possible future consolidations in wines and spirits or cosmetics? I mean, are there any gaps that need to be filled for the group? Well, regarding our Chinese customers, as we told you in the presentation, maybe it was Jean-Jacques who mentioned this, but we found in 2021 that our Chinese customers, even though they couldn't travel outside the country, our Chinese customers then were buying more from us than in 2019. And so, and I certainly agree with you. I mean, international travel is not about to resume anytime soon, but that trend is here to stay. And the question is, I mean, as we're doing in Europe, how can we remain close to our Chinese customers? How can we ensure that we provide them with the best products, the most creative products? And indeed, how can we reach out to them with the best quality we have to offer, showing all aspects of our brands? We have to show them that Christian Dior, an iconic, remarkable creator, is at the same time a very modern creator. And Louis Vuitton is much more than fashion. Indeed, I keep saying this, Louis Vuitton is not a fashion company. And all this is very attractive to our Chinese customers. And of course, we have to keep a long-term view of these things and to see what it is that attracts our customers, what stimulates, what creates this desire for our brands, what causes our customers to aspire to acquire our products, whether they be European or Asian. And having said all that, I'm not concerned. Now, regarding the prices, of course, you shouldn't go too far. There's only, but nonetheless, if the demand is high, if a product is highly desirable, well, it comes at a high price. Let me just give you an example. Recently at Tiffany, we've just celebrated the 170th anniversary of the collaboration between Tiffany and Patek Philippe. And on that occasion, well, Patek Philippe produced a special edition of a watch called Patek Tiffany. The watch was blue, and there were only 170 watches. Of course, there's this close bond between Patek Philippe and Tiffany that goes back 170 years. Because ever since its inception, Tiffany had been selling Patek Philippe watches in the United States. And so I'm not saying that we should sell all the watches at the same price as that of the unique Patek Philippe watch. But of course, for customers, when you want a high-quality watch, you pay a high price. It's something like $50,000. But we decided to sell one of these watches up for auction for a charity. And you may have heard, I think it's over $5 million, the one watch. So that's how much it fetched at an auction. But of course, all that counts is the quality of the product. And then, of course, people will pay the price they deem worth it. As to acquisitions, we're in no hurry. I've been making acquisitions for the past 40 years. People tell us we're making many acquisitions. We only have one every so often. Here, this was a big one. And thanks to the good work of our CFO, we've more or less paid off the cost of that, the price of that acquisition. Well, if you see another attractive acquisition, why not? But it's not a matter of looking for possible acquisitions, as you said. It's just a matter of finding them. Are there further questions? Yes, there's another question. I'll give the floor now to Angelina Askwey. Angelina, yes, thank you. Good evening, Mr. Arnaud, about M&As. You have 75 brands in the group. Do you sometimes consider that you should dispose of certain brands? I mean, there was a few years back, I believe, that some, you dispose of some brands. And then who is going to replace Virginia Blount at Louis Vuitton? What are the skills required? I'd like to take the job. Well, regarding the brands, we look at every company in the group. We analyze the performance. We see how we can boost the performance. It may happen, but very rarely indeed. I mean, Tony and Jean-Jacques Lyonnais and myself might decide that maybe we might not be able to get through with it. It may not be suited. It may have happened, what, maybe two or three times in the history of the group. But that is very incidental. But indeed, whenever we make an acquisition, whenever we have a brand, we nurture it. We must not be in a hurry because, of course, we can't expect a performance to occur overnight. You have to take the time it takes for this or that company to prosper. But indeed, if after a long time we don't believe in it anymore, well, then we will draw the lessons. But again, that is very exceptional. Over several dozens of years, it may have happened two or three times. Regarding Virgil, I mean, this was a shock. Nobody expected him to die so young. That was a real tragedy. Virgil was an extraordinary creative, more than a fashion designer. He was a very cultivated man. And as I was saying, in his last show that he had actually designed prior to his death, that was a cultural event. It was not just a fashion show. And so we're still mourning him. And I will tell you, well, once that is behind us, we will consider the next move. Thank you. The next question comes from Edouard Aubin. Edouard? Edouard Aubin from Morgan Stanley. Good evening, Mr. Arnault. On Tiffany, you said that you would be telling us more about the merits of this acquisition. But could you tell us more about

your main operations, what you communicated about Tiffany? And then on the cosmetics division, that is the one division that underperformed in terms of revenue, the main leaders of that segment. How do you account for this, and how do you see the performance in the long run? And then one question about the metaverse. What is your opinion? I mean, is that a significant concern for the main brands of the group? Do you believe that in, say, five or ten years' time, a substantial portion of the revenue or the profitability could come from the metaverse? Well, Tiffany, you refer to the products, and of course, what makes such a company as Tiffany so successful is, of course, the products it makes and sells. What you can say is that this year was a major turnaround for the company, because, of course, we knew the teams, the people working there, but we have people who have the experience, they know our group, and we were able to bring some people in from day one when we came in and took over Tiffany. It should also be pointed out that Tiffany, at a time where the luxury industry grew remarkably all the way up to 2019, but during these years, which was a period of growth, Tiffany stagnated. Both profit and revenue were flat. So we came at an opportune time. People said you're paying a lot for that company, but I think it was not expensive at all. In fact, well, not only Mr. Guioni was able to pay it off very quickly, but it wasn't such an expensive acquisition considering and looking at the performance. And I'll say a few words about that, but considering the performance achieved just because, again, once again, from day one when we came in at the head of Tiffany, we had a team of professionals, a very dynamic team that knew all about products, communication, retail. We had a team of high professionals. And should Tiffany still be listed, it probably would be worth twice its share price. Maybe it's an exaggeration, but I still think in terms of value, this was a great acquisition. Now, of course, the products of Tiffany are iconic. You have the Lion T, but production was too low. Likewise for hardware, the shops lacked momentum. Maybe some of them had to be redesigned, and business was sluggish. And so we were able to turn it around and bring it up to an extremely high performance, while all the time the flagship store had been closed since the end of 2020, and yet we were able to pull this off. So we are very confident as to the future of Tiffany. You may remember that beyond, say, there was a big event that stirred a lot of interest on the part of the younger generation. There's this song which Beyoncé herself, Moon River, which is the song of the movie, of Breakfast at Tiffany, where you saw Audrey Hepburn eating her breakfast in front of the Tiffany window. I saw people weep when they heard that song. So, I mean, this was great fun, but of course our teams were highly motivated and they did quite well. Now, perfumes and cosmetics, you say we are lagging behind. It's true in terms of revenue. We may not be doing as well as other brands. But this is a deliberate move. You have many brands that flaunt their huge revenue, but they said, well, part of the revenue was achieved last year in duty-free stores, but that's odd. How can you generate revenue in shops that have no customers? And we know about this because we have a business called DFS. What happens is you have products that don't even go through the stores because there are no customers there. They go straight from that store, or rather from the basements of that store, to retailers in China who sell them at a discount. And that has a terrible negative effect on the image of the brand. And we are not doing this. Look at Chanel, a beautiful brand. They refuse to do that. I won't name names and tell you who is doing this, but there are at least two of us refusing to do this. The reason is we want to preserve the image of our brands. And I'm fine with other brands doing it. Fine, let them do this. They want to generate revenue in this cheap way, but they have to produce revenue figures. Maybe in the short run it looks good, but it's pretty bad in the long run. As to the metaverse, well, at this stage, all we can say is that you do realize this is a virtual world. And right now, as far as we know, we are very much in a down-to-earth world. We want real products selling for real. Now, fair enough. It is rather thought-provoking to see a virtual universe generating profit. It would be good to see how this can generate profit. And there's non-fungible tokens generating profits. I'm sure this will probably have a positive effect if things are done properly. This might do useful services for certain brands. But, say, we are not interested in selling a pair of virtual sneakers for 10 euros. We're not into that. But there may be more relevant applications. We have to see what these applications might be, what universes might actually be, in a way, profitable. I believe there are a few dozen metaverses out there. We're looking at this. But again, we're not in the business of selling virtual shoes. And we also have to be wary of bubbles. At the beginning of the internet in the year 2000, there were all sorts of things cropping up left, right and center. And that was a bubble that burst, all right. Facebook, there were quite a few of them trying to do it. Only one pulled through, and the others failed. So we have to sound a note of caution. Maybe we have time for a final question. Yes, that will be Susanna Putz. Susanna, take it away. Yes. Yes. Yes. Perfect. Great. Sorry, I just wasn't aware of the technology. So I have three questions, please. First of all, maybe a follow-up on Outlook. I think there's a statement in the press release saying that you're expecting the current momentum to continue. So would you be able to tell us maybe how we should read it? Does it mean that this would be growth on a two-year stack or maybe growth in kind of 20s range? Then the second question on pricing. I understand that you're probably reluctant to comment exactly on pricing that you may push this year. But obviously we're in a very high inflation environment. And it would be just interesting to know what we should be expecting in terms of pricing, especially for the fast luxury goods division. Maybe at least some sort of a magnitude, mid-single digit, high single digit. I know you can't tell us exactly in case we were to rush to the stores. And then final question on the U.S. market. We've clearly seen really extraordinary growth in the U.S. in the last 18 months. And there's a debate whether this is structural or cyclical. And I think you already discussed it. But I guess if we were to assume that there is some cyclicality, but most of the growth is structural, what then happens to your distribution in the U.S.? Are you already considering maybe expanding some of the stores in the U.S. or just maybe enlarging them? Because I guess at this rate of growth, probably customer service may at some point start to suffer. Thank you. Well, I'll answer in French if you don't mind. But regarding the outlook, as we say in the press release, we're confident, okay, the results in January are considering at the same growth pace at the end of last year. Demand is very much still present. Of course, we can't make any economic forecasts for the long term. But as I said in my brief presentation, as regards inflation, who's right? Is it those who are very worried about inflation?

fearing galloping inflation that will lead to a recession as happened several times 20, 30 years back? Or is it those who believe that inflation is something that is just appearing for short-term cyclical reasons linked to the pandemic and will disappear over the next 12, 18 months? It's rather difficult to say. Pricing, well, we're trying to adjust, but you mustn't, you see, the margins we're achieving, pricing of our products offers very acceptable margins, but we also need to be responsible to our customers, can't give the impression, as some brands do, that we can go to figures that don't correspond to the economic reality of the price of the product. We need to be reasonable. We try and be reasonable so that our customers do sense, do feel that with us they are with brands that bring them something realistic and is not artificially, even if they're very fine products, but not artificially inflated as to the US market. Well, we already have a presence on the US market, very extensive presence because Louis Vuitton is the leading brand on the US market. Tiffany, and it's far and away number one on the US market. Some of our brands need to increase their presence, such as Bulgari, for example, needs to up its presence. Dior has increased its presence significantly. We only do that in light of our ability and the ability of the group, and that's an advantage to be a group as we are that has the finest brands in the world, is to be able to obtain the best locations. I was in November, as it happens, when unfortunately we learned at that time, the passing of Virgil. I was in Miami with the teams and we saw the strength of the group at work in a location, the design district there. We were arriving with all our brands to obtain excellent locations, but we mustn't be in a hurry. I mean, we're not too much. We've got great locations, likewise in New York. Good results, good earnings, very good growth. The sales in our stores and boutiques are increasing naturally. And we're seizing opportunities as and when they arise at the right time. Well, thank you all. Mr. Guioni, do you have anything to add? No, I won't speak again after you. No, you don't have a few figures to give us? You've given them all. Well, you're really amazing. Is there one last question? One last question? One last question, if you like. Okay. One final question. It's already 7.30 and we can't offer there's not a cocktail party for our guests this evening. That's really a shame, but if things next year improve, I promise you we'll taste the best champagne in the world, the Ruina 2004. Thomas Chauvet, the last question from you. Thank you, Chris. Good evening, Mr. Arnaud. I really look forward to tasting the Ruina 2004 Rosé next year. First question for you, second for Jean-Jacques. Fashion and leather goods, the growth of that division, plus 42% organic over two years. That's about 20% growth per annum over the past two years to be compared to 15% growth rate over the three previous years, 17 through 19. What are the main drivers of that significant acceleration, five points, market share gains versus your peers, price increases higher or postponing spending, travel, etc.? That may be temporary. Jean-Jacques Vuitton saw its operating margin rise sharply, 600, 700 basis points versus 2019, 50% EBIT margin. What's the share of that margin progression that comes from growth? Thanks to the outstanding growth of volumes and price increases, and that comes at an anormally low cost base of rents, marketing spend because of the pandemic. Just wanted to check with Jean-Jacques, or maybe it was you, Mr. Arnaud, that the operating margin for Vuitton this year is a good basis for the next two years. Thanks. Well, why do we have this growth that is really helping us to gain market share? I mean, that was your first question. There are several factors. The first is probably thanks to the work put in by the teams, the design teams, the production, manufacturing teams, distribution, customer relations. Our brands are more desirable than the market as a whole. So customers turn first and foremost and more strongly to our brands than to others. I could explain all that, but it would take rather a long time, the reasons why our products, our brands are extremely appealing. Once again, we sell a lot more than just fashion. I think that's the most important thing. Next, our customers, our teams are really producing products that are increasingly sophisticated. Okay. I won't repeat what I said about the Tiffany watch that we sell at quite a high price, but also more and more sophisticated products. Vuitton, Delphine in particular, is in charge of all the leather goods that are growing in sophistication, increasingly appealing, increasingly successful, which means that the average price, because the product is more sophisticated, the average price increases. So revenue sales increase as it occurs at a given scale. That explains why growth is higher than those who sell more ordinary products that are a lot cheaper. But since we're speaking about pricing, we try and ensure that the customer who buys a sophisticated leather product from Vuitton Dior, that he really does get an outstanding product. We have at Louis Vuitton, we have machines of torture for all the leather goods. If you like, one day, maybe invite you to visit what remains of certain products of certain competitors when they emerge from the torture machines of Louis Vuitton. Sometimes there's not much left, whereas the Vuitton has to remain in the machine for a week before it can go to the stores. That's the difference. It's really this focus on quality. I think there was another question. It was for you, Jean-Jacques. You're going to have the last word, you see. Yes, I will answer and that will bring this session to an end. So I can confirm that the profit margins of Vuitton have not come down. In fact, well, they may have, in fact, increased, but I'm not going to confirm the numbers you have given because we do not go into the specifics of Vuitton. But assuming that the margins may have gone up, there are two factors to explain this. Number one, we had a significant increase in volumes. And so that meant there was less depreciation, especially on finished products in 2021 than in previous years because of the volumes. And because of the volumes, there is also a better absorption of operating expenses. However, there are no one-off items. There had been some in 2020, but not in 2021, such as renegotiated leases. Indeed, we renegotiated the leases in 2020 when the shops were closed, but there was no significant effects in 2021. But it's true, we were able better to absorb our operating expenses. Well, ladies and gentlemen, thank you so very much for attending this presentation of the 2021 results. And I certainly hope that next time around, it will be an actual in-presence meeting. It will be my pleasure to let you try out our best champagnes. Thank you.

