 Good day, and thank you for standing by.
 Welcome to Ferrari 2021 Full Year Results Conference Call.
 At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode.
 After the speaker's presentation, there will be the question-and-answer session.
 To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star and 1 on your telephone
 keypads.
 Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.
 it. If you require any further assistance over the phone, please press star 0. I would
 now like to have the
 conference over to our first speaker today, Nicoleta Russo. Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Nadia, and welcome to everyone who is joining us.
 Today, we plan to cover the group's full year 2021 operating results and 2022 guidance.
 In light of this, the duration of the call is expected to be around 60 minutes.
 Today's call will be hosted by the group CEO, Mr. Benedetto Vigna, and group CFO, Mr. Antonio Picca-Piccon.
 All relevant materials are available in the investor section of the Ferrari corporate website
 and at the end of the presentation we will be available to answer your questions before we begin
 Let me remind you that any forward-looking statements we might make during today's call
 are subject to the risks and uncertainties mentioned in the safe harbor statement
 included on page 2 of today's presentation
 and the call will be governed by this language.
 With that said, I'd like to turn the call over to Benedetto.
 Thank you, Nicoletta.
 Thank you everyone for joining us today.
 Three months have passed since the last time we met digitally all together and many things
 have happened in our company.
 today
 I will be delighted to take you through the 2021 result, and I will provide a little taste
 about what's happening in our company.
 Our performance in 2021 was very robust from both a quantitative and qualitative point of view.
 Numbers first.
 We close the years, setting a new record in terms of results across all metrics,
 posting double-digit growth and above pre-pandemic level.
 The results were higher than the targets we had already upgraded when we shared our third quarter results.
 Five excellent results to remember.
 first 4.3 billion euro revenues materially exceeding for the first time in our history
 the threshold level of 4 billion euro.
 Over 11,000 cars shipped with significant growth in all regions.
 In China, our deliveries doubled year over year.
 35.9% exceptionally strong EBDA margin reached at a record level.
 Impressive 640 million euro industrial free cash flow generation, mainly thanks to the advanced
 cost.
 on the species special series and thanks to the discipline and timing of
 of capex spend and all this with no impact on our product plan the last point is we have the
 strongest ever order book in our history.
 up double digit versus the prior years
 and covering well into 2023.
 with all regions showing significant growth.
 How did we achieve these excellent, these five excellent results?
 Firstly, we have to thank our incredible customers, both existing and new.
 And all the women, and all the men,
 of Ferrari for their outstanding
 work.
 Secondly, it was possible thanks to the strong margin contribution of the Monza SP1 and SP2.
 Thirdly, this was further boosted by our decision to seize commercial opportunities on certain models in line with our order intake evolution.
 We also benefited from deliveries of the SF90 Stradale being moved to 21 from previous year 2020.
 and
 last but not least
 We have capitalized on a strong economic climate, as evidenced also by the solid performance of our pre-owned business
 And on the enthusiasm of our customers, whose delight in sharing their Ferrari passion with us has been so evident at our event.
 After these five excellent results, the five key priorities we focused on on all the year 2021.
 product excellence
 Customer experience, motor racing, brand diversification, and carbon neutrality.
 Let's start with product.
 Last year, we unveiled four new models,
 demonstrating our leadership in technology, in design and driving experience.
 They all received an enthusiastic response from the market and worldwide acclaim.
 in May
 we unveiled
 the 812 Competizione and the 812 Competizione Aperta, our latest special series with its
 revolutionary
 aerodynamics and they were all sold out prior to the official launch as a testament to the vigorous
 demand for our
 V12 models. Just a month later, in June, we launched the accelerating 296 GTB featuring
 our latest hybrid powertrain
 combining
 a V6 turbo and electric motor.
 It exceeded previous models, order intake, over the same relative period, and now a solid
 The pipeline of experiences for our customers is already planned for the current year.
 further fueling our ambition for this model.
 I drove this car several times
 and the go-kart feeling
 and the fun to drive experience
 you can have a really unique
 believe me
 A few weeks ago, in November, the new Icona, the most powerful V12 ever made,
 whose unveiling, I had the pleasure of attending in Florence, surprised our most loyal Ferraristi.
 of craftsmanship performance and design already awarded internationally and limited to 599 units
 which have all been allocated in advance of its premiers
 and we've untapped demand
 way, way
 exceeding the limited series run so we enter this year 22 with considerable momentum thanks to two
 Two factors.
 One, the strongest ever order book.
 into a broad portfolio of models.
 The order book first.
 It has never been so strong.
 the positive trend
 characterized the whole years and continued in Q4 when we experienced
 impressive order intake despite our decision to close the order collection on certain models.
 Second, the new product portfolio.
 not only
 Do we have the broadest, most innovative and most beautiful range of cars ever offered to our customers?
 But we also plan to further enrich these with two server launches this year, completing the 15 launches promised at the Capital Market Day in 2018.
 In these years, in 22, we will unveil the much anticipated Puro Sangue, which I'm confident will exceed our customer expectations.
 I drove it several times in the hills around Maranello, the day and night, for the test,
 And I can testify that the driving experience is really astonishing.
 but I do not want to say more
 to avoid, to spoil such a surprise.
 Now, after product, customer, experience.
 In the course of 2021, it has been really liberating to be able to start arranging events with them again.
 to mention a few of them
 We marked Cavalcade's 10th anniversary with a very special event in Sicily for classic and modern drivers
 And we restarted our Tributi and Corse clienti activities, culminating in the Finale Mondiale at Mugello, where I met so many of our customers and fans, all passionate about Ferrari.
 Now, our motor racing activities.
 2021 was our best ever season in GT racing.
 with Ferrari winning the drivers and manufacturers world titles in FIA World Endurance Championship
 And we victory at the 24 hours of Le Mans with our 488 GTE Evo.
 The Formula One 2021 season also showed encouraging sign toward its end, with third place in the Constructure Championship.
 championship 2022 is the first year with a complete new set of technical rules
 and our new car will be presented in a few days, on February 17th.
 we are also redefining our strategic partner along three directions.
 one
 We welcome back Banco Santander.
 to
 we tap current segments
 with new partners such as SIVA Logistics in the transportation space.
 Three, we strengthen our relationship with leading-edge technological partners,
 such as Amazon Web Services and Velas, to be at the forefront of digital technologies and Web 3.0.
 Such a stronger partner portfolio confirms, once again, the continued allure of the most successful team in F1 history, Scuderia Ferrari.
 and what about the brand diversification
 Well, last year we made excellent progress in extending our brand into exciting new territories.
 In June, we launched the first ever Ferrari fashion collection.
 In July, we reopened the iconic Cavallino restaurant in the heart of Maranello,
 and in the second half of last year
 we renovated our stores in Italy and USA.
 in 2022 we plan to move forward and the first important milestone will be the upcoming fashion
 show in Milan later this month.
 Last but not least, carbon neutrality by 2030.
 in a further step
 towards our goal
 in Q4
 We received ISO 14064 certification for our calculation of the group's carbon footprint.
 This certification has been really an important step forward.
 In addition to our electrification journey, we are also committed to addressing both
 direct, indirect
 emission.
 with a focus on energy
 and material
 across all
 our entire
 and entire
 value chain.
 As always, our focus was not only our external stakeholders.
 we continued to invest in our employees
 true to our founders
 believe that Ferrari
 is made
 above all by people.
 We invested in training for our employees, caring for their well-being and nurturing the diversity of talent in our company.
 Our efforts were rewarded in 2021 by equal salary certification
 for the second consecutive year in Italy
 and for the first time in the United States.
 The year has been really outstanding thanks to the passion, the dedication of Ferrari people
 and to reward their achievement in line with the company's strong performance indicators,
 I'm really pleased to announce the company, the yearly competitive award, up to slightly over 12,000 euro for our employees.
 And now, after the 2021 highlight, let's have a look at the futures, at our futures.
 a small taste before providing the full picture on June 16 when we meet here.
 We are targeting 2022 to be a solid year on the trajectory to reach the 2023 EBDA target of 1.82 billion euro as announced in 2018.
 How do we want to do this?
 How we want to achieve this goal.
 Well, there are three clear directions we identified.
 Number one, we will carefully manage a vibrant order intake in line with our strategy to pursue control and grow to preserve our brand exclusivity.
 Two, we will manage the Monza's phase-out whilst the Daytona's deliveries will start in 2023.
 Three.
 Three, as I already explained in the last call, innovation requires partners.
 And it is what we start to do.
 Love from Amazon and Velas, just to mention a few of them.
 and some others, some other important technology partnership
 will follow up in the near future.
 2022 is a very important year for us.
 It's not only the 75th anniversary of our company.
 It also sets the foundation for a new business plan, which will be presented at our capital
 market.
 Market Day on June 16 here in Maranello.
 This will also be occasion to meet in person some members of our new organization.
 recently announced
 and achieved through both
 the promotion of
 home-grown talents
 and the number of key strategic external eyes.
 The new organization is designed to further foster innovation,
 optimized processes
 enhance agility and increase collaboration.
 People are the soul of our company.
 And I'm confident we will seize the opportunities ahead of us
 in this fast-evolving environment.
 I will now hand over to Antonio who will review the 2021 result and 2022 guidance.
 Thank you, Benedetto, and good morning or afternoon to everyone who is joining us today.
 let me start on page 7 where you can see the highlights of the 2021 earnings
 very strong year which shows high double digit growth on all metrics compared to
 2020, and
 more meaningfully a remarkable
 increase versus
 pre-pandemic levels.
 Our shipments reached 11,155 units, up 22% versus the prior year, and 10% versus 2019.
 Group net revenues were 4,271,000,000 euro, increased 23% versus prior year and 13% versus 2019, driven mainly by volume and stronger product mix.
 EBITDA came in at 1.531.000.000 euro, up 34% versus 2020, and close to 21% versus 2019.
 The EBDA margin reached a record level of 35.9%, boosted by the contribution from the Ferrari
 margin.
 and an otherwise very rich product mix.
 EBIT was 1 billion and 75 million euro,
 up 50% versus 2020 and 17% versus 2019.
 the improvement of both
 operating margins compared to our
 latest guidance mainly reflects the upward revision of the commercial revenues from the F1
 commercial right holder recorded in Q4.
 2020, and 19% versus 2019, resulting in an adjusted diluted EPS of 4.5 euro, improved by 56% versus prior year.
 industrial freakish law
 for the year was exceptionally
 strong at 642 million euro, supported mainly by the collection of the advances for the A12
 Competizione
 Turning to page 8, you can see the details of the shipments of the full year 2021, up 22% versus 2020.
 Sales of 8 cylinders were up about 35% while 12 cylinders were down 16% mainly due to the
 reduced volume of the 812 superfast, which was
 phase out in the year.
 here.
 Our deliveries were driven by the range models, the F8 family, the Ferrari Roma and the SF90
 which reached global distribution.
 The Portofino M and the SF90 Spyder in wrap-up phase.
 Shipments of the Ferrari-Monza SP1 and SP2 were higher compared to the prior year, in line with planning, and reaching the end of production.
 All geographic regions posted double-digit growth.
 Moving to page 9, you can see the walk of our group net revenues, up 26% at Constant
 currency the increasing revenues from cars and spare parts up almost 29 percent at custom currency
 was supported by
 higher volumes and strong
 enrichment of the product mix
 along with personalizations.
 Revenues from personalizations were higher than the prior year in absolute terms, sustained by volumes.
 They were in line with the historical average at around 18% in proportion to revenues from cars and spare parts.
 Engine's revenues were up about 26%.
 The improvement is related to higher shipments Maserati and, to a lesser extent, to the rental of engines to other Formula 1 racing teams.
 Increasing sponsorship, commercial and brand, up close to 13% at cost and currency, was attributable to the more favorable Formula 1 calendar and brand-related activities, partially offset by lower priority ranking.
 This increase reflects also the upward revisions of the commercial revenues from Formula 1
 that I mentioned before.
 currency including translation and transaction impact as well as foreign currency edges at the
 negative contribution of 80 million euro
 mostly related to the U.S. dollar and the Japanese yen this quarter.
 moving to page 10
 Let me review the change in our EBIT bridge, explained by the following variances.
 First, volume was positive for 220 million euros, reflecting the shipment's increase.
 Second, mixed price variance was also positive for 212 million euros, boosted by a richer product mix.
 thanks to the SF90 family and the Ferrari Monza SP1 and SP2, along with personalizations.
 personalizations, partially offset by the ramp-up of the Ferrari Roma and the Portofino
 M and the reduced contribution of the A12 superfast.
 As already mentioned by Benedetto, the product mix in 2021 was further boosted by our decision
 to seize commercial opportunities
 on certain models
 in line with order intake evolution had also benefited from deliveries of the SF90 Stradale being moved to 2021 from 2020.
 Third, industrial and R&D expenses increased 65 million euro, mainly due to higher DNA,
 product innovation activities and Formula 1 expenses, net of technology-related government incentives, as well as startup costs.
 Fourth, SG&A were negative by 14 million euros, mainly reflecting communication and marketing
 activities of model unveilings and lifestyle events, as well as the company's organizational
 development.
 Lastly, other increased EUR 83 million, reflecting the more favourable Formula 1 calendar and
 higher contribution from band related and other supporting activities
 partially offset by the impact of the lower Formula 1 ranking of 2020.
 The total net impact of currencies was negative for 77 million euro.
 As a result of what I just mentioned, EBIT reached €1,075,000,000, up 50.2% versus the prior year, with an EBIT margin of 25.2%.
 Turning to page 11, industrial free cash flow generation for the year was remarkable and equal to 642 million euro, sustained by the strong growth in ABDA and the collection of advances on the A12 competition.
 The above-mentioned advances, provisions, and other receivables and payables was almost neutral also due to the cadence of our capital expenditure, which stood at 737 million euros.
 The capitalization ratio was approximately 39% for the year,
 and in line with the prior year.
 Net industrial debt, as of the end of December 21, was 297 million euros, compared to 543 million euros at the end of 2020.
 It's worth mentioning that excluding the dividend distribution of 162 million euros and 231
 million euro of share repurchase, we would have been cash positive at the end.
 Let's move on page 12.
 Here we explain the main drivers of our guidance for 2022,
 which targets a solid growth and continues to demonstrate the EBDA progress
 on the trajectory to reach our 2023 EBITDA target
 of 1.8 to 2 billion euro
 as announced back in 2018.
 while in 2022 our profitability will continue to expand in absolute terms
 carefully leveraging our record order book,
 percentage-wise the marginality will be flattened
 by a product mix
 which will be richer
 but not enough
 to offset the negative impact
 of the monza phasing out and of the daytona deliveries starting in 2023 more diversified by
 but lower revenues
 from sponsorship
 and a step up in DNA
 in line with the start of production
 of new models which will start the deliveries in 2023 or which contribute marginally in 2022.
 On the industrial free cash flow side, the generation will be robust, supported by the
 strong operating results and the collection of advances on the Daytona SP3.
 This will be partially offset by capital expenditures of approximately 800 million
 euro as we expect the lower capex seen in 2021 to rephase partly in 2022 but also by much higher taxes
 commensurate to the very strong results posted in 2021
 Page 12, we show the progress that we aim to achieve based on our guidance
 since our starting point of 2018 until the end of 2022.
 in essence
 promised at the 2018 Capital Markets Day for the accumulated EBDA, and fully on target in terms of
 accumulated industrial free cash flow generation over the planned period, albeit with a different
 and time profile.
 We want to achieve such results despite the impact of this pandemic.
 pandemic.
 to meeting our ambitions, I believe this will prove once again the resilience and strength
 of our business model
 based on brand exclusivity, product excellence, leading-edge technology and innovation.
 Such awareness allows us to look at the future with great confidence.
 That said, I turn the call over to Nicoletta.
 them. Thank you.
 Thank you, Antonio.
 Nadia, please, we are now ready to start our Q&A session.
 Thank you.
 Dear participants, we will now begin our question and answer session.
 As a reminder, if you wish to ask a question, please press star and one on your telephone
 keypad and wait for a name to be announced.
 the first question comes from land of
 Michael Binetti from Credit Suisse.
 please go ahead
 Hey, good morning, guys.
 Thanks for all the details today and for taking our questions.
 I guess I'm trying to think about the structure of the guidance you laid out for 22 relative to where we were at.
 I know you guys have been focusing us on the 2018 Analyst Day
 and helping explain the differences and similarities
 pushed out the $1.8 to $2.0 billion next year.
 This year, you've got revenues in line at 4.8 with the low end of that original plan,
 but EBIT below by maybe $100 million at the low end of the plan.
 And maybe you could just help us understand what's different on the same revenue base
 that drives EBIT a little bit lower this year.
 And if it's, you know, I think you were originally said maybe a few units of ProSign would start to ship in 2022.
 today you clarified that
 that they'll be in 23.
 So maybe it's a timing mismatch, but I wonder how much of it might be attributable to the profitability of ProSong relative to the overall fleet.
 Is that a car that you view as a creative to corporate margins or to the rest of the fleet?
 Antonio, can you help me with it?
 Thank you, Michael. If I get your question right, I think the difference compared to the guidance that we gave back in 2018 is largely due to the different timing of introduction of the cars compared to what we modeled at that time.
 obviously we are
 seizing the commercial opportunity that we are having.
 so, the significant
 strong order books on on v8 entry models is helping in that respect um while as we mentioned
 i think that the the gap that we have between the phase out of the of the monza introduction
 of Daytona is
 that is impacting the level of the margins, both EBIT and EBITDA.
 In addition to that, as far as EBIT is concerned, we have this DNA impact, which is due to the fact that we start producing new cars that are coming in the next one.
 I don't know whether this is enough or I think in terms of color this should help.
 let me follow that for one second
 You know, you have Daytona and ProSan confirmed to start shipping next year after what you described as a headwind from mix this year, largely Monza.
 But if the guide is now $1.8 to $2 billion for next year, the low end of that guide assumes EBITDA growth will slow to about 6% in 2023 from 11% in 2022.
 how should we think about
 the the top end versus the bottom end of the guidance in that range what would
 What scenario do you see that would explain a slowdown to an EBITDA growth next year?
 Maybe there's some phasing of investments as you guys look at the big initiatives like electric and those kind of things.
 I'm just curious if you could help us think about that.
 Yeah, I think volumes will keep on growing anyway, with better margins, with mix which will be stronger, which is supported by the new Econa coming in.
 and this isn't the
 as far as the
 contribution of our core business
 And then we added the other businesses that we expect also to grow.
 I mean, brand is still very low in 2022, we expect it to be better.
 in terms of a one
 there are some elements including the budget cap introduction that that's of
 of course, in terms of the cost side.
 Thanks, and congrats on a great year, guys.
 Appreciate it.
 Thank you.
 comes online of Adam Jonas from Morgan Stanley.
 Please ask your question.
 uh thanks very much and i cannot wait until june 16th uh that's going to be really that's going to
 be so special. So I look forward to meeting you all in person.
 um benedetto uh when you you guys recently struck a deal with the swiss blockchain uh company vellus
 network, how should investors think about the potential for the Ferrari brand in the
 metaverse
 or in the NFT or digital space.
 Thank you for the question, Jonas, and also looking forward to meet you in person on the 16th of June.
 I think that
 as we said
 It's important that we look and we see how the new technologies can help our brand.
 for sure
 The digital technologies, the web 3.0 technologies that are using the blockchain and the NFT is an area that can be interesting for us.
 It deserves some attention.
 there are many
 as you know
 there are many
 There is a lot of movement on the market about this.
 Some companies even changed the name.
 and I think this is an area
 that where we have to put our attention
 and that's reason also why
 I put
 the
 we have in place
 If you have seen in the organization,
 a department that is called digital
 in the right
 and data because
 I mean it's an important dimension
 that we as Ferrari
 we have to evaluate it to consider for the future.
 Okay.
 I look forward to learning more about that, Benedetto.
 My follow-up is, do you believe electric vehicles expand the addressable market for the Ferrari brand?
 and if so, how?
 Thank you.
 So do you think that the electric vehicles will expand the brand?
 do you think that as Ferrari
 brings forth
 all electric vehicles that that grows
 the addressable market and revenue potential for the brand and if so how do you see that happening
 Or why?
 Okay, I think the point is the following.
 I mean, electrification is one technology, like the digitalization, that we will harness
 always in our
 unique Ferrari way
 as you know
 We already started to hybridize our model a few years ago.
 We have already three models on the road that are pretty much successful.
 SF90 Stradar and Spyder and 296 GTB.
 And I believe that the electrification is a way, is a technology, is a way that can help our brand to keep the pace with the time.
 That's what I believe Adam.
 Okay, thanks, Benedetto.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from Lan of Susi Tibalti from UBS.
 Please ask a question.
 Hi, thank you for taking my question.
 So my first one would be, just to go back on Michael's question on the 22 guide, so
 your revenue guide for
 2022
 is quite high
 and
 And so given that the mix is going to be not that strong,
 it kind of implies a good step up in volume.
 and so I was wondering if this is a correct assumption or if there is
 something else that will contribute
 meaningfully to the top line
 because you mentioned that also in terms of some sponsorship is a little bit lower.
 so it seems like
 this good
 increasing revenues should come mostly from
 the volume growth.
 So I just wanted to check if that's the right way
 to think about it.
 Hi, Susie, Antonio speaking.
 Your assumption is correct.
 volume will be higher so we'll grow there and this is because also the order book is significantly
 higher than we're used to
 discovering well into
 2023
 It's not true that the mix is weak.
 week i mean actually the the product range mix is high it's simply not enough improving compared to
 the loss of the of the monza and the introduction some few some months later of the daytona
 Okay, but basically year-over-year volumes will be positive and mixed we expect to be slightly negative, overall.
 Okay.
 okay got it
 um and on pricing um so in 21 it was the first time that you you pushed through a like for like
 price increase about two percent um if i remember correctly was mostly due to the inflation to the
 inflation
 and given that inflation
 for the moment is not really going
 away, should we expect
 something similar for 22?
 Are you planning to potentially push through some price increase to offset the inflation?
 or was it a one-off in 2021?
 Yeah, this is an important point.
 I mean, there is some pressure on the energy, on the aluminum cost, and we will apply this price increase to consider for that.
 but we will also leverage other important levers when it comes to the pricing of the new model
 and selected, I mean, a price increase of selected model
 and also the personalization.
 So this is an important factor we are factoring in, Susie.
 Okay, very clear.
 And very quick, just a follow-up on your free cash flow.
 So in the slide that you show that you basically, you're in line, you achieve the 2.4 to 2.8
 accumulated cash flow as
 promised.
 So basically the fact that you were guiding previously to a $1.1 to $1.25 billion industrial free cash flow is just a matter of phasing, right?
 because it feels like that has been just faced differently due to the to the
 facing all the models or was there some kind of advances for a future maybe
 hypercar which i've been changing timing you got it right susie phasing is the exact answer okay
 Okay, perfect. Thanks a lot.
 Welcome.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the line of John Murphy from Bank of America.
 Please ask a question.
 All right.
 Good afternoon, everybody, and thanks for the time.
 just wanted to follow up on that pricing discussion
 I mean, obviously, there's cost inflation that's going on, but you're talking about your order book being longer than it ever has been before.
 So is there a greater opportunity to, you know, take price, explain it to your customers as there's cost inflation to you?
 They're relatively sophisticated to offset that, but then also to maybe, you know, help balance out the supply and demand in the business.
 It's a very high-class problem, but it seems like there might be a greater pricing opportunity than you've ever even had before.
 Thank you.
 I think this is what you say it's important
 and we are considering, I mean, we are applying the price increase
 And we are monitoring carefully what's happening on these two dimensions of energy and aluminum.
 And again, as I said, we will introduce also a new model and we will apply in direct
 in the right way, the pricing.
 So this is an important dimension that we are careful about,
 also because we all know
 what is the pressure that there is in the supply chain all over the world.
 On the other side, I have to say that we have also on the supply chain, I mean, we have some good partners, reliable partners we can leverage on.
 Okay, and then just a second question on the transition to EVs.
 You know, it's very interesting that Daytona is a V12 naturally aspirated engine.
 um you know that sounds great to me personally um but you know obviously there's a push towards
 towards EVs.
 Given your close relationship with your customers and you kind of build a design engineer and build what they want, what are you hearing from your customers at this point on this transition?
 I mean, many other companies are slaves to guessing at where EV penetration will go and what they should do with their powertrain investment.
 but you have direct access and good discussion and relationships with your
 customers.
 So what are they telling you?
 Because on the Daytona, it seems like they're saying, hey, we probably don't want this right now.
 but the reality is some people might.
 So, I mean, what are your customers telling you right now?
 But I think we have, I mean, we have different kind of Ferraristi, each one with its own preferred, let's say, models and proportion.
 so we have
 Ferraristi
 that I have seen them
 in Florence when
 we launched the Daytona
 and they were extremely, extremely happy and delighted to see such a beautiful car.
 I have seen also customers trying the 296 GTB.
 That is a kind of different car with different feeling.
 so I think that
 if you want to get
 May Vierbeek
 from the customers is that we have customers with different feelings, different needs,
 different perception
 and even the same customer for a different moment can prefer the V12, the aspirated one, or the V6 hybrid.
 So there is a mix of different customers with different feelings and different needs, different emotions.
 motion but it's fair to say that you're not guessing at this you're having these discussions
 with your customers.
 So what you're introducing and you're building is what they want.
 you're never going to missestimate the EV penetration on the models, right?
 I mean, if this is something that's well known by you through that order book
 and your discussions with your customers.
 Is that a fair statement?
 I'm saying that there is a clear trend, and we will work on, for sure, an electric vehicle,
 and you will see the strategy line up here in June 2016.
 What I want to say is that there are customers, different customers that prefer different kind of propulsion scheme.
 So we are aware, obviously, of what's happening.
 we have planned for that
 But we are also aware of the different feelings and different emotions the customers want to get with different production scheme.
 okay great
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 the next question comes online
 of Giulio Pescatore from BNP Paribas exam.
 please ask your question
 hi thanks for picking my question
 I just want to follow up on the previous point.
 In your answer, did you mean that as long as customers will want combustion engines,
 you would be willing to provide them, even if we think about 10 or 20 years down the line?
 I think that the technology is useful as far as it addresses customer needs.
 We have to delight the customer.
 We have to, I mean, this is important for us.
 so if we are moving
 piston or we are moving other other things that's what we want to do okay
 Okay, thank you.
 Second question on the order book for the 296 GTB, which you said builds faster than the previous processor of that vehicle.
 Does that mean that that car could potentially do the same type of volumes that a Tribute
 F8 or a 488 did in the past?
 And can we talk about the differences in demographics between that vehicle and the 488?
 Yeah, you can go on to the next.
 I think you have a...
 We won't provide it with the forecast on volume life cycle.
 However, as Benedetta said before, the receipt has been very strong in terms of order
 compared to our previous internal benchmarks.
 The other element, yes, I think you are addressing the fact that our customer base for this car is slightly younger, and this is true.
 I mean, really, you need to drive it to experience it.
 It's a...
 Oh, after you to provide a driving experience at your CMD, I'll be more than happy.
 Yeah, three wheels.
 the
 Thank you very much.
 Fantastic.
 Fantastic. Great to see you. I'll be there.
 Maybe just one last one before I pass on to the next speaker.
 on the FIG ESO for 2022.
 too. I really struggled to bridge
 your guidance which feels very very conservative at the lower end at least
 I understand the stuff I've been cupping.
 I understand that there are going to be higher taxes, but can you maybe help us with the
 amount of deposits that we should expect from from the Daytona and how many
 deposits that you received last year for the competition because it's really difficult to
 to bridge little numbers.
 Well, I will not comment on the degree on conservatives of the estimate, but basically
 And our cash flow is relatively simple.
 I mean, we have DABTA, and you know what the guidance is.
 you know what we said about capex i think the whole question is about the working capital
 where we include in the
 wider definition also the impact
 of the advances
 on the limited series cars.
 so the Daytona
 We are talking about more than 200 million, more or less, in terms of current estimate.
 The other element you should not underestimate is the impact of taxes, because we are obviously paying taxes both in terms of the balance and the advance on the basis of the results of 2021.
 and it makes a big difference
 compared to what we paid in 2021 based on the results of 2020 that were impacted by by the
 pandemic. I hope this provides you a better understanding of the details.
 Yeah, but you're still benefiting from the patent box, right?
 The button box is helping, but not in terms of cash, not at the level it did at the very beginning,
 because now the the law provides for the benefit cash wise in three install three-year installments
 So this has been already visible in 2021 and it will be obviously in 2022.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the line of Martino D'Ambrogi from Equita.
 Please ask a question.
 Thank you.
 Good morning, good afternoon, everybody.
 my focus is on CapEx
 which is a portion of the lower free cash flow for the current year.
 So the 800 million may be considered a sort of peak for CapEx, or should we expect they will go beyond 1 billion annually going forward?
 and when you talk about
 partnerships. I remember
 you also mentioned
 partnership in order to reduce CapEx. I clearly understand you cannot talk about something
 was not announced, but just to
 elaborate a bit on this
 in order to understand what could be the magnitude of the reduction in CAPEX, if any.
 Thank you. Thank you, Marco. You remember well, the partnership are an important way forward for us.
 And as I said also before, there will be some partnership that, some important partnership for us, we will announce in the near future.
 I think
 that
 it's important
 that is always also what I said
 in my previous life
 to keep a strong discipline about CAPEX
 And to keep the momentum and to make sure to do something innovative, it's important we decide what we do internally, and we decided.
 and what we want to do with partners outside.
 So the two words are partnership and discipline.
 and as i said in the near future you will hear about an important partnership on something that
 is important for our car, but for which, let's say,
 we believe the best way forward is partnership.
 and on the amount of capex 800 million could be considered as a peak you can
 consider is more or less a good number to think about because we will use as I
 said, the partnership
 to optimize
 and to be disciplined.
 Okay, thank you.
 talking about volumes
 based on what you commented before
 I would expect higher volume growth than the usual, let's say, average 6% we saw in the last few years.
 Yeah, this is a bit a result of the significant net order intake increase that we have seen
 this year, so we need to serve
 this one. Obviously, we'll be very careful
 because the concept of scarcity remains crucial to our business model.
 and this is an element of
 significant attention we'll play all all leverages to to manage this one and for sure the broadest
 portfolio, the broad portfolio
 we have it's helping to protect also the brand exclusivity because in these years we have a lot
 of models that are in production.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Stefan Reitman from Société Générale. Please ask a question.
 Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Thank you for this.
 um i understand what you're saying about the mix in 2022 so just a little dig a little more detail in
 first of all
 is it my understanding that you'll still be selling
 to Monza's in the first quarter of 2022 so um we could see maybe something out there
 and the second question is
 about the cadence of deliveries of the 812 company
 How many would you expect to be delivered in 2020?
 There is a lot of noise on the background.
 we are having
 to understand your question.
 I don't know. It seems there is someone on mute. I don't know.
 I'll try again, sorry.
 Okay, try again.
 Sorry about that.
 Yeah, I'm sorry, no.
 I just want to ask, so first of all, understand that you will be selling still some eight
 It's one of the Monza's in the first quarter of this year.
 this model, will that have an impact expected in the first quarter of this year still?
 And secondly, could you talk about the cadence of deliveries of the A12 Competizione?
 obviously a very high margin car for you
 in the course of 2022.
 to. Thank you.
 I see them.
 I think in terms of the Monza, we'll complete the deliveries of the Monza in Q1, however
 than the absolute number
 will not be as high
 as it has been during the last quarter of this year.
 year, the 8-12 competition and competition
 Aperta will be spread quite evenly across the forequarter.
 Thank you.
 Welcome.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the last one.
 to learn of George Goliath from Goldman Sachs.
 please ask your question.
 thank you for taking my questions
 The first question I had was just on the volumes.
 obviously you're now above 11,000 units. I think in the past, previous management mentioned that
 max capacity was about 15,000 units on the existing industrial footprint, is that still
 roughly the right number
 to think about and in order to get there presumably you'd have to add shifts what's the kind of lead
 time from a training perspective to add incremental shifts. The second question I had
 was with respect to the carbon neutrality by 2030. Do you still expect e-fuels to play a prominent
 role in reaching that target and then finally obviously we had significant management changes
 and some exciting promotions and external hires during the quarter.
 Perhaps you could give some insight into the skill sets you are looking to promote as part of those management changes.
 Thank you.
 I start from the last one, the management change and the carbon neutrality.
 in the first one, Antonio, you will take it.
 So let's start from the management change.
 Yes, we did a big change at the beginning, end of last year, beginning of this change, beginning of these years.
 And we did along two directions, if you have seen.
 one side we promoted our internal talents that I had the pleasure to see
 because I talk to a lot of people in the company,
 and also with external lives.
 I think what the common threat that we wanted, and I wanted to push with this new organization,
 are the four
 the four following ones. Number
 Number one, the strong willingness to cooperate.
 Number two is about attention to innovation, and number three is the focus, to bring these
 things, especially in a transition area, to make the right choice, the right decision
 with the right timing to move forward.
 And number four is very important, especially nowadays.
 This is becoming very important for all the companies.
 in this continuous learning approach
 because we have to be open to listen at the other point of view,
 other people point of view and also the supplier point of view the partner point of view so these
 are the features
 that I want to boost
 with the new organization, again, organized with the homegrown talents
 and also external hires
 This keeps for granted, let me say, competencies that all these people are bringing in the game.
 coming to the second question
 the carbon neutrality
 As we said, the carbon neutrality, we will show you a clear plan when we meet here in Maranello.
 Maranello, the target is to become carbon neutral by 2030.
 we want to do it
 looking at all the carbon emission
 we generate directly
 as well as the carbon emission that gets generated along the value chain.
 and we want to do in a scientific way, scientific way,
 And so that's the reason why we are also proud, if you want, of this ISO certification we got in Q4 because it testifies that we are substantiating these numbers with a scientific approach.
 I think that if we want to tackle this properly, we need to do it scientifically,
 and that's what we will do, and that's what we will show you in June.
 now the the first question
 Antonio, you can take it.
 On the first one, yes, 15,000 units is the level of capacity that we have.
 There has been no change in that respect.
 And the second one we are working on to shift and we predict to be there and even for 2022.
 of themselves.
 Great. Thank you. Yeah, very helpful. Thank you very much.
 and looking forward to the CMD.
 Likewise.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes to the line of Monica Bossier from Intense, San Paolo.
 So please ask your question.
 Good afternoon, everyone.
 I hope that you can hear me.
 My first question is on the volume growth in 2022.
 to on the back of the Strong Order book,
 the ramp-up of the new entry model C in 2022.
 The volume's impact will be significant over the current year.
 I was wondering if this could bring
 to some phase out of some models such as the S8.
 and as for the price
 makes.
 I was wondering.
 I was wondering if you can elaborate on what do you expect in terms of personalization
 2022.
 too. And
 my second question
 are housekeeping questions.
 as for the advances
 from the Daytona
 Should we assume an impact mostly in the first part of the year?
 Is it correct?
 And in terms of taxes, you mentioned that the taxes would be higher at the cash impact
 level in 2022.
 Can you give us some highlights at the P&L level?
 Thank you very much.
 I take the part of the face-out of the model.
 As I said, in Q4, we stopped at the...
 We did not take an order anymore on some models, and this is done for the sake of brand exclusivity.
 the personalization gives a good contribution to our top line
 and for the Daytona
 the taxes, maybe Anton, you can take it.
 Sure.
 that I put it on a significantly contributing in terms of cash flow with
 advances on Q1.
 Maybe you remember what happened back in 2019 with the Monza.
 And in terms of taxi, yes, we are currently projecting something like approximately 200
 million additional cash out
 for taxes during the course of 2022.
 Thank you so much.
 Welcome.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much for all your questions.
 And now I would like to hand the conference over to our main speaker today, Mr. Benedetto Vigna.
 Thank you so much.
 Go ahead.
 Thank you. Thank you so much.
 and thanks all for your time this afternoon
 and also for all your questions.
 let me close by
 underscoring three things
 One, our excellent 2021 financial result with an exceptional EBDA margin.
 two
 our record order book
 covering well into 2023 and three our broad innovative and beautiful product range
 with two new launches to come
 in this year, in 2022.
 today I realize we I mean we provided a little taste of what's happening in our
 company I realize that you want to hear more and we are as eager as ever to see
 these opportunities ahead of us and to share with all of you the full picture on june 16
 in Maranello at Capital Market Day.
 so good afternoon everyone
 thanks again for your attention
 in Tokyo in the next quarter.
 Thank you.
 That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect. Have a nice day.