 Good day and thank you for standing by.
 Welcome to Ferrari 2021 Full Year Results Conference Call.
 at this time or participants are in listen only mode.
 After this speaker's presentation, there will be the question and answer session.
 To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star and one on your telephone
 keypads.
 Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.
 If you require any further assistance over the phone, please press star 0.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to our first speaker today, Nicoletta Rousseau.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Nadia, and welcome to everyone who's joining us.
 Today we plan to cover the group's full year 2021 operating results and 2022 guidance in
 In light of this, the duration of the call is expected to be around 60 minutes.
 Today's call will be hosted by the group CEO, Mr. Benedetto Vigna, and Group CFO, Mr. Antonio Pica-Picon.
 All relevant materials are available in the investor's section of the Ferrari Corporate
 the website and at the end of the presentation we will be available to answer your questions.
 Before we begin, let me remind you that any forward looking
 statements we might make during today's call are subject to the risks and uncertainties
 mentioned in the Safe Harbour Statement.
 It's included on page two of today's presentation, and the call will be governed by this language
 With that said, I'd like to thank all of you for watching this video.
 I'd like to turn the call over to Benedetto.
 Thank you, Nicoletta.
 Thank you, everyone, for joining us today.
 three months have passed since the last time we met digitally all together and many things
 have happened in our company.
 today I will be delighted to take you through the 2021 result and I will provide a little taste
 about what's happening in our company.
 Our performance in 2021 was very robust, from both a quantitative and qualitative point of view.
 Numbers first.
 We close the years setting a new record in terms of result across all metrics
 and above pre-pandemic level.
 There are
 .
 results were higher than the target.
 we had already upgraded when we shared our third quarter results.
 Five, five excellent result to remember.
 first 4.3 billion euro revenues materially exceeding for the first time in our history,
 the threshold level of 4 billion euro.
 Over 11,000 cars shipped with significant growth in our region.
 In China, our deliveries doubled years over years.
 35.9% exceptionally strong ABDA margin reached at the record level.
 Impressive, 614 million euro industrial free cash flow generation, mainly thanks to the
 advances collected on the species special series and thanks to the discipline and timing of
 CapEx spend and all this with no impact on our product plan.
 The last point is we have the strongest ever-ordered book in our history.
 double digit versus the prior years and covering well into 2023. We've all
 All region.
 and all regions showing significant growth.
 How did we achieve this excellent?
 is five excellent results.
 Firstly, we have to thank our incredible customers,
 both existing and new.
 and all the women and all the men of Ferrari
 for their outstanding work.
 Secondly, it was possible thanks to the strong margin
 contribution of the Monza SP1 and SP2.
 thoroughly.
 These were
 was further boosted by our decision to seize commercial opportunities on certain models
 in line with our order intake evolution.
 We also benefited from deliveries of the SF-90 Stradale being moved to 21 from previous
 year 2020.
 And last, but not least, we have capitalized on a strong economic climate, as Evident said,
 also by the solid performance of our pre-owned
 business and on the enthusiasm of our customers who's delight in sharing their Ferrari passion
 with us has been so evident at our event.
 After these five external results, the five key priorities we focused on on all the year
 2021.
 product excellence, customer experience, motor racing, brand diversification, and carbon neutrality.
 Let's start with product.
 Last year, we unveiled four new models demonstrating our leadership in technology, in design and
 driving experience. They all received an enthusiastic response from the market and worldwide acclaim.
 It may.
 We unveil it.
 date 12 competizione and the date 12 competizione aperta.
 our latest special series with its revolutionary aerodynamics,
 and they were all sold out prior to the official launch.
 as a testament to the vigorous demand for our V12 models.
 Just a month later, in June, we launched the Accelerating
 296 GTB, featuring our latest hybrid powertrain, combining a V6 turbo and electric motor.
 exceeded previous models, order intake, over the same relative period.
 And now, a solid pipeline of experiences for our customer is already planned for the
 the current year.
 Barbara, fueling our ambition for this model.
 I drove this car several times.
 and the go-kart feeling and the fun-to-drive experience,
 you can have a really unique.
 Believe me.
 a few weeks ago, in November, the new Icona,
 the most powerful V12 ever made.
 Who's unveiling?
 I hear that the pleasure of attending in Florence
 surprised our most loyal Ferraristi.
 I'm talking about the Ferrari Daytona SP3.
 A masterpiece.
 of craftsmanship, performance, and design,
 already awarded internationally and limited to 599 units,
 which have all been allocated in advance of its premieres and we've untapped the demand way,
 way exceeding the limited serious plan.
 So we enter this year, 22, with considerable momentum.
 Thank you.
 to two factors.
 one, the strongest ever order book, and two, a broad portfolio of models.
 The order book first. It has never been so strong.
 The positive trend characterized the whole years and continued in Q4 when we experienced
 impressive ordering take, despite our decision to close the order collection on certain models.
 Second, the new product portfolio.
 Not only do we have the broadest, most innovative and most beautiful range of cars ever offered to our customers,
 But, we also plan to further enrich this with two server launches this year, completing
 the 15 launches.
 launches, promised at the Capital Market Day in 2018.
 In this year's, in 22, we will unveil the match anticipated
 puro sangue, which I'm confident will exceed our customer expectations.
 I drove it several times in the hills around the Maranello, the day and night for the test,
 and...
 And I can't testify that the driving experience is really astonishing, but I do not want to
 to see more to avoid to spoil such a surprise.
 Now, after product, customers experience.
 in the course of 2021.
 It has been really liberating to be able to start
 ranging events with them again.
 To mention a few of them, we market the Cavalcade's 10th anniversary with a very special event
 in Sicily for classic and modern drivers.
 And we restarted our tributi and course of client activities.
 culminating in the finale mondiali at mugello where i met so many of our
 our customers and fans all passionate about Ferrari.
 Now,
 our motor racing activities.
 2021 was our best ever season in GT racing.
 With Ferrari winning, the drivers and manufacturers
 world titles in FIA, world endurance championship, and we victory at the 24 hours of Le Mans with
 and our 488 GTE EVO.
 The Formula One 2021 season also showed an encouraging sign towards its end.
 third place in the construction championship. 2022 is the first year with a complete new
 new set of technical rules and our new car will be presented in a few days.
 on February 17th.
 We are also redefining our strategic partner
 along three directions.
 One, we welcome back bankos and denters.
 Two, we tap.
 current segments with new partners such as SIVA,
 logistic in the transportation space.
 Three, we strengthen our relationship
 with leading-edge technological partners such as Amazon Web Services and VELAS to be at
 the forefront of digital technologies and web 3.0.
 such stronger partner portfolio,
 confirms, once again, the continued alert of the most successful team in F1 history.
 Scuderia Ferrari.
 And what about brand diversification?
 Well, last year we made excellent progress
 in extending our brand into exciting new territories.
 In June, we launched the first ever Ferrari fashion collection.
 In July, we re-opened the iconic Cavallino restaurant
 in the heart of Maranello.
 And in the second half of last year,
 We renovated our stores in Italy and USA.
 In 2022, we plan to move forward,
 And the first important milestone will be the upcoming fashion show in Milan later this month.
 Last but not least, carbon neutrality by 2030.
 In a further step towards our goal in Q4, we received ISO 14064 certification for our
 calculation of the group's carbon footprint. This certification has been
 in really an important step forward.
 In addition to our electrification journey,
 We are also committed to addressing both direct, indirect emission with a focus on energy and
 material across all our entire value chain.
 As always, our focus was not only on external stakeholders.
 We continue to invest in our employees.
 to our founders believe that Ferrari is made above all by people.
 We invested in training for our employees, caring for their well-being and nurturing the diversity of talent in our company.
 Our efforts were rewarded in 2021.
 by equal salary certification
 for the second consecutive year in Italy,
 end for the first time in the United States.
 The year has been really outstanding thanks to the passion, the dedication of Ferrari
 people and to reward their achievement in line with the company's strong performance
 indicators.
 I'm really pleased to announce the company the yearly competitive award up to slightly
 over 12,000 euro for our employees.
 now, after the 2021 highlight, let's have a look at the future, at our future, a small taste
 before providing the full picture on June 16 when we meet here.
 We are targeting 2022 to be a solid year on the trajectory to reach the 2023 ABDA target
 of 1.8 billion euro as announced in 2018.
 How do we want to do this?
 And we want to achieve this goal.
 Well, there are three clear directions we identified.
 Number one, we will carefully manage a vibrant ordering take in line
 with our strategy to push you, control and grow to preserve our brand exclusivity.
 Number two, we will manage the month's face-out whilst the Daytona's deliveries will start
 in 2023.
 As I already explained in the last call, innovation requires partners.
 And it is what we start to do.
 Love from Amazon in Wales.
 just to mention a few of them.
 It's a matter.
 a matter of important technology partnership will follow up in the near future.
 for.
 2022 is a very important year for us.
 It's not only the 75th anniversary of our company.
 It also sets the foundation for a new business plan,
 which will be presented at Tower Capital Market Day on June 16, year in Maranello.
 This will also be a location to meet in person some members of our new organization, recently
 announced and achieved through both the promotion of home-grown talents and the number of key
 strategic externalize.
 The new organization is designed to further foster
 innovation, optimized processes, enhanced agility,
 and increase collaboration.
 People are the soul of our company.
 And I'm confident we will seize the opportunities ahead of us
 in this fast-evolving environment.
 I will now hand over to Antonio who will review the 2021 result and 2022 guidance.
 Thank you, Benedetto, and good morning or afternoon to everyone who is joining us today.
 Let me start on page seven, where you can see the highlights
 of the 2021 earnings, a very strong year,
 which shows high double-digit growth
 on all metrics compared to 2020.
 and more meaningfully, a remarkable increase
 versus pre-pandemic levels.
 Our shipments reached 11,155 units, up 22% versus the prior year, and 10% versus 2019.
 net revenues were €4 billion and €271 million, increased 23% versus prior year and 13% versus
 2019 driven mainly by volume and stronger product mix.
 ABDA came in at 1 billion and 531 million euro, up 34% versus 2020 and close to 21% versus
 2019.
 The ABDA margin reached a record level of 35.9%.
 boosted by the contribution from the Ferrari Monza, and,
 another wide, very rich product mix.
 EBIT was 1 billion and 75 million euro, up 50% versus 2020 and 17% versus 2019.
 The improvement of both operation margins compared to our latest guidance mainly reflects the
 upward revision of the commercial revenues from the F1 commercial right holder recorded
 in Q4. Adjusting net profit was 833 million, up 56% versus 2020, and 19% versus 2019, resulting
 in an adjusted diluted EPS of 4.5 euro improved by 56% versus prior year.
 Industrial freakish law for the year was exceptionally strong at 642 million euro
 U.S.
 And I'm sure we'll be very happy to work with you in the next few days because we are
 mainly by the collection of the advances for the A12 competizione.
 Turning to page 8, you can see the details of the shipments of the full year 2021 up 22% versus 2020.
 Sales of eight cylinders were up about 35%, while 12 cylinders were down 16%, mainly due
 to the reduced volume of the A-12 superfast, which was phased out in the year.
 Our deliveries were driven by the range models.
 family, the Ferrari Roma and the SF90 Stradale, which reached global distribution.
 the Portofino M and the SF-90 Spyder in wrapped up phase.
 The shipments of the Ferrari Monde SP1 and SP2 were higher compared to the prior year,
 in line with planning and reaching the end of production.
 All geographic regions posted double-digit growth.
 Moving to page nine, you can see the walk of our group
 I'm gonna try and use it.
 up 26% at constant currency.
 The increasing revenues from cars and spare parts, up almost 29% at custom currency, was
 supported by higher volumes and strong enrichment of the product mix, along with personalizations.
 Revenues from personalizations were higher than the prior year in absolute terms, sustained
 by volumes, they were in line with the historical average at around 18% in proportion to revenues
 from cars and spare parts.
 Engines revenues were up about 26%.
 The improvement is related to higher shipment to Maserati and to a lesser extent to the rental
 of engines to other Formula One racing teams.
 The increase in sponsorship, commercial and brand up close to 13% at cost and currency
 was attributable to the more favorable Formula One calendar and brand-related activities,
 partially offset by lower prior air ranking. This increase reflects also the upward revisions
 of the commercial revenues from Formula One that I mentioned before.
 currency, including translation and transaction impact as well as foreign currency edges at
 the negative contribution of 80 million euro.
 mostly related to the US dollar.
 and the Japanese yen in this quarter.
 Moving to page 10, let me review the change
 our EBIT bridge, explained by the following variances.
 The first volume was positive for 220 million euro, reflecting the shipments increase.
 One mix price variance was also positive for 212 million euro, boosted by a richer product
 mix.
 thanks to the FF90 family and the Ferrari Monza SP1 and SP2 along with personalizations.
 Partially upset by the ramp up of the Ferrari Roma and the Portofino M and the reduced contribution
 of the A12 Superfast.
 As already mentioned by Benedetto, the product mix in 2021 was further boosted by our decision
 to seize commercial opportunities on certain models in line with order and take evolution
 had also benefited from deliveries of the SF90 Stradale being moved to 2021 from 2020.
 Third, industry and R&D expenses increased 65 million euro, mainly due to higher DNA,
 of innovation activities and Formula One experiences,
 net of technology-related government incentives, as well as startup costs.
 Fourth, S-GNA were negative by 14 million euro, mainly reflecting communication and marking
 activities of model unveilings and lifestyle events, as well as the company's organizational
 development.
 Lastly, other increased 83 million euro, reflecting the more favorable Formula One calendar and
 higher contribution from Venn-related and other supporting activities, partially offset
 by the impact of the lower Formula One ranking of 2020.
 The total net impact of currencies was negative for 77 million euro.
 As a result of what I just mentioned,
 EBIT reached 1 billion and 75 million euro up 50.2% versus the prior year with an EBIT
 margin of 25.2 percent.
 Turning to page 11, industrial freakish flow generation for the year was remarkable and equal to
 to €642 million, sustained by the strong growth in ABDA and the collection of advances
 on the A12 competition.
 The working capital dynamic, including the above mentioned advances, provisions, and
 and other receivables and payable was almost neutral.
 also due to the cadence of our capital expenditure, which
 to that 737 million euro.
 The capitalization ratio was approximately 39% for the year,
 and in line with the prior year.
 net industrial debt is off the end of December 21 was 297 million euro compared to
 to €543 million at the end of 2020.
 It's worth mentioning that excluding the dividend distribution of 162 million euro and 231 million
 euro of share repurchase, we would have been cash positive at your end.
 Let's move on page 12.
 Here we explain the main drivers of our guidance for 2022, which targets a solid growth and
 continues to demonstrate the EBDA progress on the trajectory to reach our 2023 EBDA target
 of 1.8 to 2 billion euro as announced back in 2018.
 While in 2022, our profitability will continue to expand in absolute terms, carefully leveraging
 our record order book. Percentage wise, the marginality will be flattened by a product
 mix, which will be richer, but not enough to offset the negative impact of the
 months are phasing out, and of the Daytona delivery is starting in 2023.
 diversified by lower revenues from sponsorship and a step-up in DNA in line with the start
 of production of new models which will start the deliveries in 2023 or which contribute
 marginally in 2022.
 On the industrial free-cash flow side, the generation will be robust, supported by the
 strong operating results and the collection of advances on the Daytona SP3.
 This will be partially offset by capital expenditures of approximately 800 million euro, as we expect
 the lower capex seen in 2021 to re-phase partly in 2022, but also by much higher taxes commensurate
 to the very strong results posted in 2021.
 Page 10, the 12, we show the progress that we aim to achieve based on our guidance since
 our starting point of 2018 until the end of 2022. In essence, as of the end of this current
 year, we want to be very close to what we promised at the 2018 Capital Markets Day for
 accumulated EBDA and fully on target in terms of accumulated industrial free cash flow generation
 over the planned period.
 Albeit with a different time profile.
 and we want to achieve such results despite the impact of this pandemic.
 Subject to meeting our ambitions. I believe this will prove once again the resilience and strength of our business model
 based on brand exclusivity, product excellence,
 leading edge technology and innovation.
 Such awareness allow us to look at the future with great confidence
 With that said, I turn the call over to Nicoletta.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Antonio.
 Nadia, please, we are now ready to start our KNA session.
 Thank you.
 participants, we will now begin our question and answer session.
 As a reminder, if you wish to ask a question, please press star and one on your telephone
 keypad and mine for a name to be announced.
 The first question comes from Michael Binetti from Credit Suisse, please go ahead.
 Hey, good morning guys, thanks for all the details today
 for taking our questions.
 I guess I'm trying to think about the structure of the guidance you laid out for 22 relative
 to where we were at.
 I know you guys have been focusing us on the 2018 Analyst Day and helping explain the differences
 1.8 to 2.0 billion next year.
 This year, you've got revenues in line at 4.8 with the low end of that original plan,
 but ebit below by maybe 100 million at the low end of the plan.
 Maybe you can just help us understand what's different on the same revenue base that drives
 Thank you.
 And David.
 a little bit lower this year.
 And if it's, you know, I think you were originally said,
 maybe a few units of pro sign would start to ship in 2022.
 today, you clarified that, that they'll be in 23.
 So maybe it's a timing mismatch.
 But I wonder how much it might be attributable
 profitability of pro-song relative to the overall fleet, is that a car that you view
 creative to corporate margins or to the rest of the fleet.
 Antonio, can you help me with that?
 Thank you, Michael, if I get your question right.
 I think the difference compared to the guidance we gave back in 2018 is largely due to the
 the different timing of introduction of the car compared to what we modeled at that time,
 Obviously, we are seizing the commercial opportunity
 that we are having, so the significantly strong order
 books on V8 and remodels is helping in that respect, while, as we mentioned, I think the
 gap that we have between the phase out of the of the monzoid introduction of the Daytona
 is impacting the level of the margins, both EVT and EVTA.
 In addition to that, as far as EBIT is concerned, we have this DNA impact, which is due to the
 the fact that we start producing new cars that are coming in the next one.
 I don't know whether this is enough or I think in terms of color and this should help.
 Let me follow that for one second.
 And you may have that Daytona and ProSong confirmed to start shipping next year
 after what you described as a headwind from MIX this year, largely Monsa, but if the guide
 is now 1.8 to 2 billion for next year.
 The low end of that guide assumes EBITDA growth will slow to about 6% in 2023 from 11% in 2022.
 How should we think about the top end versus the bottom end of the guidance in that range?
 What scenario do you see that would explain a slowdown to an EBITDA growth next year?
 Maybe there's some phasing of investments as you guys look at the big initiatives like
 electric of those kind of things. I'm just curious if you could help us think about that.
 I think volumes will keep on growing anyway, with better margins, with mix, which will be
 is stronger, which is supported by the new icon that's coming in. And this isn't as far
 as the contribution of our core business.
 And then we added the other businesses
 that we expect also to grow.
 I mean, brand is still very low in 2022.
 expected to be better.
 In terms of a one, there are some elements, including the budget cap introduction, the
 that, of course, in terms of the cost side.
 And congrats on a great year, guys.
 I appreciate it.
 Thank you.
 comes from line of Adam Jonas from Morgan Stanley. Please ask your question.
 Thank you very much, and I cannot wait until June 16th.
 That's going to be really, that's going to be so special.
 So I look forward to meeting you all in person.
 When you guys recently struck a deal with the Swiss blockchain company, VELAS Network,
 How should investors think about the potential for the Ferrari brand in the metaverse or in
 any NFT or digital space.
 Thank you for the question, Jonas, and also looking forward to meet you in person on the
 16 of June
 I think that, as we said, you know, it's important that we look and we see how the new technologies
 can help our brand.
 For sure, the digital technologies, the web 3.0 technologies that are using the blockchain
 And the NFT is an area that is can be interesting for us.
 It deserves some attention.
 There are many, as you know, there is a lot of movement on the market about this.
 Some companies even changed the name, and I think this is an area where we have to put
 our attention and that's reason also why I put the, we have in place, if you have seen
 and in the organization, in the department that is called digital and data and data because
 I mean, it's an important dimension that we as Ferrari, we have to evaluate it to consider
 for the future.
 Okay.
 I look forward to learning more about that.
 I'm gonna do that, though.
 My follow-up is, do you believe electric vehicles expand the addressable market for the Ferrari
 And if so, how?
 So do you think that the electric vehicles will expand the brand?
 Do you think that as Ferrari brings forth all electric vehicles that that grows the
 address?
 Yes.
 market and revenue potential for the brand, and if so, how do you see that happening or why?
 All right.
 OK.
 I think the point is the following.
 I mean, electrification is one technology,
 like the digitalization that we will learn as always
 in our unique Ferrari way, as you know,
 We already started to hybridize our model a few years ago.
 We have already three models on the road that are pretty much
 successful SF90 Stradale Spider and 296 GTB.
 And I believe that the electrification is a way
 is a technology, a way that can help our brand to keep the pace with the time.
 That's what I believe, Adam.
 Okay. Thanks, Benedetto.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from line of Susie Tibalti from UBS.
 Please ask a question.
 Hi, thank you for taking my question.
 So my first one would be just to go back on Michael's question
 under 22 guides.
 So your revenue guide for 2022 is quite high.
 And so given that the mix is going to be not that strong,
 It kind of implies a good step up in volume.
 And so I was wondering if this is a correct assumption,
 or if there is something else that will contribute
 meaningfully to the top line, because you mentioned that also in terms of some sponsorship
 because it's a bit lower.
 So it seems like this good increase in revenues should come mostly from the volume growth.
 So I just wanted to check if that's the right way to think about it.
 about it.
 Hi, Susie and Tonya speaking.
 Did your assumption is correct?
 And the volume will be higher, so it will grow there, and this is because of the order
 book is significantly higher than we're used to discovering well into 2023. It's not
 not true that the mix is weak. I mean, actually, the product range mix is high. It's simply
 not enough improving compared to the loss of the of the Monza and the introduction some
 to you some months later of the Daytona.
 Okay.
 year-over-year volumes will be positive and mix with respect to be slightly negative overall.
 Okay, got it.
 and on pricing. So in 21, it was the first time that you pushed through a like for like
 price increase, about 2%. If I remember correctly, it was mostly due to the inflation. And given
 that inflation for the moment is not really going away, should we expect something similar
 for 22, like, are you planning to potentially push through some price increase if, you know,
 of that inflation or was it a one-off in 21?
 Yeah, this is an important point.
 I mean, there is some pressure on the energy on the aluminum
 cost and we will and we will apply this price increase to consider for that but we will also
 leverage other important levers when it comes to the pricing of the new model and selected
 I mean, a price increase of selected model and also the personalization.
 So this is an important factor we are factoring in Susie.
 Okay, very clear and very quick just a follow-up on your free cash flow that you so in this
 slider you should have, you basically, you're in line, you achieve the 2.4 to 2.8 accumulated
 a cash flow as promised.
 So basically the fact that you were guiding previously to a 1.1 to 1.25 billion industrial
 pre-cache flow is just a matter of phasing, right?
 because it feels like that has been just faced differently
 due to the phasing of the models.
 or was there some kind of advances for a future hypercar,
 which have been changed in timing.
 You know, you got it right, Susie, fading the exact answer.
 OK.
 Perfect. Thanks a lot.
 Welcome.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from John Murphy from Bank of America.
 Please ask a question.
 Good afternoon, everybody, and thanks for the time.
 Just wanted to follow up on that pricing discussion.
 I mean, obviously, there's cost inflation that's going on,
 you're talking about your order book being longer than it ever has been before.
 So, is there a greater opportunity to, you know, take price, explain it to your customers
 there's cost inflation to you, they're relatively sophisticated to offset that, but then also
 to maybe, you know, help balance out the supply and demand in the business.
 It's a very high class problem, but it seems like there might be a greater pricing opportunity
 than you've ever even had before.
 Thank you. I think this is what you say it's important.
 And we are considering, I mean, we are applying the price increase
 And we are monitoring carefully what's
 happening on this two-dimension of energy and aluminum.
 And again, as I said, we will introduce also new model
 And then we will apply in the right way the pricing.
 So this is an important dimension that we have, we are, we are
 careful about also because we all know what is the pressure that there is in the supply
 chain all over the world.
 On the other side, I have to say that we have also, on the supply chain, I mean, we have
 We have some good partners, reliable partners we can leverage on.
 Okay. And then just a second question on the transition to EVs.
 You know, it's very interesting that Daytona is a V12 naturally aspirated engine.
 You know that sounds great to me personally, but you know obviously there's a push towards towards EVs
 Give me your close relationship with your customers and you kind of build a design
 and engineer and build what they want.
 what you're hearing from your customers at this point
 on this transition.
 Many other companies are slaves to guessing at where EV penetration will go and what they
 that you should do with the power train investment,
 So you have direct access and good discussion
 in relationships with your customers.
 So what are they telling you?
 Because on the Daytona, it seems like they're saying,
 Hey, we probably don't want this right now,
 but the reality is some people might.
 So, I mean, what are your-
 customer telling you right now.
 But I think we have different kind of a ferraristic.
 Each one with its own preferred, let's say, models
 and the propulsion.
 So we have a Ferrarista that I have seen them in Florence
 when we launched the Daytona,
 And they were extremely, extremely happy and delighted
 This is such a beautiful car.
 I have seen also customer trying the 296 GTB,
 that is a kind of different car with different feeling.
 So I think that if you wanna get my feedback
 feedback from the customer is that we have customers with a different feeling, different
 needs, different perception, and even the same customer for
 different moment can have, can prefer the V12, the aspirated one, or the V6 hybrid.
 So there is a mix of different customer with different feeling and different need, different
 motion but it's fair to say that you're not guessing at this you're having
 discussions with your customers so what you're introducing and your building is what they
 You're never going to re-use.
 if you misestimate the EV penetration on the models, right?
 I mean, if this is something that's well-known by you
 through that order book and your discussions
 with your customers is that a fair statement?
 I'm saying that there is a clear trend and we will work on for sure an active vehicle
 and you will see the strategy line up here in June, on 16.
 What I want to say is that there are customers, different
 customer that prefer different kinds of
 So, we are aware obviously of what's happening.
 We have planned for that, but we are also aware of the different feelings and different
 the motion the customers want to get with different proportions scheme.
 Okay, great. Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes online of Julia Pescatore from BNP Paribas Exxan.
 Please ask your question.
 Hi, thanks for taking my question. I just want to pull up on the previous point in your answer
 Did you mean that as long as customers
 will want combustion engines, you
 would be willing to provide them, even if we think about 10 or 20 years down the line.
 I think that the technology is useful as far as it address the customer needs.
 We have to delight the customer.
 We have to, I mean, this is important for us.
 So, if we are moving piston or we are moving other things,
 That's what we want to do.
 Okay, thank you.
 And then the second question on the other book for the 296GTB, which you said builds
 faster than the previous processor of that vehicle.
 doesn't mean that that car could potentially
 do the same type of volume that, I don't know, attribute I
 say, the authority did in the past.
 and can maybe talk about the difference in demographics between that vehicle and the 488.
 Yeah, you can go on to the next one.
 I think you have a...
 The only one provided is the forecast on volumes, life cycle.
 However, as Benedetto said before,
 The receipt has been very strong in terms of order compared to our previous internal benchmarks.
 The other element, yes, I think you are addressing the fact that our customer base for this
 God is likely younger, and this is true.
 I mean, really, you need to drive it to experience it.
 It's a, oh, after you to provide a driving experience
 experience that you've seen via the modern...
 Yeah. Three wheels.
 We will.
 The car is here.
 Fantastic. Great to hear you all be there.
 and maybe just one last one before I pass on to the next speaker.
 on the Picasso for 2022.
 I've really struggled to bridge your guidance, which feels very, very conservative at the
 lower end, at least.
 understand the step up in Calphex. I understand that they're going to be higher taxes, but
 can really help us with the amount of deposits that we should expect from the Daytona and
 How many deposits did you receive last year for the competition?
 because it's really difficult to bridge the numbers.
 Well, I do not comment on the degree of conservatism of the estimate, but basically our cash flow
 is rather simple. I mean, we have DABDA and you know what the guidance is, you know what
 We said about capex.
 I think the whole question is about the working capital,
 where we include in the wider definition also the impact
 of the advances on the limited series cars.
 So the Daytona, we are talking about more than 200 million, more or less, in terms of current
 estimate. The other element you should not underestimate is the impact of taxes, because
 We are obviously paying taxes both in terms of the balance and the advance on the basis
 of the results of 2021 and it makes a big difference compared to what we paid in 2021
 based on the results of 2020 that were impacted by the pandemic.
 I hope this provides you a better understanding of the detail.
 Yeah, but you're still benefiting from the button box, right?
 The button box is helping, but not in terms of cash.
 know the level it did at the very beginning because now the low provides for the benefit
 cash wise in three install three year installments so this has been already visible in 2021 and
 It will be obviously in 2022.
 Okay, thank you.
 Welcome.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from the land of Marno de Ambrodie from Equita.
 Please ask a question.
 Thank you.
 Good morning, good afternoon, everybody.
 My focus is on capex, which is a portion of the lower free cash flow for the current here.
 So, the 800 million may be considered a sort of peak for capex or should we expect they
 will go beyond one billion annually going forward.
 And when you talk about partnerships,
 I remember you also mentioned partnership
 in order to reduce capex.
 I clearly understand that you cannot talk about something
 was not announced but just to elaborate a bit on these in order to understand what could
 be the magnitude of the reduction in capex, if any.
 Thank you, thank you, Marco.
 You remember well, the partnership
 are an important way forward for us.
 And as I said also before, there would be some partnership
 that some important partnership for us,
 we will announce in the near future.
 I think that, I mean, it's important that there's always also what I said in my previous
 life to keep a strong discipline about capex and to keep the momentum and to make sure
 to do something innovative.
 It's important we decide what we do internally and we decided and what we want to do with
 partners outside. So the two words are partnership and discipline. And as I said, in the near
 future, you will hear about an important partnership on something that is important for our car,
 But for which, let's say, we believe the best way forward is partnership.
 And on the amount of capex, 800 million could be considered as a peak.
 You can consider this more or less a good number to think about because we will use,
 As I said, the partnership to optimize and to be disciplined.
 Okay.
 Okay, thank you and talking about volumes based on what you commented before, I would
 expect higher volume growth than the usual, let's say, average 6% we saw in the last
 a few years.
 Yeah, this is a bit a result of the significant net order intake increase that we have seen
 this year, so we need to serve this one. Obviously, we'll be very careful because
 the concept of scarcity remains crucial to our business model.
 And this is an element of significant attention.
 We'll play all leverages to manage this one.
 and for sure the broadest portfolio,
 the broad portfolio we have, it's helping to protect also the brand exclusivity, because
 In this year, we have a lot of models that are in production.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from a line of Stephen Raidman from Société Générale.
 Please ask a question.
 Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Thank you for this.
 I understand what you're saying about the mix in 2022.
 So just take a little more detail in that.
 First of all, is it my understanding
 that you'll still be selling some monsters
 in the first quarter of 2022.
 So, if we could see maybe something in front there.
 And the second question is, what are the claims and deliveries
 of the 812, come to the clinic A. How many would you expect to be delivered in 20?
 There is a lot of noise on the background.
 We are having a problem to understand your question.
 I don't know, it seems there is someone unmute, I don't know.
 I'll try again. Sorry. Okay. Try again. Maybe I'm yeah, I'm sorry. No, I just want to ask so first of all
 I understand that you will be selling still some Monza's in the first quarter of this
 year, this final model, without having impact, expected in the first quarter of this year
 still. And secondly, could you talk about the canes of deliveries of the 812 competitor
 see only what we see a very high margin car for you in the course of 2022, thank you.
 I think in terms of the Monza, we'll complete the deliveries of the Monza in Q1,
 However, the absolute number will not be as high as it has been during the last quarter of this year.
 The A12 competizione and competizione aperta will be spread quite evenly across the four quarters.
 Thank you.
 Welcome.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from George Goliath from Goldman Sachs.
 Please ask your question.
 Thank you for taking my question. The first question I had was just on the volumes. Obviously,
 You're now above 11,000 units.
 I think in the past, previous management mentioned that max capacity was about 15,000 units on
 in the existing industrial footprint.
 Is that still roughly the right number to think about?
 And in order to get that, presumably you'd have to add shift.
 What's the kind of lead time from a training perspective
 to add incremental shifts.
 The second question I had was with respect to the carbon
 neutrality by 2030, do you still expect e-fuels to play a
 prominent role in reaching that target. And then finally, obviously, we had significant
 management changes and some exciting promotions
 and external hires during the quarter.
 Perhaps you could give some insight into the skill sets you were looking to promote as
 it's part of those management changes.
 Thank you.
 I'll start from the last one.
 the management change and the carbon neutrality
 And the first one, Antonio, you will take it.
 So let's start from the management change.
 Yes, we did a big change at the beginning, end of last year,
 beginning of this change, beginning of this year.
 And we did along the two directions.
 if you've seen.
 On one side, we promoted our internal talents
 that I had the pleasure to see, because I talk to a lot of people in the company, and
 also will externalize.
 I think what the common threat that we wanted,
 that we wanted, and I wanted to push with this new organization are the four following ones.
 Number one, the strong willingness to cooperate.
 Number two is about attention to innovation, and number three is the focus to bring this
 things, especially in a transition era, to make the right
 the right choice, the right decision, with the right timing, and to move forward, and
 And number four is very important, especially nowadays, this is becoming very important
 for all the companies in this continuous learning approach
 Because we have to be open to listen at the other point of view.
 other people point of view and also the supplier point of view, the partner point of view.
 So these are the features that I want to boost with the new organization, again, organized
 with the homegrown talents and also external hires.
 This gives for granted me say competencies that are all these people are bringing in in the game
 Coming to the second question, the carbon neutrality, as we said, the carbon neutrality we will
 We'll show you a clear plan when we meet here in Maranello.
 The target is to become carbon neutral by 2030.
 We want to do it, looking at all the carbon emission we generate directly as well as
 the carbon emission that get generated along the value chain.
 And we want to do it in a scientific way, scientific way.
 And so, that's the reason why we are also proud if you want all these ISO certification
 we got in Q4 because it testifies that we are substantiating these numbers with scientific
 approach.
 I think that if we want to tackle this properly, we need to do it scientifically, and that's
 what we will do and that's what we will show you in June.
 Now the first question, Antonio, you can take it.
 on the first one.
 Yes, 15,000 units is the level of capacity that we have.
 there has been no change in that respect. And the second one we are working on to shift
 and we predict to be there even for 2022.
 Hope to see you soon.
 Great, thank you.
 Yeah, very helpful.
 Thank you very much and looking forward to the CMD.
 Likewise.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from Monica Bosio from Intensa, San Paolo. Please ask your question.
 Good afternoon, everyone. I hope that you can hear me.
 My first question is on the volume growth in 2022 on the back of the strong order book,
 the ramp up of the new anti-model scene in 2022.
 The volume's impact will be significant over the current year.
 I was wondering if this could bring to some phase out of some models such as the S8 and
 And as for the price mix, I was wondering if you can elaborate on what do you expect
 in term of personalization for 2022.
 And my second question is our outkitting questions.
 As for the advances from the Daytona, should we assume an impact mostly in the first part
 of the year?
 correct and in terms of taxes, you mentioned that the taxes will be higher at the cash
 impact level in 2022. Can you give us some highlights at the PNL level? Thank you very
 I think the part of the face-out of the model, as I said, in Q4, we stopped at the, we did
 take an order anymore on some model. And this is done for the sake of brand exclusivity.
 The personalization gives a good contribution to our to our top line and for the Daytona
 in the taxes, maybe, Anton, you can take it.
 Sure.
 Did I put it on a significant contributing in terms of cash flow with the advances on Q1?
 maybe you remember what happened back in 2019 with the with the month and in
 In terms of taxes, yes, we are currently projecting something like approximately 100 million
 additional cash out for taxes during the course of 2022.
 Thank you very much.
 Welcome.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Dear participants, thank you very much for all your questions and now I would like to
 hand the conference over to our main speaker today, Mr. Benedetto Vigna.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you. Thank you so much and thanks all for your time this afternoon and also for all your your questions
 Let me close by underscoring three things.
 One, our excellent 2021 financial result with an exceptional ABDA margin.
 Two, our record order book covering well into 2023.
 and three, our broad, innovative and beautiful product range
 with two new launches to come in this year, in 2022.
 And today, I realize we provided a little taste of what's happening in our company.
 I realize that you want to hear more.
 And we are as eager as ever to seize these opportunities ahead of us and to share.
 We've all of you the full picture on June 16th in Maranello,
 at Capital Market Day.
 So, good afternoon, everyone.
 Thanks again for your attention and talk to you in the next quarter.
 Thank you.
 That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect. Have a nice day