 Well, good morning, and thank you for joining our third quarter 2017 financial review call.
 Today, Tom and I will discuss our results for the quarter, and your today, as well as
 our progress on our strategic and financial goals.
 We are reaffirming our prior guidance for 2017 and our expectations through 2020.
 In the third quarter, we made significant progress on our construction projects and
 integration of our renewable acquisitions.
 This morning I will provide some color on the returns we expect to realize from these
 investments.
 I will also discuss our plans to accelerate and expand our asset sales program and cost
 cutting and revenue enhancement initiatives.
 Before turning to these areas, I'll first discuss the impact of the recent hurricanes
 on our businesses in the Caribbean.
 Our sympathies are with the people of Puerto Rico, many of whom are still without power
 and water.
 Our number one priority before, during, and after the recent hurricanes was the safety
 of our people and their families and impacted communities.
 Fortunately, our people and their families are safe and our two plants in Puerto Rico
 sustained only minor damage.
 Plants are currently available to meet their obligations under their PPAs.
 We expect the local transmission system to be energized and ready to take our much needed
 powered by the end of November.
 Some will discuss the effects of the hurricanes and our financial results for the third quarter in more detail.
 Today, we are announcing that we will be significantly up-sizing our asset sales program.
 We now expect...
 expect to realize $2 billion in proceeds during the 2018 to 2020 period.
 Approximately one billion of this is expected to occur by year end 2018, including the sales
 of mass and luck are coal plant in the Philippines.
 interest remains very strong, and we expect to sign a sales agreement before the end
 year in and receive the proceeds early next year.
 We're also announcing that we are aggressively pursuing significant additional cost savings.
 These G&A and O&M savings are likely to be earnings neutral in 2018 due to one-time restructuring costs,
 but a creative to 2019 and beyond.
 We will provide more detail on our fourth quarter call.
 Turning to slide four in our construction program,
 which is the key driver of our growth.
 milestones are being met across our five gigawatts of projects under construction, including
 and Alto-Maipo in Chile.
 Although the Alto-Maipo project has experienced construction delays and cost overruns, it
 is making progress towards overcoming these challenges.
 first.
 of the two main contractors, CNM, was terminated.
 The tunnel boring machine had been operating, is now being operated by Robbins, its manufacturer.
 They're progressing at a multiple of the historical rates achieved by CNM, and the
 The auto-micro project is now 58% complete.
 second.
 So, MIPU is in negotiations with various contractors for a fixed-price lump sum EPC contract.
 The new EPC contract would include substantial capital and performance commitments from the
 contractor, incentivizing timely completion.
 The restructuring would also require
 additional concessions from the project lenders,
 and meaningful contributions from A, F, and Air,
 which would be tied to construction milestones.
 The objective is to significantly reduce execution risk
 and preserve the value of automaple.
 while at the same time remaining disciplined
 with additional equity from ASN Air.
 We will provide you with updates as Alto-Maipo continues to make progress on these negotiations.
 Turning now to the rest of our construction program, beginning on slide 5.
 Our 671 megawatt Eagle Valley CCGT in Indiana is on track to achieve commercial operations
 in the first half of 2018.
 Construction is 99% complete and the project is now in the commissioning phase.
 And in fact, this past weekend, the project achieved a major milestone with the first
 fire of a turbine. The unit was synchronized to the grid and produced its first electricity.
 Now, turning to our 1.3 gigawatts Southland CCGT project on slide 6, which is a repowering
 of our existing gas generation facilities in Southern California.
 is ongoing and the project is on track to be operational by the first half of 2020.
 Our remaining construction projects
 are proceeding as planned,
 including our thermal plant, OPGC2 in India, and our CCGT and LNG regathered vacation
 terminal.
 in Panama.
 These projects will be key contributors to our earnings and cash flow growth from 2020.
 Joining to slide seven.
 We have been reshaping our portfolio to reduce our carbon intensity and deliver attractive
 returns to our shareholders.
 To that end, our growth initiatives beyond the projects under construction have been
 been focused on investments in natural gas and renewable projects with long-term U.S.
 dollar-denominated contracts in our existing markets.
 on a portfolio basis, these investments
 are expected to produce average returns in the lotains.
 These compelling returns are driven by several factors,
 including investing in markets with lower renewable penetration and faster growth rates
 than the U.S.
 using local debt capacity in the businesses to fund the investments.
 and using our business platforms and global scale to lower costs.
 Our project returns also benefit from bringing in partners to reduce our equity commitments
 while providing management and development fees.
 I'll walk through some specific examples
 of how we have boosted returns
 on some of our recent investments beginning on slide eight.
 In July, we closed on our acquisition of S-Power with the Alberta Pension Fund, ANCO.
 You're encouraged by the quality of S-Power's people, operating assets, and developing
 pipeline.
 In fact, we're well-positioned to capitalize on X-Power's 10 gigawatt plus-developed flight
 time.
 by closing on at least 500 megawatts of solar projects annually in the U.S.
 Additionally, we have received a number of inbound indications of interest to partner
 on a portion of S-Power's operating assets.
 We're evaluating these proposals, which would increase our overall returns and allow us
 to redeploy the capital into S-Power's attractive growth pipeline.
 Turning to slide nine, in Brazil during the quarter,
 move forward on three growth transactions.
 should take close the acquisition of the 386 megawatt autoset outwind plant finalize the
 acquisition of the 75 megawatt Oda Oda solar project and signed an agreement to acquire
 the 115 megawatt Baudou solar complex.
 The wind plant is currently operating with an e-
 18-year contract, and both solar projects are expected to be operational in 2018, with
 20-year regulated contracts.
 The 1.6 billion reais of capital needed to fund these 611 megawatts of renewable expansions
 in Brazil has been secured by tapping into the available debt capacity at Chitang without
 any equity.
 The returns on these long-term contracted assets are in the mid-teens and U.S. dollar terms.
 Finally, turning to slide 10.
 In Mexico, we're also seeing attractive returns for our development projects.
 With our partner Grupo Bal, one of the largest business groups in Mexico, we have developed
 a strong 2.5 gigawatt pipeline of renewable and natural gas projects.
 We are targeting long-term bilateral contracts with credit-worthy large industrial offtakers.
 For example, we recently signed an agreement to acquire the 306 Mesa La Paz Wind Development
 project which has a 25-year US dollar denominated PPA.
 The project site also has sufficient additional land
 to accommodate up to 200 megawatts of solar,
 which could be an attractive upside in the future.
 We expect to reach financial close early next year and begin construction of a method of
 shortly thereafter.
 In summary, as you can see on slide 11, we will be adding 8.4 gigawatts of new capacity
 by 2020.
 This includes almost 7 gigawatts of projects under construction
 or recently acquired.
 The remaining 1.5 gigawatts represent projects
 in advanced stage development.
 As a result of these additions, our average remaining
 contract term will increase from six years currently to 10 years by 2020.
 We have sufficient internally generated cash to fund our equity contributions for both
 Both are projects under construction and the development projects.
 I just discussed.
 The projects we have under construction and the more recent investments we have made are
 are helping us to significantly reshape our portfolio
 to achieve our financial objectives.
 At the same time, we're reducing our carbon intensity
 and deploying tomorrow's technologies.
 As you can see on slide 12, by the end of 2020, our cold generation will decline from
 41% to 33% while renewables and cash generation will increase from 55% to 63%.
 We've also been driving the adoption of energy storage in our markets, as shown on slide
 at 13.
 We are a global leader in the industry with presence in seven markets, including 228 megawatts
 in operation and another 250 megawatts under contract
 or construction.
 In the Dominican Republic, we recently completed 20 megawatts
 of new energy storage.
 In September, these facilities performed flawlessly, working twice as much as normal, to ensure
 the electric grid stayed online during hurricanes Irma and Maria.
 We believe the integration of energy storage and renewables is key to accelerating a cleaner
 energy future. This is one of the most promising opportunities in our industry and our businesses
 are leading the way.
 For example, in Hawaii, we're helping the island of Hawaii reduce their reliance on
 diesel generators by delivering a 28 megawatt solar farm and a 20 megawatt 5-hour duration
 energy storage.
 Integrating energy storage to enhance the output of solar and wind facilities is a key
 focus area for fluency.
 our new energy storage joint venture with Siemens.
 The Fluent JV received anti-trust approval from the European Commission in October and
 and is expected to close by the end of this year.
 Once closed, we expect fluency to deliver.
 energy storage solution, and services to a broad group of customers from commercial
 and industrial companies to utilities and power developers
 in a hundred and sixty countries
 Together with Siemens, our goal is for Florence to be the market leader in this high-growth
 segment that is expected to grow tenfold in five years, reaching at least 28 gigawatts
 of installed capacity by 2022.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom
 to discuss our third quarter results.
 capital allocation and guidance in more detail.
 Thanks, Tom.
 In summary, we're taking a lot of actions at AS to deliver on our strategy and commitment
 the shareholders.
 Our sector is undergoing significant change and we're undertaking a further transformation
 of our business to take advantage of new opportunities.
 specifically.
 We're accelerating and increasing our asset sales program to achieve a billion dollars
 and proceeds by end 2018 and a total of $2 billion by 2020.
 We're on track to achieve our target $400 million in annual cost savings and revenue
 enhancements and we are aggressively pursuing additional savings that we will
 announced on our fourth quarter call.
 We're advancing on our five gigawatts of construction projects and we're aiming to
 resolve the issues at AUTO-MIPO in the first quarter of 2018.
 We are pleased with our acquisition of SBOWER and see many attractive renewable opportunities
 across our portfolio.
 We expect influence to close this year, and our goal is to maintain our global leadership
 in a market that is projected to grow tenfold over the next five years.
 These actions will result in a simpler portfolio earning higher risk-adjusted returns and
 and a stronger balance sheet with improved credit metrics.
 Their overriding objective is to generate 8% to 10% average annual growth in earnings
 and precast load.
 When combined with our dividend, we expect to deliver a total shareholder return of at
 at least 12% annually.
 Now we'll be happy to take your questions.
 Thank you, sir.
 and I'll begin the question and answer session.
 To ask a question, you may press star questions.
 I get at this.
 Well, you know, when we started, we were in 28 countries.
 we exit the Philippines will be in 15.
 We've always said that somewhere between a dozen, you know, to 15 countries was kind
 of our probably thought that where we would end up, so I think it's looking more like
 You know, a dozen.
 And of course, we never announce anything before the sale is actually done.
 So some of it will be exiting some countries.
 some of it will be selling down from certain assets.
 And in some cases, it may be selling down a portion of the assets.
 for example, as we did recently in the Dominican Republic,
 to realize value.
 I think the important thing is that where we want to end up and what does that portfolio
 look like. And as we said, it will be simpler. It will be in less countries. It will be less
 carbon intensive and we will be, if you will, sort of turning capital into growth areas where
 we get higher returns than sitting on some existing
 assets.
 I would say, well, I think she lessons, I mean, we moved to get out of urgent generation.
 I think on a timely basis.
 I think we've actually did a number of marks.
 it's since have been troubled on a timely basis.
 And I think we've generally sold our assets at very good prices.
 So we...
 We didn't do really any sort of fire sales.
 we waited in some cases until the contracts ran out.
 Now if you look at our strategy,
 we're moving into much more contract.
 And we're lengthening our average contract versus what we have even today.
 So I think we...
 have a quite different strategy from most of them.
 I think we're changing our risk profile.
 We've significantly de-risked.
 I'm sure you'll notice that on this call,
 We did not talk about the weather in Brazil.
 That used to be the main focus of these calls, quite frankly, and we have been able to de-risk
 for the way we've contracted.
 I think, you know, as Tom mentioned, when we deconsolidate electropolu, it will make
 a better correlation between really our economic or financial profile and our consolidated
 profile.
 And lastly, you know, we're moving aggressively
 to become an investment, right?
 So I think on all of these fronts,
 I think our strategy has been considerably different from other firms which have remained
 less contracted and also, quite frankly, which aren't moving into the newer technology.
 So I think that's a good point.
 I think we have the advantage of being in more rapidly growth markets and being well positioned.
 And having said that, ever since I've been CEO and I've been CFO, I mean, we've looked
 all alternatives. And we periodically have third parties come in and look and say is there
 any way we can sustainably add value to the company.
 So, you know, we're always open to these any ideas,
 But we're only going to do things which make sense for the company in terms of a sustainable
 So, you know, we're open to all alternatives.
 I've seen some of these and obviously in the sector, there's been a lot of consolidation
 to take out costs.
 But we've taken out a lot of costs and we're also, as we said on this call, going to be
 aggressively looking at our cost structure, this is partly, you know, the result I'd say
 of the actions we've taken, the systems we've put in place, and also the simplification
 of our portfolio.
 Yeah, that's a great question.
 When you remember when Yildos first started, there was a lot of, you know, I think, questions
 we were getting from various people, like, you know, why don't you do a deal code?
 And one of our concerns was not to have a, to be sort of committed to growth in case
 more...
 it's turned.
 And I think, in general, that has been the right decision.
 Now, if you look at what we're doing today,
 We did mention, for example, that on SBAR we are looking at selling down a portion
 down a portion of the operating assets to enhance our returns and be able to move that
 money into new projects, you know, the 10 gigawatt plus pipeline where we think we can
 improve our average return.
 So in that sense, we're, you know, we,
 I think have shown that we can access private money.
 we've raised about $3.8 billion over the last six years
 of partner equity, including, you know, from the large Canadian pension funds.
 So in that sense, I think that, you know, our view is that we are very interested in
 coming up with ownership structures
 which are win-wins where we provide for people
 looking for long-term stable investment grade assets and at the same time it allows us to
 reduce our participation and improve our returns, be it through management fees or
 to promote or development fees.
 So that is part of the market now.
 I think where we're somewhat different
 is that we see the advantage of having a platform
 in these countries.
 So for example, having a strong partner in Mexico
 opens a lot of opportunities for us in renewables.
 having a strong position in various markets opens that up.
 So we want to use our scale and, in cases, integrate the new renewables with our existing
 it.
 Because ...
 Obviously energy price is from renewables in many cases or lower, but if you can integrate
 that with the capacity from existing assets,
 you can have some very interesting propositions
 for your customers.
 In the longer term, we think batteries can supply that in many markets, but right now
 Yeah, we see that opportunity.
 So that's your question.
 We have approached the problem, you know, from a sort of customer-centric position.
 We're taking a ...
 advantage of our platforms and we're bringing in capital and selling down when we see the
 opportunity that that would improve our returns?
 Well, I think, you know, again, if you think of something like S-Power, you know, we have
 a partnership with their, you know, as far as we've said in the past regarding acquisitions,
 You know, we would look opportunistically at that if we think that their acquisitions
 where we have significant synergies, you know, it's 2 plus 2 equals 6, and to add to that
 portfolio.
 On the other hand, you know, we're not looking right now at sort of, you know, big acquisitions,
 We're sort of looking at asset acquisitions that could enhance that portfolio.
 And as I said, if there are interested parties in taking up
 portion of that from the, I think, you know, this is the negotiations on auto-mipo are
 proceeding.
 not the MIPUL team and Hiner team are doing a great job.
 I would say that Henare will remain an investment grade company, that any equity contributions
 from HIN-Air to the Alto-Mipo project, you know, would maintain that investment grade
 It will be very, you know, looking at the sort of marginal returns of that investment.
 And we don't expect it to significantly affect any dividend distributions from HANAIR into
 in the future.
 of the things.
 Now, we've also said that should we decide not to proceed with the project, that we'll
 would also, in terms of the cash distributions from Henare, although those would continue,
 although they might take a different form in terms of like, you know, return of capital.
 So we're looking at both.
 We will be very disciplined.
 On the other hand, we think that, you know, there is a win-win solution here, which would
 It would be good for all parties, including obviously
 like Chile and the Chilean electric system from, say, I mean, you know that when we first
 announced that we'd be doing asset sales, I believe we used a number of around a billion.
 I think we're at $4 billion now.
 We announced cost, as we said, $100 million.
 We're at $200 million plus now.
 So, you know, generally, we just want to be, as Tom was saying, have, you know,
 clear line of sight. Now obviously we have a number of opportunities that would make
 make sense from the strategic plan that I outlined that we think can easily get us to
 for the $2 billion number by 2020.
 Yeah, and what I'd say is that our overriding objective is to meet that 8% to 10% growth
 way committed.
 So they will be put in takes, like Tom said, but they won't
 affect us reaching our ... No, not specifically, but we just ...
 That's fine.
 It's something we're evaluating and we'll talk more about it on a hearing calling test.
 What I'd like to say is a summary that the
 additional cost cuts that we're working on, and we'll announce in the fourth quarter.
 will give us additional comfort of hitting that range.
 So this is, it's additional to what the cost cuts
 was going out in the past.
 On the other hand, we're not changing that in range.
 People give us additional comfort because as Tom said, they're puts and takes, so we
 We want to make sure that we hit our numbers.
 Well, you know, we have done a considerable amount of buybacks over the years, and we
 We do have an outstanding approval.
 So, you know, we're not saying that we won't do buybacks, we're just not announcing any
 specific buybacks at this point in time.
 So obviously we are not happy at all where our stock is trading and we always consider
 just that I think that at this point, you know, we're undergoing a transition program.
 And I think it will be, you know, it's very important that we deliver on our numbers.
 But certainly...
 we're not saying that we won't do stock buybacks.
 we have $250 million still remaining on our prior authorization.
 Point taken, Greg.
 Great.
 And we've, today we're returning through the dividend, about 55% of our parent fee cash
 flow.
 So, you know, I think...
 I think we remain committed to giving money back to our shareholders, and we have done
 I believe it's about a billion and a half dollars of stock buybacks at least over the
 the past five years.
 So, you know, I certainly don't want to say that this is off the table and point taken.
 Okay, thank you.
 Well, method law two is under construction.
 The construction is going well.
 and that would finish the construction under a contract
 for the new seller.
 Sure. I'd say first to say that Argentina has really made a comeback.
 I think starting from the top level, politically, as you know, they had recently elections for
 for Congress and Macri's party got, you know,
 40% of the vote, much more than people had expected.
 So the reforms are going forward in Argentina.
 In our sector, there have been very important reforms.
 One is dollar rising.
 is increasing, you know, moderately prices, retail prices, but also generation.
 And they will move towards a liberated market.
 forget, but in the 90's Argentina had one of the best regulations on the planet in
 in terms of-
 Yes.
 So Argentina is doing much, much better.
 Our business is doing much, much better.
 We had two years where we did not receive dividends
 even though the business has always made money.
 So it's obviously we've perceived much more dividends and they're making much more money.
 Getting to your point about this was the funny-me-ving,
 It's one of the more difficult acronyms we have to pronounce.
 I don't know.
 been paying the interest on the Pony May Vang.
 These are actualized.
 part of the bonds are tied to the completion of actual generation assets.
 In this case, it was the Guillermo Brown as being the largest one, so that plant is up
 up and running.
 That whole, and what I would put it was basically part of the commessa would take part of your
 payments and essentially give you these bonds and use the funds to build a new asset.
 You know, they have paid interest.
 The plan has been completed, so that's going well.
 No, because of the contract we have.
 product we have.
 And I think that when you speak about it, what I think is interesting is that with energy
 These stories we're seeing that regulations that have a lot of, they do a lot of things
 which aren't contemplated in the current regulation.
 All over the world what we're doing is, let's say, testing and actually certifying some
 of our coal plants to run at lower minns to give them greater flexibility to be ready
 for that.