 Good morning, everyone. I'm Santiago Donato, Investor Relations Officer of Cresude and I welcome you to the first quarter of fiscal year
 2022 results conference call. First of all I would like to remind you that both audio and
 slide so maybe access through companies investor relations website at www.cresude.com.ar by
 clicking on the banner webcast link. The following presentation and the
 earnings release are also available for download on the company website.
 management remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session for analysts and investors.
 If you want to make a question, please click the bottom label, raise hand, or use the chat.
 before we begin, I would like to remind you that this call is being recorded and the information
 discussed today may include for a look in the statements regarding the company's financial
 and operating performance.
 All projections are subject to risk and uncertainties.
 and actual results may differ materially.
 please refer to the detailed note in the company's
 earnings release regarding forward-looking statements.
 I will now turn the call.
 over to Mr. Alejandro Elstein, CEO.
 Please, go ahead, sir.
 Good morning, everyone. We are beginning our first quarter of this year a new campaign for Cresude and
 And we are planting in very good conditions in the region, similar size of last year's
 and we are going to share you a little later about the four countries and the size of plantation.
 In this year, we are budgeting and we are seeing better prices than last year and higher
 margins compared to last year, having some bigger input costs in some like fertilizers
 much more bigger, but much since comparing this year to last year at a little higher.
 related to the real estate business so remembering that we have three lines of
 businesses, one is the production size and the yields on the production, the
 The second is the real estate and the third, the services in agriculture related to the
 real estate in the first quarter we have only news in Brazil in this quarter we
 We have no news in Argentina, and in the rest of the countries, a lot of sales in there
 and a lot of liquidities in Brazil
 related to the real estate business,
 about our segment through Ilsa, the urban segment, it's recovering a lot. This quarter was all open.
 We saw the shopping centers open, the hotels beginning to open, and Shao Shao receiving
 a lot of the local tourism so there is a lot of recovery and we're going to see
 very much better numbers in the real estate and their occupation is suffering
 something, but comparing to last year numbers, they are much, much better.
 Related to the quarter of production, we were driven by the sugar cane activity.
 in here that activity gave us much better results and was mainly explained by the
 the frozen that the country received in the winter that made a big loss in the
 southern regions of Brazil, and that made an increase, a very important increase in
 the sugarcane prices combined with the the oil prices increase so the
 combination of the two made a big jump in the prices of the ethanol at the
 sugar cane, and in our case, our plantations were in regions that they were not affected
 in production, so that combination made us a big gain, and in the others a good quarter
 two. Related to the all effect on our balance sheet, we see an arcane that was mainly explained
 by this gross profit, financial result, and income tax,
 and there is a loss related to the fair value of Il-Irsa,
 the investment properties receive the lost
 and Matthias will explain later about this loss.
 Finally, we had a gain of close to 2 billion pesos,
 attributable to controlling shareholders. So this is the main explanation of the
 of the quarter. I will introduce Carlos Luzon. Okay, thank you Alejandro. Move to the slide
 about the expected planted area.
 As we can see in the graph, this fiscal year 2022 will continue on the top of the ranking
 for the third years in a row.
 The area we are planning to go to will be at the end of this video.
 And it now is 262,000 hectares, distributed around the four countries you can see in the
 similar to the last year.
 40...
 14,000 Paraguay, 40,000 Bolivia II, 11,000 Brazil, and 123,000 Argentine.
 About the crop breakdowns, the crops this year remain the same as the last three years,
 46% soybean, 27% corn, 9% sugarcane, 3% wheat, and the others produce 8% from total of the production.
 Moving to the next page about farming activity and we call that out
 Now, in the graph to the left, about stock conceptions, the soil in the corn, the stocks
 remain globally low,
 having soybean about 27.7% and corn 25.4%.
 In case of United States, in this graphic show you that the stocks in United States are even lower than on the rest of the world.
 have been soybean, about 7.3% and corn 10%, 1% respectively.
 These stock conceptions have a relation
 about the commodity prices.
 In relation about that, we can see observes in the graph,
 How prices probably went up to reaching their tops in June of 2021, about soybean 64% and
 corn 113%. However, along the following five months, there was a moderate correction in
 the prices dropping 17% in soybean and 35% in corn.
 three percent of this in common.
 Now, the current regional head positions in prices similar to the budget is in Soybean
 a 5, a 56% and in corn 51% and similar prices to the batch.
 about climate condition and showing process.
 As shown in the bottom right of the graph, the climate conditions in Argentina and Brazil
 had a recovery in comparison to the dry season of the last year.
 Currently, the forecasts mark neutrality as the ninja move away.
 Regarding to the current showing process in November 2021, the total
 of soybean is 23%, Bolivia 64%, Brazil 40% and Argentina 2%.
 Total in corn is 13% Bolivia 99% Brazil 30% Argentina 12% and the last one in wheat
 We have 100% of the planting because now we are just starting to harvest in Argentina.
 Thank you everybody
 When we go to the next page we can see what happened in the farmland cells and these two operation transactions were done in Brazil
 None of them was reflected on the balance sheet, because we are putting the transactions
 the date of surpassing some level of payment and giving possession and that was not accomplished
 on the 30th of September,
 none in the two cases.
 The two cells are in two different regions.
 The first one Rio de Mayo, but it was done in September, a productive area that we saw
 is 2.9 thousand hectares that we bought for 40 million reais and we sold for
 for 130 million reais in a nominal cell.
 We remember that in Brazil we sell installments related to bags of soybeans, so when we put
 the gain, we discount that nominal value to the present value, and we might the internal
 The internal rate of return is with the present value and giving us, in the first case, an
 an internal rate of returning reales of 56% and in the case of dollars, 40%.
 That was a transaction done when we did the merge with Agrifirma that we merged through
 paying through shares of Brasilagro and in this case only selling the third of the
 farm will recover what we paid for the whole farm. So it was a big gain. It is a very important
 again for the first quarter doing this small transaction.
 The second one.
 that it will, it was done in October 21,
 still not recognized and probably will be on the 30th of December, the 31 of December.
 From here we are selling a productive area of 2.7 thousand hectares.
 total number of five hundred eighty nine million reais. This is bigger than the
 first IPO the company did, only selling 2.7 thousand actors. So a small look at what is
 that price per hectare. It is depending in a present value or nominal value 30,000 or more or 40,000
 or more realist dollars per actor, sorry.
 $40,000 or $30,000 are more in the present or nominal value.
 So give us the re-evaluation of the land in Brazil.
 This is a transaction that will be recognized in two steps.
 First step, it is more than half, 1.5 hectares of productive area in the first branch and
 And the second stretch would be like 1.1 thousand hectares in 2024.
 So this is a big transaction giving us a big gain for this year and for the 2020-2022
 and internal rate of return, this farm we bought in 2007, if I don't remember incorrectly,
 So a long story, giving us like 20% in reais or 12% in dollars, a big gain.
 And again, when we see a farm at a 3% return, we sell it, and we begin to invest it in
 in another area or in another activity.
 So, first semester of first quarter with activity in Brazil,
 but still not reflected in our balance sheets.
 We can move now to page number six, and we would like to every quarter to be mentioned
 some of what our agriculture services are doing. Here, in this page, we are reflecting the
 the two, FIO and Agrofi. FIO owns 50.1%. And let's see what is the commercialization
 status, this company became the first of the country by far, commercializing grains,
 put futures and options, services.
 So this company, that today, this year,
 surpassed 6.4% and we can see the breakdown of what is our participation on the on the
 on the corn, wheat and soybeans, this company became
 by more than two million tons bigger than the competitors and this is making really a big gain
 the EBT evolution, we see that we are achieving close to 15 million dollars
 record of the company coming five, six years ago, close to break even. So this company is becoming
 relevant to Cresude and to give an idea of this company that has close to zero
 debt went to the market and raised $12.3 million at a zero interest rate through the
 local capital market in two years period so this will be for investment in fixed
 assets are working capital, but this company is mainly employees. This year is passing
 more employees than presude.
 Fios.
 close to 300 employees.
 Cresude agriculture in Argentina is something like that.
 This company is pure services to farmers from the inputs to the exports, for the commodities
 and the specialties, these companies growing not only in Argentina, beginning its expansion
 in the region, going in the inputs to the rest of South America, in the output is beginning
 in Brazil through FIO in Brazil, so this company is beginning to be very relevant to our strategy.
 And on the other side, on the right, we can see the evolution of agrofi, where crescent
 is 20%, Agrofi expanding not only to Argentina, but Uruguay, Brazil, Bolivia, Paraguay, Chile,
 I'm going to Colombia, so growing in revenues, growing the last year in 87 percent, beginning
 the first transaction of farmers in the this is the a commerce for the
 agriculture business and this is the leading company in the region with annual
 this is of 31 million participants with a lot of monthly contacts, finishing a capital
 raise these days, raising more capital to expand its mission, so this is becoming the
 marketplace of the agriculture business so the two growing lot in the whole
 region, we are seeing much more results of result through these two companies.
 I will introduce now Mr. Matiara Ibirovki.
 Thank you Alejandro. Good morning everyone. If we move to page 7 we can see the different
 performance of our segments in the urban side through our participation in IHRSA.
 shopping malls we are happy that for the first time in the last one year and a half we are running
 without restrictions that all the pandemic restrictions were cleared by the government
 So now we can run on a normal operation.
 We can see that after the effect of the pandemic, we have an occupancy of almost 90% if we live
 aside the fact of Fallabella that left the country, we have 94.3 percent, the occupancy
 is growing quarter by quarter so we expect to have better numbers going forward when
 When we see the real sales, of course, when we compare with the previous year, that the
 was closed we see a ridiculous number 322 percent above last year when we compare
 with pre-pandemic levels, we see a real decrease of 10.7%, so we hope to see better numbers going
 forward as well. In the case of the offices we remain with the same side of
 of the portfolio, size of the portfolio,
 with 114,000 square meters after selling some properties
 and with the inauguration of Catalina's building that we did during the December last year.
 The occupancy is at levels of 78.9 percent, the average rent per square meter remains
 stable at levels of $25 per square meter. We see that the companies are coming back
 to the offices with a hybrid modality, but our operations never close in the office portfolio.
 After the closing of the quarter, we announced a new sale of some floors at the 261 de la
 Paulera building. We sold three floors for 32 million dollars that we already
 collected all the proceeds and we are using that money to to reduce the
 leverage of the company.
 Regarding the hotels, the frontiers of Argentina just opened for foreigners in November, so
 the hotels in the in the city of Buenos Aires were really affected by this
 situation in the south of the country since the locals are traveling around the country,
 operation in Shao Shao was very good and we hope to see the recovery in the city
 when a site is going forward.
 One important announcement on Irsa's side was the announcement of the merge,
 For the proposal of the merge between IHRSA commercial properties and IHRSA, that was
 announced in September. We just called for the shareholders meeting that will take place
 on December the 22nd. So after this, if the merge is approved, Cresude will reduce the
 Let's take in years from 62% to 54%.
 This is because we will issue shares for minorities, shareholders of years of commercial properties
 and we will give ears as shares.
 Going to the
 Our balance sheet and the results of the quarter in page 9, we can see that we are finishing the quarter with a gain of 2.8 billion pesos compared with 11.4 billion pesos last year,
 attributable to our controlling interest is 2 billion pesos against 4.4 billion
 pesos last year. We have here several different drivers if we see on the left
 side in the agribusiness we have results that are in line with the previous year
 We are finishing with an operating income of almost 2.3 billion pesos
 against the same number last year and we will see more details in the next page in the urban
 business we are showing a loss of 4.6 billion pesos against an important game 35.1 billion
 pesos. Last year this is related to the change in the fur value. If you see in line 6, there
 you have the results that last year we posted a gain of 36 billion pesos and this year a
 a loss of 6.4 billion pesos.
 This is related to the macroeconomic drivers of Argentina.
 We are valuing our properties basically at dollar terms similar with the previous quarter,
 when we convert that into pesos and then compare with inflation. Inflation was at
 levels of nine percent during the quarter and the evaluation of the official exchange rate
 was only 3% or the blue chip swap was 7% so that effect generated losses in
 pesos term in the in the balance sheet so we can move to the next page in
 page 10, that here we have the breakdown of the Ashastre de Vita by segment, we can see
 very good results on the agri-business. The main difference with the previous year was
 the sure came line, line 4, that this is related to better prices and better production, so
 Also, adjusted by inflation, we have a much better gain than the previous year, and then
 In the rest of the lines, we are similar with the previous year.
 the first quarter is not the most relevant quarter for grades, so we will see the results
 going forward in the cattle we have the effect of the inflation that price is
 suggested lower than inflation so we are recognizing a loss here but after the
 quarter we see an increase in prices so maybe we will recover in the in the
 following quarter, and the results of Fio, as Alejandro mentioned, that was very good
 results, so we keep increasing the data of that segment regarding
 farmland sales, all the disposals that Alejandro mentioned will be recognized in the balance sheet,
 probably in the next quarter part will be in steps but we will see better results going
 forward in the previous year we we have a game related to the receivable some some
 farms that we saw are payable at backs of soybean so we last year was of the
 increasing prices we see a recovery in that line and that doesn't happen this
 water. Regarding the urban segment, here is more difficult to compare, we are
 comparing with an operation in the modes that was closed during the previous year, so here
 you can see that last year we posted a loss, this year we are recovering with almost normal
 operation in terms of revenues we will have some concessions but going forward
 that will disappear, so we are now running with a complete normal operation.
 In the case of the offices, we see an unstable result.
 we have different drivers on increasing score meters because of the La Palüera and some
 that we decreased because of the dispossess of two buildings and the hotels we start to see again
 positive numbers and say some development during the corridor was no significant transactions.
 In page 11, we see the...
 the other important effect that we have in the financial statements, we have a net financial
 results of 3 billion pesos positive against a loss last year of 3.9 billion pesos of
 lost. The reason here is basically the effects. When we see last year, we have a real devaluation
 of 0.4%, or a nominal devaluation of 8.1%,
 And this quarter, we have a nominal devaluation of 3.2,
 and appreciation in real terms of 5.6%
 that generate that when we value our debt in dollars in two pesos,
 we are recognizing a game that is in the line two
 in the next exchange differences.
 Finally, in page 12, we have the breakdown and the data mortisation schedule.
 that remain stable compared with the previous quarter. What we did during the quarter was
 to issue around 60 million dollars in the local market through two different
 transaction one was related to their central bank regulation that forced
 companies to refinance part of the debt in order to have access to buy dollars.
 So, we did a transaction very successfully in July 2021 and then in September 2021 we
 issue for $1.8 million to refinance a bond that expires in December at 3.5% interest
 right, that will with a maturity in September 2024.
 So last week, we also announced that related to our bond
 that expire in December 21, the 53.6 million dollars, we call that bond in advance, so
 So we will cancel this week all the amount in order to reduce our exposure to dollars
 and also to reduce the leverage.
 So with this, we finished the formal presentation.
 Now we open the line to receive your questions. Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Now is the time for the Q&A session.
 If you have a question, you can use the chat
 or at the bottom level raise hand.
 We will take the questions and see in the order we receive them.
 If there is a question you can use the chat or raise hand
 If there are no questions, we conclude this presentation, and we turn back to Mr. Alejandro
 thank CEO for his closing remarks thank you Santi we are beginning a very good
 season, big size regionally, having capital for buying more land in the region too after
 the capital increases that we did last year, and we are growing, so we think that it's
 It's a very good momentum for agriculture in the region.
 prices are in much better terms than in the past and margins are much higher, so we expect
 a very good season and in the combination of real estate, having closed in the first
 quoted two big transactions.
 give us a big, really very good forecast of the annual result for the agriculture business
 for the return. And in the case of the services, in the two cases, in the field and in the
 Agrofi, having the capital and the group in the case of Agrofi, it's a team of more than
 300 employees too, so we have the challenge of developing that in commerce on the region,
 So really, we are very optimistic on the 21-22 numbers.
 So I would like to thank you, everyone, and deserving to everyone, have a very good week.
 Thank you very much.