 Good morning, everyone. I'm Santiago Donato, Investor Relations Officer of Cresut, and I welcome you to the first quarter of fiscal year 2022 results conference call. First of all, I would like to remind you that both audio and slideshow may be accessed through the company's Investor Relations website at www.cresut.com.ar by clicking on the banner webcast link. The following presentation and the earnings release are also available for download on the company website. After management remarks, there will be a question and answer session for analysts and investors. If you want to make a question, please click the button labeled Raise Hand or use the chat. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that this call is being recorded, and the information discussed today may include forward-looking statements regarding the company's financial and operating performance. All projections are subject to risk and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially. Please refer to the detailed note in the company's earnings release regarding forward-looking statements. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Alejandro Elstein, CEO. Please go ahead, sir. Good morning, everyone. Hello, everyone. We are beginning our first quarter of this year, a new campaign for Cresut. And we are planting in very good conditions in the region, similar size of last years, and we are going to show you a little later about the four countries and the size of plantation. We have, in this year, we are budgeting and we are seeing better prices than last year, and higher margins compared to last year, having some bigger input costs in some, like fertilizers much more bigger. But margins, since comparing this year to last year, are a little higher. We related to the real estate business, so remembering that we have three lines of businesses. One is the production size and the yields on the production. The second is the real estate and the third, the services in agriculture. Related to the real estate, in the first quarter, we have only news in Brazil. In this quarter, we have no news in Argentina and in the rest of the countries. A lot of sales in there and a lot of liquidities in Brazil related to the real estate business. About our segment through Ilsa, the urban segment, it's recovering a lot. This quarter was all open. We saw the shopping centers open, the hotels beginning to open, and Shao Shao receiving a lot of the local tourism. So there is a lot of recovery, and we are going to see very much better numbers in the real estate. And their occupation is suffering something, but comparing to last year numbers, they are much better. Related to the quarter of production, we were driven by the sugarcane activity. In here, that activity gave us much better results and was mainly explained by the frozen that the country received in the winter that made a big loss in the southern regions of Brazil. And that made an increase, a very important increase in the sugarcane prices, combined with the oil prices increased. So the combination of the two made a big jump in the prices of the ethanol and the sugarcane. And in our case, our plantations were in regions that they were not affected in production. So that combination made us a big gain, and in the others, a good quarter too. Related to the oil effect on our balance sheets, we see a net gain that was mainly explained by this gross profit, financial result, and income tax. And there is a loss related to the fair value of IRSA. The investment properties received lost, and Matias will explain later about this loss. Finally, we had a gain of close to 2 billion pesos, attributable to controlling shareholders. So this is the main explanation of the quarter. I will introduce Carlos Luzon. Okay, thank you, Alejandro. Let's move to the slide number three, about the expected planted area. As we can see in the graph, this fiscal year 2022 will continue on the top of the ranking for the third years in a row. The area we are planting now is 262,000 hectares, distributed around the four countries you can see in the graph, similar to the last year. 14,000 in Paraguay, 14,000 in Bolivia too, 111,000 in Brazil, and 123,000 in Argentina. About the crop breakdowns, the crops this year remained the same in the last three years. 46% soybean, 27% corn, 9% sugarcane, 3% wheat, and the others produced 8% for the total of the production. Moving to the next page, about farming activity and agriculture output. In the graph to the left, about stock conceptions, the soybean and the corn stocks remain globally low, having soybean about 27.7% and corn 25.4%. In case of the United States, in this graphic shows you that the stocks in the United States are even lower than in the rest of the world, having soybean about 7.3% and corn 10, 1% respectively. These stock conceptions have a relation about the commodity prices. In relation about that, we can observe in the graph how prices previously went up to reaching their tops in June of 2021, about soybeans 64% and corn 113%. However, along the following five months, there was a moderate correction in the prices dropping 17% in soybeans and 25% in corn, 23% in corn. Now, the current regional head positions in prices similar to the budget is in soybeans 56% and in corn 51% and similar prices to the budget. About climate condition and the showing process. As shown in the bottom right of the graph, the climate conditions in Argentina and Brazil had a recovery in comparison to the dry season of the last year. Currently, the forecast marked neutrality as the línea moved away. Regarding the current showing process in November 2021, the total soybean is 23%, Bolivia 64%, Brazil 40% and Argentina 2%. And the last one in wheat, we have 100% of the planting because now we are just starting to harvest in Argentina. Thank you, everybody. When we go to the next page, we can see what happened in the farmland sales. And these two operational transactions were done in Brazil. None of them was reflected on the balance sheet because we are putting the transactions the date of surpassing some level of payment and giving possession. And that was not accomplished on the 30th of September, none in the new two cases. The two sales are in two different regions. The first one, Rio de Mayo, that it was done in September. Productive area that we sold is 2.9 thousand hectares that we bought for 40 million reais and we sold for 130 million reais in a nominal sale. Remember that in Brazil, we sell in installments related to bags of soybeans. So when we put the gain, we discount that nominal value to the present value and we made the internal rate of return with the present value. And giving us, in the first case, an internal rate of return in realis of 56% and in the case of dollars, 40%. That was a transaction done when we did the merge with AgriFirma that we merged through paying through shares of Brasil Agro. And in this case, only selling the third of the farm will recover what we paid for the whole farm. So it was a big gain. It is a very important gain for the first quarter doing this small transaction. The second one, that it was done in October 21, still not recognized and probably will be on the 30th of December, 31 of December. In here, we are selling a productive area of 2.7 thousand hectares for a total number of 589 million reais. This is bigger than the first IPO the company did, only selling 2.7 thousand hectares. So a small, and look at what is that price per hectare. It is depending in the present value or nominal value, 30,000 or more or 40,000 or more realis dollars per hectare. Sorry, 40,000 or 30,000 dollars or more in the present or nominal value. So give us the re-evaluation of the land in Brazil. This is a transaction that will be recognized in two steps. First step, it is more than half, 2.5 thousand, 1.5 thousand, sorry, hectares of productive area in the first tranche. And the second tranche will be like 1.1 thousand hectares in 2024. So this is a big transaction, giving us a big gain for this year and for 2024 too. And internal rate of return, this farm we bought in 2007, if I don't remember incorrectly. So a long story, giving us like 20% in reais or 12% in dollars, a big gain. And again, when we see a farm at 3% return, we sell it and we begin to invest it in another area or another activity. So first semester or first quarter with activity in Brazil, but still not reflected in our balance sheets. We can move now to page number six. And we would like every quarter to be mentioned in some of what our agricultural services are doing. Here in this page, we are reflecting the two, FIO and AgroFi. FIO, where Cresult owns 50.1%. And let's see what is the commercialization status. This company became the first of the country by far, commercializing grains, inputs, futures and options, services. So this company that today, this year surpassed 6.4%. And we can see the breakdown of what is our participation on the corn, wheat and soybeans. This company became by more than 2 million tons bigger than the competitors. And this is making really a big gain. It became the EBT evolution. We see that we are achieving close to $15 million record of the company coming five, six years ago, close to breakeven. So this company is becoming relevant to Cresult. And to give an idea of this company that has close to zero debt, went to the market and raised $12.3 million at a zero interest rate through the local capital market in two years period. So this will be for investment in fixed assets and working capital. But this company is mainly employees. This year is passing more employees than Cresult. FIO is close to 300 employees. Cresult agriculture in Argentina is something like that. This company is pure services to farmers from the inputs to the exports for the commodities and the specialties. This company is growing not only in Argentina, beginning its expansion in the region, going in the inputs to the rest of South America. In the output, it's beginning in Brazil through FIO in Brazil. So this company is beginning to be very relevant to our strategy. And in the other side, in the right, we can see the evolution of AgroFi, where Cresult's stake is 20%. AgroFi expanding not only to Argentina, but Uruguay, Brazil, Bolivia, Paraguay, Chile, and going to Colombia. So growing in revenues, growing the last year in 87%, beginning the first transaction of farmers in the, this is the e-commerce for the agriculture business. And this is the leading company in the region, with annual business of 31 million participants, with a lot of monthly contacts, finishing a capital raise these days, raising more capital to expand its mission. So this is becoming the marketplace of the agriculture business. So the two of the two growing a lot in the whole region, we are seeing much more results of Cresult through these two companies. I will introduce now Mr. Matias Haibirowski. Thank you, Alejandro. Good morning, everyone. If we move to page seven, we can see the different performance of our segments in the urban side through our participation in IRSA. Our shopping malls, we are happy that for the first time in the last one year and a half, we are running without restrictions. All the pandemic restrictions were clear by the government, so now we can run on a normal operation. We can see that after the effect of the pandemic, we have an occupancy of almost 90%. If we leave aside the fact of Falabella that left the country, we have 94.3%. The occupancy is growing quarter by quarter, so we expect to have better numbers going forward. When we see the real sales, of course, when we compare with the previous year that the operation was closed, we see a ridiculous number, 322% above last year. When we compare with pre-pandemic levels, we see a real decrease of 10.7%. So we hope to see better numbers going forward as well. In the case of the offices, we remain with the same size of the portfolio with 114,000 square meters after selling some properties and with the inauguration of Catalina's building that we did during December last year. The occupancy is at levels of 78.9%. The average rent per square meter remains stable at levels of $25 per square meter. We see that the companies are coming back to the offices with a hybrid modality, but our operations never close in the office portfolio. After the closing of the quarter, we announced a new sale of some floors at the 261 de la Paulera building. We sold three floors for $32 million that we already collected all the proceeds and we are using that money to reduce the leverage of the company. Regarding the hotels, the frontiers of Argentina just opened for foreigners in November. So the hotels in the city of Buenos Aires were really affected by this situation. In the south of the country, since the locals are traveling around the country, the operation in Shao Shao was very good. And we hope to see the recovery in the city of Buenos Aires going forward. One important announcement on IRSA side was the announcement of the merge or the proposal of the merge between IRSA commercial properties and IRSA that was announced in September. We just called for the shareholders meeting that will take place on December the 22. So after this, if the merge is approved, CRESUD will reduce the stake in IRSA from 62% to 54%. This is because we will issue shares for minority shareholders of IRSA commercial properties and we will give IRSA shares. Going to our balance sheet and the results of the quarter in page 9, we can see that we are finishing the quarter with a gain of 2.8 billion pesos compared with 11.4 billion pesos last year. Attributable to our controlling interest is 2 billion pesos against 4.4 billion pesos last year. We have here several different drivers. If we see on the left side in the agribusiness, we have results that are in line with the previous year. We are finishing with an operating income of almost 2.3 billion pesos against the same number last year. And we will see more details in the next page. In the urban business, we are showing a loss of 4.6 billion pesos against an important gain of 35.1 billion pesos. Last year, this is related to the change in the fair value. If you see in line 6, there you have the results that last year we posted a gain of 36 billion pesos and this year a loss of 6.4 billion pesos. This is related to the macroeconomic drivers of Argentina. We are valuing our properties basically at dollar terms similar with the previous quarter. But when we convert that into pesos and then compare with inflation, inflation was at levels of 9% during the quarter and the devaluation of the official exchange rate was only 3% or the blue chip swap was 7%. So that effect generates losses in pesos term in the balance sheet. So we can move to the next page, page 10, that here we have the breakdown of the adjusted EBITDA by segment. We can see very good results on the agribusiness. The main difference with the previous year was the sugar cane line, line 4, that this is related to better prices. And better production. So also adjusted by inflation, we have a much better gain than the previous year. And then in the rest of the lines, we are similar with the previous year. The first quarter is not the most relevant quarter for grains. And so we will see the results going forward. In the cattle, we have the effect of the inflation that prices adjusted lower than inflation. So we are recognizing a loss here. So we are recognizing a loss here. But after the quarter, we see an increase in prices. So maybe we will recover in the following quarter. And the results of FIO, as Alejandro mentioned, that was very good results. So we keep increasing the EBITDA of that segment. Regarding farmland sales, all the disposals that Alejandro mentioned will be recognized in the balance sheet, probably in the next quarter. Part will be in steps. But we will see better results going forward. In the previous year, we have, again, related to the receivables. Some farms that we sold are payable at packs of soybeans. So last year, because of the increase in prices, we see a recovery in that line. And that doesn't happen this quarter. Regarding the urban segment, here it's more difficult to compare. We are comparing with an operation in the malls that was closed during the previous year. So here you can see that last year we posted a loss. This year we are recovering with almost normal operation in terms of revenues. We will have some concessions, but going forward that will disappear. So we are now running with a complete normal operation. In the case of the offices, we see stable results. Here we have different drivers on increasing square meters because of the La Paluera, and some that will increase because of the disposals of two buildings. And the hotels, we start to see, again, positive numbers. And sales and development during the quarter was no significant transactions. In page 11, we see the other important effect that we have in the financial statements. We have a net financial results of 3 billion pesos positive against a loss last year of 3.9 billion pesos of loss. The reason here is basically the effects. When we see last year, we have a real devaluation of 0.4 percent or a nominal devaluation of 8.1 percent. And this quarter, we have a nominal devaluation of 3.2 and appreciation in real terms of 5.6 percent. That generates that when we value our debt in dollars into pesos, we are recognizing again that it is in the line two in the next exchange differences. Finally, in page 12, we have the breakdown and the debt amortization schedule that remains stable compared with the previous quarter. In September, what we did during the quarter was to issue around $60 million in the local market through two different transactions. One was related to the central bank regulation that forced companies to refinance part of the debt in order to have access to buy dollars. So we did a transaction very successfully in July 2021. And then in September 2021, we issued $41.8 million to refinance a bond that expired in December at 3.5 percent interest rate with a maturity in September 2024. So last week, we also announced that related to our bond that expired in December 21, the $53.6 million. We called that bond in advance. So we will cancel this week all the amount in order to reduce our exposure to dollars and also to reduce the leverage. So with this, we finished the formal presentation. Now we open the line to receive your questions. Thank you very much. Thank you. Now is the time for the Q&A session. If you have a question, you can use the chat or the bottom label raise hand. We will take the questions in the order we receive them. If there is a question, you can use the chat or raise hand. If there are no questions, we conclude this presentation and we turn back to Mr. Alejandro Elstein, CEO, for his closing remarks. Thank you, Santi. Thank you, Santi. We are beginning a very good season, big size regionally, having capital for buying more land in the region, too, after the capital increases that we did last year. And we are growing. So we think that it's a very good momentum for agriculture in the region. Prices are in much better terms than in the past and margins are much higher. So we expect a very good season. And in the combination of real estate, having closed in the first quarter two big transactions, give us a big, really very good forecast of the annual result for the agricultural business for the region. And in the case of the services, in the two cases, in the FIO and in AgroFi, having the capital and the group, in the case of AgroFi, it's a team of more than 300 employees, too. So we have the challenge of developing that e-commerce on the region. So really, we are very optimistic on the 21-22 numbers. So I would like to thank you, everyone, and deserving to everyone, have a very good week. Thank you very much. Thank you.