 Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the alubis HE conference call
 on the occasion of the publication of the quarterly report.
 first three months, 2021, 22.
 At this time, all participants have been placed on a list in original mode.
 The floor will be open for your questions following the presentation.
 Now I hand over to Edgar Prinkman.
 Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter conference call.
 With us today are our CEO, Ulan Tariq, and our CSO,
 Gainer-Saoufiq.
 They will share some highlights of our strong Q1 results and will exchange a quarter for
 That is, we have time for Q&A.
 But that, I hand over to Roland Harris.
 Yes. Thanks, Elke. Good afternoon from my side.
 Let us be here with you talking about the Q1 results.
 After presenting you with the best results in the company history in December, I'm pleased
 present today to you the best Q1 quarter results ever.
 performance, we took the decision to raise our forecast also for the full year 2021-22.
 A strong ongoing demand for all Arubis products and a good supply situation for copper concentrates
 and for most recycling materials have caused us to raise the forecast already after the
 for the first three months.
 As already announced in the APOC release, the operating EVP of Q1 amounted to 152 million euros,
 85 per cent above the quarter of the previous year.
 The corresponding ROCE of 16.6% underlines the strong development compared to Q1, 2021,
 ASEE stood at 9.6%.
 Although net cash flow is negative at minus 85 million euros due to higher inventories
 and receivables, it is clearly better than the first
 also of last year, maybe due to the very good Q1 results.
 As energy intensive companies, we are exposed to rising electricity and gas prices.
 Yet, we have measures in place to actively counteract this, and we will come to this in more detail later.
 On this slide, you can see a quick overview of our key operating year-to-day figures.
 Revenue increased by 27 percent,
 by significantly higher industrial metal prices, higher sales of copper products and higher sulfuric acid revenues.
 Cross profits increased by 22% due to very strong market conditions and a solid performance.
 We come to the details of our earnings drivers in a minute.
 That's fine.
 certain cost increases, we achieved an 85% increase in our operating EBT overall compared
 So that's a lot here.
 And again,
 last but not least, our ROCE at 16.6 exceeds our target figure of 16%.
 into last quarter's market conditions.
 The copper price remains at a level of around 9700 US dollar per ton, well above Q1 of the
 past his career.
 the other industrial metals, such as in, left, and think,
 equally shows the very positive market development.
 Let's have a quick look at the Concentrate Markets.
 Arubis saw a good supply situation during the course of Q1 and was able to fully supply
 the primary production sites with a good mix of input materials.
 The international market for copper concentrates saw the new benchmark for clean concentrates
 being set at 65 U.S. dollars per ton and 6.5 cents per pound in December 21.
 This corresponds to an increase of 9% year over year.
 benchmark increase is well supported by expectations of strong, strong mine output over the course
 of the year.
 The latest update of Wood-McKinsey shows an unexpected, I'm sorry, an expected increase
 of mine output by around 7% in 22 year-over-year.
 short-term levels for proper concentrates showed no major movements during the reporting
 period and it remains around benchmark levels.
 One important point to mention the Chinese Mercer Purchase Team has set the buying floor
 for this quarter, Q1 of the calendar year, at US$70 per tonne and 7 cents per pound above
 benchmark levels, indicating the positive momentum on the concentrate market.
 As we always say in this call,
 with concentrates beyond the actual period and this is in line with our long-term supply
 strategy and long-term contracts.
 Moving out to the recycling market, during Q1 of the current 50th year, we saw sufficient
 availability of copper strap, blister copper and other complex resighting materials on
 on a global sourcing basis.
 Arubis benefitted in the first quarter from good RCs for complex recycling materials as
 as well as good RCs for scrapper scrap for smelting from purchase inventory materials.
 The availability, the availability of copper scrap number 2 during Q1 were sufficient, but below previous years,
 and wait until they're here.
 Consequently, our fees remain at lower level spending per year.
 CRU estimates the average RC of scrap number 2 at around 275 Euros per ton in Europe.
 The weightability of complex recycling materials remains more stable during the first quarter
 with our teams at stable level versus previous year.
 Looking forward, our production sites are already significantly supplied with materials well
 into the second quarter of this current fiscal year, 21-22.
 Coming to the market of sulfuric acid, the sulfuric market shows strong ongoing demand
 combined with a substitute temporary supply situation
 in the last quarter.
 this resulted into higher prices for assets.
 The strong market performance coincided with a very good throughput and strong asset production at Arubis.
 Additional capacities of assets were sold at currently very fatal spot market terms.
 ICIS reported new Q4 contracts for NW Europe at 205 to 240 euros FOB.
 It remains that global markets are tight and we expect that this situation will continue
 to stay well into the first half of 22.
 So, the current outlook for this fiscal year remains very positive for the very present.
 And now to the ACP, the Alunos Copper premium for this year.
 We set the number for last calendar year at 96 U.S. dollar per tonne.
 reflecting the stable demand throughout the year 2020.
 For 2022, for this calendar year, we have increased the number to 123 US dollars per tonne.
 This is due to the strong demand and continued high takeoff for our products in Europe.
 all to the stock premium levels in both Europe and Asia,
 state constant during the reporting period, indicating and underlining that there's a
 strong demand for retirees who are in cover globally.
 The love points here is the US dollar and as you know we have a long position of approximately
 500 U.S. dollars, 500 million U.S. dollars in 50 years, 21, 25, 2, and within the scope
 of our hatching strategy, we have, for this posterior, hatched 70% at a rate of 1.147
 has hatched 34% at a rate of 1.159 for the coming fiscal year.
 Talking about energy, which has been addressed in various discussions that we have already,
 Here we want to share some of the data, how we see energy in the total context of our
 cost.
 What is here?
 Inflation.
 Top.
 of inflation is being probably discussed at this moment.
 is also facing some cost increases.
 However, mainly arising from the current energy prices and the peaks of these prices on the
 energy pockets.
 The good news is today all other cost components at crude level stay rather stable quarter
 over a quarter and the cost reduction measures that we have taken show effects. And specifically
 the effects from the PIP program continue to contribute to significant cost reduction,
 hence also positively affecting and benefiting to the bottom line.
 In the current fiscal year, 2021-22, we expect the cost savings of about 90 million euros
 arising only from the PIT program.
 All in all, the very positive developments on the earnings drivers market could more than
 compensate for the energy cost compensation we were facing during quarter one of the current
 Now, having talked about the overall cost situation, let's take a bit more into the energy cost
 of the younger school.
 Into one of this fiscal year, we saw a significant price increase for energy prices quarter over quarter.
 mainly driven by higher prices for coal and CO2,
 resulting in increased electricity prices and also natural gas, which also increased considerably.
 In order to provide you a more detailed overview of the real energy costs on troop levels,
 we have reduced our energy costs by the received compensation for the first time.
 For example, indirect CO2 electricity compensation and state response in this overview.
 Our goal with this is to provide the financial market a better insight in the actual cost
 and exposure to energy markets of our movies.
 Current high energy costs remain a cost-inflation factor for the current fiscal year, despite
 our high hatching rate of two-thirds of the energy consumption.
 However, the very positive burning site more than compensates for the current energy cost
 inflation.
 To summarize, energy prices, so electricity and other energy components, remain a very
 rather than topic for a rubis.
 The risks and opportunities from energy markets, however, are effectively mitigated with energy
 efficiency as well as hatching measures. And with this I would like to hand over to Reiner
 with more new types in the future.
 Thanks, Roland, and good afternoon from my side.
 Let's have a look at the financial KPIs.
 are always key performance indicators continue to show a very stable and robust picture.
 I will see you improve to 16.6% as a result of the very good earnings situation, the equity
 of 49% and the debt coverage ratio remain very strong.
 And that cash flow was with minus 85 million.
 than expected. In the first quarter due to the inventory build-up, please bear in mind that we
 had last year an extraordinary high cash flow towards the end of the last financial year.
 All in all, this good financial position provides significant room for the implementation of
 of all strategy.
 going to the segmentation. As a reminder, since October 1st, 2021, we are reporting
 in two revised segments.
 Our new segments are now mounting metal recycling on the one hand and custom smelting and products
 on the other.
 The focus of our business lies on securing the most profitable input materials for us
 network.
 Therefore, we have decided to separate our reporting segments along the main input material
 Next names.
 Six
 and mitral recycling comprises the four secondary measures of the group.
 or when you project the multi-metallic recycling facility in the U.S.
 will be part of this segment as well.
 With our long-standing and very successful plants in Germany, Belgium, and Spain, the
 segment, multi-metallic recycling offers a wide range of recycling services to our customers
 and covers most of the metals that form the basis for all kinds of industrial applications.
 Another equally important pillar in our segmentation is the segment Customs Sermiting and Products.
 Here, we report about our integrated flash sizes in Humboldt and Piotr, which we operate
 would concentrate as the main input materials.
 The Copper Ores originates from mines all over the world.
 Based on the input material as well as the related production equipment, there is a clear
 from our recycling business.
 In this segment, we also report on the product business, the copper wire rod produced in
 plans to shape business with corporate case and finance, as well as the federal business
 are reported in the segment.
 further products included in this segment are sulfuric acid, all iron silicate products,
 our precious metal production. As already stated in December, we are convinced that this new
 segmentation for more transparent and balanced view of our business reflects our updated
 strategy appropriately.
 and will create a better understanding of all future growth.
 Let me highlight some financial and production figures from the MMR segment.
 The operating EBT was at 77 million and thus 64% above the previous year's figures.
 Good operating performance, with significantly higher refining charges for recycling materials,
 ends high metal gains led to this extraordinary result.
 especially the price increases for the industrial metals,
 Zinc, nickel and copper in particular has strong positive effects here.
 With an outstanding ROCE of 38.9%, the target level of 15% was more than doubled in this
 first quarter 21-22. The consumption of recycling materials and the cattle production increased
 due to the strong operative performance of the plant.
 The input of copper scrap and blister copper was slightly reduced compared to Q1 last year.
 We have a look at CSB. In the CSB segment, too, the operating EVT increased significantly
 by 83% to 88 million as compared to last year.
 The very strong performance of the smashes in Hamburg and Piedor led to higher concentration
 throughputs and thus high sulfuric acid production.
 high demand on sulfuric acid markets, combined with a low supply, led to another considerable
 price increase, which had a very positive effect on the results.
 The high prices of industrial metals led to higher metal gains in this segment as well.
 ROCE was at 9.5% at the end of this first quarter. On the product side, demand was
 stable at a high level for rock and shade, even increased further as compared to P1 last
 year.
 Our energy prices had a slightly negative impact in those seconds.
 move to the outlook for our earnings supply with starting with the concentrated markets.
 The expected concentrate production rates from both CRU and WUTMEG show a significant
 increase of production volumes.
 would make expect global mine production to increase in Glendale year 2022 by 7 percent,
 while the additional smashing capacity is expected to grow at only 2%.
 In summary, Wutmeck expects the additional supply to keep up with the rising demand and
 that should result in a world-renowned global custom smelter-concentrated market.
 I hope it was able to fully supply production plants with concentrates throughout Q1-21-22
 and based on our expected stock levels our mergers are already well supplied
 beyond the end of Q2, this financial year.
 Moving on to the scrap RCs, our core markets Europe and the US have seen a normalization
 of RC levels from record highs during last fiscal year.
 The efficiency of input materials for copper scrap for smelting was sufficient during Q1
 situation for the rest of the financial year 2021-22.
 The EU estimates an average of around 275 Euros per ton for Scrat No. 2 during the reporting
 period, with a first expected price increase in January 2022.
 The availability of complex recycling materials like shredder materials, PCBs, residues, flags and assets was more stable than the availability of scrap number two.
 Accordingly, the RCs for Complex Recycling State at Beneficial Level 4 will be.
 We foresee a stable market with good RCEs as these markets are less volatile and our
 contacts are based on longer terms. Our production plans are well-applied with recycling materials
 materials at good refining charges until the end of Q2-21-22.
 The positive momentum in the global spot-pricing for sulfuric acid keeps going or kept going
 during Q1-21-22.
 for a season's ongoing strong demand in our core markets in Europe as well as overseas,
 with limited availability in the markets.
 This positive trend is expected to continue to the second half of the calendar year 2022.
 Longer term contracts are expected to be closed with an increase in price levels.
 All in all, a very positive outlook for the asset market for UBIS during this fiscal year.
 As briefly mentioned before, on the copper premium side, for Canada Year 22, this has
 and set at $123, which reflects the positive demand
 for refined copper with a tighter market expectation.
 of our copper products, rod shapes, and FLP.
 We see strong, ongoing demand for all our proper products and expect positive contributions from the product business.
 We saw ongoing demand from all customer segments during Q1, with the trends expected to continue
 in the whole fiscal year 21-22.
 Both product demand for rods and demand for shapes remain at high levels, and we expect this trend to continue during the fiscal year.
 Also, FRP is doing fine.
 our Stolbeck plant should be back to full production by the end of June 3 of our fiscal year.
 With a very positive preliminary figures for G1, we informed the capital markets on January
 about the increase in our forecast range for 2021-22.
 Based on the latest assumptions, we now expect an operating EBT between 400 and 500 million
 up from 320 to 380 and an operating ROCE of 15 to 19% previously 12 to 16%.
 Accordingly, we updated the forecast range for the multi-metallic recycling segment.
 We expect an operating EBG between 190 and 250 million, up from 140 to 200, and an operating
 ROCE between 22% and 26% previously 16% and 20%.
 For the Customs Merging and Product Segment, we now expect an operating UBT between two
 280 and 340 million up from 210 to 270 and an operating ROCE between 14 and 80 percent.
 Last but not least, I'd like to inform you about the renewal of our syndicated credit facility.
 At the beginning of February 2022,
 will be signed a new 350 million syndicates credit facility with the option of increasing
 it by up to $150 million.
 The new credit facility has a term of five years and can be extended twice by one year.
 The purpose of the credit facility is general company financing, particularly as a reserve
 for potential liquidity fluctuations.
 With this facility, our office is prematurely replacing the syndicated facility that had
 term until 2023. This new financing instrument is linked to the rating of ecobardus, so our
 the ability rating.
 We are always holding the platinum status with 73 out of 100 points and thus belongs
 to the top 1% of companies in the global non-ferrous metals industry.
 The ESG-linked syndicated loan emphasizes that sustainability continues to extend into
 financing structures at all risk.
 As the most sustainable smart network worldwide, we connect our financing conditions to our
 strategic business activities.
 In June 2020, August was the first company in this industrial sector to successfully
 replace a shouleshine loan of $400 million with a sustainability component.
 The current ESG-linked syndicated pressure facility is a confirmation of our ambition
 to expanding our industry leadership in sustainability.
 With this, I'm back to work.
 So, coming to the last slide now, talking about the dividends.
 And as a result of a very successful fiscal year 2021,
 we would like our shareholders to share in our success in the appropriate form.
 Therefore, in line with our dividend policy, the Executive and the Supervisory Board are
 recommending a dividend of 1.6 billion to the shareholders at the annual general meeting
 on February 7th, so in the next week already, yeah.
 This would lead to a dividend yield of 2.5% based on the closing price of €65.38 on
 September 30th of the year 21.
 This corresponds then to a dividend payout ratio of 26% of the group's operating results.
 And with this, I think, after presenting our results,
 I would say in a very good market environment, we deliver very good results.
 I will hand back to Elgar for the Q&A.
 Thanks for your attention.
 Yes, thank you Roland.
 With this, we start the Q&A session and I ask the operator to read the line for the first time.
 Yes, thank you very much.
 So...
 We have first a questioner in the line, and it is Tinder Goyal from XM BNP Paribas.
 And so it's yours.
 Thank you very much.
 Good afternoon.
 Good couple of questions. First one, back to your guidance. The company got forced to
 to arrange guidance within six weeks of establishing it
 for second time in a row.
 We appreciate the new divisional disclosure, but do you think it's still an easy-to-forecast
 business or how would you recommend modeling this business or is there a steady state EBT
 number that you can put on this business without including any growth optionality that you
 If you input all mid-cycle inputs, where would your EBTB for the current business as it stands?
 Yeah, thanks for the question, Tim Lovina here.
 So we had a new normal, a couple of capital markets days ago, which was at 300.
 So now with the acquisition of metallo, of ore, it will be a bit higher.
 with the asset prices, which were unpredictable.
 And let's say the surge in metal in pretty much all industrial metal prices.
 If you look at TIN, which let's say more than double here over here, that is something that
 that we couldn't forecast, that we couldn't put into our guidance before.
 We now see clearer and therefore we had to adjust our guidance.
 That's why we have this extraordinary situation which is clearly driven by the metal prices
 here and by the asset, though we also had a good operating performance of our plants,
 which is also quite important topic, which then all in all very much overcompensated the
 negative impacts from the energy.
 Understood. Thank you.
 And another one, are you able to provide any indication on gross profit for the new divisions,
 RMR and CSP are those quite aligned to the EBIT or EBIT levels just to get some sense
 or
 If you could provide depreciation split, that will be helpful as well.
 I mean, you see on the ROCE level that we are running quite different capital employees
 in the different segments and therefore you see this also extraordinary high ROCE in the
 the MMR segment, which has to do with much lower, or let's say, half the capital employed.
 is not only from the fixed efforts but it's of course also from the networking
 capital because all the product business is in the CSB segment.
 So, therefore, you can, in principle, say it's double,
 It always doubles the capital employed in the CSP compared to the NMR.
 But the gross profit of these businesses is aligned with the EBIT that you reported for these two as well.
 Yes, absolutely.
 Thank you
 At the moment, there are no further questions.
 So please press 9 and star to register for a question.
 That is Bastian Zinaglitz from Deutsche Bank.
 Over to you.
 Thank you for taking my question as well here.
 I actually want to make a first of all on the historic asset term, where you seem to be getting a decent element already in the fourth quarter.
 I meant to talk that always as an annual pricing mechanism with annual contracts.
 Could you maybe let us know whether there has been anything which changed in the contract
 or whether you've been just seeing the price volatility and so forth,
 before we get into it more quickly here now.
 Yeah, Roland speaking here. Thanks for your question.
 So, Frank, as it spreads one point, and you see it in our documentation, we had a very
 strong...
 production in the first quarter of our fiscal year, which leads to more spot opportunities.
 So there are two things came together, extra tonnage and a very high demand on the market
 side.
 This helps to improve the prices.
 we haven't changed over all our policy
 that a certain base load of long-term contracts
 is being taken year over year with our,
 specifically with our customer service from the Hamburg plant.
 Third off, we also said in the last course, we have a higher ratio of spot business there,
 But overall, as we showed with the officials,
 the way the numbers, so for a passive market has been
 characterized by strong demand with very good pricing.
 Thanks for the call.
 Just to follow up briefly, could you maybe give us a little split roughly between annual
 and spot basically just to get a sense for the annual share because I guess we're the
 price.
 I'm currently seeing there's definitely a very big price step up coming in the course
 of the first calendar quarter.
 Now if you take as a guidance 80% long-term 20% spot, however, again, we lock in contracts
 at a conservative production level.
 So if we have a very strong production, like we saw in the first quarter, then the spot
 ratio
 goes further slightly up, but in our planning we assume these 80-20 rules.
 Okay, excellent. That's a good color. Thanks for that.
 Then just moving on to Zinc, where I saw that the volume
 to the center of your group, which has basically never been
 If they were this quarter, I think they were up even by 50% over the fourth quarter.
 Of course, this is probably also due to metallo, but is there any other extraordinary in there
 where you may be thought of in the tree
 is basically just the new normal because of the traditional metallurgical capabilities
 capabilities which you're embroidered with your metallodeo.
 Yeah, I think we need to differentiate the concentrate throughput and if we refer to
 this number, we had a very strong Q1 in our fiscal year, compared to the year over year,
 with 12% more concentrate throughput, which reached a level of 679,000 tons, which is
 It's truly a very strong water, but this concentrate throughput is connected from the position of
 to our portfolio.
 This is really the recycling system, and here, as we announced with the integration of the
 We have achieved now recycling material throughput of around 1 million tons or exceeded already
 be one million tons last year in total.
 Concentrate is really the two plants, Hamburg and Bulgaria, and then we have the recycling
 network which are the other plants.
 Okay, got it. Thanks a lot. Thanks for that.
 Then just one last question, if I may, on energy costs as well.
 Here, I was just wondering, in terms of the time-rank, which you have here for the CO2
 which you're all getting a combination for.
 If I work it out correctly here, I think you're receiving, I think, a payback for roughly,
 I think 40 euros per ton, so I just assume that there is now less than the 12 months of time on this.
 And then also maybe we can give us the mark to mark the number of the 52 million energy
 because if you look at the position, maybe how would it look like, excellent spot conditions.
 So, to the compensation, we have, as we discussed over in this call, we are eligible for the
 CO2 compensation in the framework of the ETS.
 And here we receive different ratios in the country,
 depending on the energy mix. So it's not easy to make a direct one-to-one comparison here.
 And this eligibility is now decided until 2030.
 so for the actual trading periods of the ETS.
 for to make a real comparison or to give you a real number of the impact of energy cost
 or electricity costing increases, which is also highly driven by the CO2 costing increases,
 we decided to put this compensation mechanism
 into our energy cost.
 So that's really the net cost, the energy cost
 that we see bottom line.
 there is one point you're right
 there is a certain, let's say, time lag in the,
 how the compensation, the indirect CO2 compensation,
 is being paid to us.
 So this is something which again makes it not a very simple equation how this is calculated.
 Okay, and the time lag, I mean, is this broad here, or is it even much longer than that?
 I think we just took the delta between the number you're not showing versus the number
 you've been showing for the same quarter you go. I think that's roughly £10 million also.
 And then I just worked at Beckwood with the quarterly scope to emissions of like 250,000
 the company to apply 40 Euros per ton of CO2 and I just looked at the CO2 chart and thought
 That means it has to be less than a year time like that.
 Yeah, the time lag for this indirect compensation is two years and this compensation that we
 we receive in the actual period, the money that we receive as compensation is taken into
 account in the energy cost that we show, which means that we will get a higher compensation
 This is here, but just in two years' time, and we show it then really in the two-year time period only.
 So that's the timing, the way how we have put this into our equation here, so we really
 show the net cost of what is really hitting our PNL.
 Ok, great.
 And then if we were to mark the 62 million number to today's conditions, how would that
 o'clock.
 Yeah, but that's a bit different or difficult question, Bastian, because it is electricity,
 gas, it's other fuels, it's a mixture of different prices, of electricity prices, gas prices
 and so forth in different legislations.
 So therefore, there is not only one figure that we can mention here.
 Yeah.
 one additional point, this compensation is a payout, so we are not receiving any certificates
 or anything which is on the accounts.
 So it's really calculated after they were paid out and calculated two years after the calendar year
 is really over and then we get a straight payment. So there is no certificates or no
 rights or anything issued, so therefore there's also not a mark-to-market
 That's the key to innovation there.
 No, it's really just more referring to just the overall energy bill you'll see I think
 in the last quarter field with that you basically have roughly two birds with their heads and
 And I guess if he catches our rolling, maybe you are not catching any longer, it's much
 at current energy prices because maybe they're high,
 But I was just going to have to see how the C52 million
 number moves basically when we're moving closer to what the current conditions are without
 I don't feel like getting to the penny just to get a broad sense, but I just don't feel
 like a complex exercise, but I'm still sure you've been looking into this.
 Yeah, but I think what is important just to underline that we as eligible sector and company,
 We are being mostly compensated for the CO2 cost increase in the electricity production
 And this will last, which means today we see a CO2 certificate prices of, say, about 90
 euros but on which means we are not getting this compensation and actually
 and this fits in here, not to the P&L, but we will get it in two years' time.
 So I think it's important that our energy bill and the electricity bill is kind of disconnected
 from the CO2 price increase or certificate price increases, but again with this time
 about two years.
 In overall, please bear in mind that the energy cost in total is 14 or 15, or is it today?
 So it is not that much and this factor then moves up by one-third due to
 to sport market conditions.
 And that reflects here in the 62 million that you see.
 OK.
 Thank you.
 It's helpful.
 And next up is Christian Olds from BodyBank. Over to you.
 Thank you. Good afternoon. So, we have three questions. One is also on the cost side.
 you are looking for additional employees. As I have seen, can you give us some kind of
 your expectation about personal cost increase going forward, so new personal wealth on coming
 in and also the inflation issues there.
 The second one is on battery recycling, where you stand currently.
 what is the type paper and what is the main question mark for you before you decide to
 invest into some kind of a bigger plan here and the last one more strategic one or what
 What are the main investments in Europe when it comes to capacity and renewables, something
 like that. And what kind of amount of scrap are you targeting to get at a throughput when
 and you have all these investments done.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thanks. Thanks, Mr. Oop, for speaking here. So to your first question regarding
 increase in headcount to the people we are hiring. So the two areas we are strengthening
 our IT, our digital department, and also our group engineering organization in line with
 our strategy, we are strengthening this engineering group in order to focus and deliver on the
 investments that we have planned for the coming years and the total cost increase that we
 If everybody is on board, which we are doing as we speak, the total cost increase will
 be in the magnitude of 10 million euros plus minus depending on what we find so that gives
 So if you translate this, it's about, say, 80 to 100 people in this range, depending
 on where we place them because we have options to bring people into different fives of a
 like Sofia, Pililob, Spain, Belgium, or also in Germany.
 So that's the number regarding increase, and your question regarding battery cycling,
 that we are building up our pilot plant,
 It's a more demo plan, it's quite an impressive setup that we are finally installing these
 And we will go into this demo production in March.
 That's what when we're going to start and we will see the hopefully the full confirmation of what we have developed in the lap
 pilot scale in early summer time frame and in parallel we are investigating what we are
 working on the feasibility to go the next step in order to see what is recycling, what
 is investment in better recycling.
 like mass recycling would look like in an industrial state.
 Do you still have some kind of a partner there or looking for a partner?
 We are, if you see, there is an amazing dynamic in this market and there is not a day without
 of the press release or any use.
 And I'm not in a position to disclose
 with whom we are discussing what that we are at the in the midst of the discussion with
 OEMs, battery producers, and all the companies who are
 setting up or thinking about setting up collection schemes and dismantling schemes for use batteries
 coming from the vehicle's end of life.
 Okay.
 But I think you understand I cannot crop your names on the question that we have.
 Okay, and now the last question was on the main invest and the script target so
 and set targets as announced.
 We want to go to 50% recycling quota by the year 2030.
 It's awesome.
 It sounds easy as we already have achieved quite a lot, but please bear in mind that
 one of the Richmond recycling modules at only 90,000 tons of recycling materials while we
 We are currently using some 2.3, 2.4 million tons to the maximum concentrate on the primary
 So it's very difficult to step up the letter on the recycling part here.
 But, as you know, and as already has been announced, we are looking for, let's say, further recycling modules.
 We say it's a modular concept.
 We want to roll it out further if we see that it's working fine and it's working well.
 But this would add an increment of that same amount of, let's say, 90,000 tons of recycling material.
 What are the meaning of this?
 We have been talking about the Richmond project, of course.
 We have been talking about post-setting, so our ASPA project here, we have been talking
 about the industries that are projects which are announced already and then we have further
 projects in the pipeline, which turn, which are approximately to the end, mainly focusing
 on our capabilities of, let's say, further mighty metal
 processing, so it's about the nickel processing capabilities of all of us here in Europe.
 Of course, further recycling modules, and for sure as Roland has already mentioned, once
 we are ready with the pilot, hopefully it will work out fine, and for sure we don't
 do that just to keep us busy here.
 we want to build that on a new industrial scale as soon as possible.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 One last question.
 It didn't become high inflation in the U.S.
 How high do you see the risk that you have to invest more to erect a plant there in the
 the US. Are you still in the process of some kind of re-calculation given the size that
 we have so 10% personal cost increases,
 material price increases and so on and so forth.
 Yeah, we know the investment enrichment on November the 10th and shortly after we also published the signings
 There's a signature of a contract with our main equipment supplier, SMS.
 And this is a fixed price contract.
 So, for the equipment, more or less the whole equipment, we have already locked in the pricing
 at fixed terms during the execution.
 And we have also, you know, our business case,
 taken very, I would say, conservative high assumptions
 for steel and building materials.
 And today we see that scale prices all in the U.S. despite inflation are not going up but
 rather compared to what we took in our assumption, even
 stay from a trend a bit smaller.
 So we believe we have made here,
 we put enough security in our business plan
 and also in contracting already the services
 so that we will not see any deviation from our plan figure,
 which means we will build this plan at a topics of max 300 million euros.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 The moment they'll know further questions.
 So please press 9 and star if you would like to ask the question.
 And we have a question coming from Yanis Masoulas from Morgan Stanley.
 It's all yours.
 Thank you.
 Thanks for the presentation.
 A few questions left from my side.
 Actually, I'll take them one at a time if that's okay.
 So the first is around the stock markets.
 We've seen Asian countries, especially China and more recently Malaysia,
 to restrict or have already restricted low-grade scrap imports and hence demand for high-grade
 material has increased, as seen by the narrowing scrub discounts for cover grade number two.
 Are you seeing a bifurcation of the corporate scrap market where you may be losing out
 Give competition on the high grade, part of the market, but you are benefitted from the
 low-grade material that is more abundant in Europe and the U.S.
 and you see these overall developments as a tailwind for fiscal year 22 relative to
 last year and I'll stop here for the first one.
 Yeah, yeah, that's, uh, Roland speaking.
 Those correct markers, you're right.
 But you have to take into account the last calendar year.
 We had some exceptional situation of the scrap market where supplies to Asia were at an extremely low level.
 This is now to what we see normalized, and we have also regarding RCs, what CAU number
 I quoted in my short presentation, and you see the CRU numbers are on there.
 I would say...
 on a known level. This is not a surprise level and this is an attractive level for us.
 So, therefore, put in perspective that last year we were benefiting by very, very high
 I'll see you.
 for a stupidity bar for strip number two.
 And again, at Rubens, we have the capabilities in our company to process all kinds of scraps
 from low metal content, low organic to high metal and high organic, so the full range,
 So therefore, we can always optimize our input mix to the best and therefore, we see that
 Asia is more active on the purchasing market but also within a reasonable range and we
 as we stated also, do supply our plants with the right quality and the right mix at good
 Okay, thank you.
 The second question is around cupcakes.
 I think you've guided to more than 400 million years for this year, but I was looking at
 system to unrun rate, it was pretty low.
 Can you talk about the sequencing for the next few quarters days?
 Thank you.
 So sequencing, I wouldn't see that lower.
 some billion in the first quarter if I'm not mistaken we will have let's say now with
 the upcoming project it will accelerate. We will guess that by the end of the year we
 achieved the 400 million, this is still considered a right figure here.
 Okay, great and one last question for me and apologies if you have already commented on that but going back to energy costs
 could you give us an indication on your assumption for energy cost inflation year-over-year that
 to your revised fair guidance.
 Hello?
 No, we don't give, you know, again, as we stated already, given the different countries,
 different dynamics and the different energy sources and how electricity is produced in
 different countries. There is not this one number how we are assuming going forward the
 energy price increases.
 And on top, as I already explained, we have this compensation mechanism for CO2 costs,
 a very important cost driver in the electricity production.
 This is also different by country, so there is not, I have to apologize, but there is
 not this one number that can explain what the energy prices are, what the function we
 we have in our energy price calculations going forward.
 And still some uncertainty to us here.
 There is some uncertainty, but again please bear in mind we are talking about the cost
 factor of 16% or 15% of the overall cost of our OBS, and therefore, thereof, two-thirds
 are hedged, and that's rose two for pretty much the roses still here.
 So it's one-third out of this, what do we see, 15%, which then is exposed to full prices
 as you see in the markets.
 Yeah.
 One aspect on the product side, unfortunately not for COPPA, but we have increased our COPPA
 premium for market demand but you could also argue there's a bit of a cost
 components in the in the premium that we are asking in the market and we have
 really ask our customer base for wire rod and for shapes for a participation in
 the energy cost increase. So that's also in the premium that we get additional to our
 And we have factored in the energy cost that we see currently in December, January, we
 affected that into our forecast going forward.
 Thank you.
 There are no further questions.
 And with this, I hand it back to you as quickly as I can.
 Thank you.
 Finally, I would like to draw your attention again to our next event, our Virtual Annual
 general meeting on February 17th, which you can follow via
 Our next conference call on the location of the Publication of the House, you report,
 will take place on May 10th.
 We will be happy to welcome you again on the set.
 We say thank you and have a nice day.