 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Alubis HE conference call.
 on the occasion of the publication of the quarterly report
 First three months, 2021-22.
 At this time, all participants have been placed on a listen-only mode.
 The floor will be open for your questions following the presentation.
 Now I hand over to Elke Brinkman.
 Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to our first quarter conference call.
 With us today are our CEO Roland Haring and our CFO Reiner Verhoeven.
 They will share some highlights of our strong Q1 results and will explain the quarter financials.
 After this, we have time for Q&A. With that, I hand over to Roland Haring.
 Yes, thanks.
 Elke, good afternoon from my side.
 Pleasure to be here with you talking about the Q1 results.
 you with the best results in the company history in December,
 I'm pleased to present today to you the best Q1 quarter results ever.
 Based on this performance, we took the decision to raise our forecast also for the full year
 2021-22.
 A strong ongoing demand for all Arubis products and a good supply situation for copper concentrates
 and for most recycling materials have caused us to raise the forecast already after the
 first three months.
 As already announced in the ad-hoc release, the operating EBT of Q1 amounted to 152 million euros, 85% above the quarter of the previous year.
 the corresponding
 RoCE of 16.6% underlines the strong development compared to Q1 2021, where RoCE stood at 9.6%.
 Although net cash flow is negative at minus 85 million euros due to higher inventories and receivables,
 It is clearly better than the first quarter of last year, mainly due to the very good
 Q1 results.
 As energy intensive companies, we are exposed to rising electricity and gas prices,
 Yet, we have measures in place to actively counteract this, and we will come to this
 in more detail later.
 On this slide, you can see a quick overview of our key operating year-to-day figures.
 Revenues increased by 27%, driven by significantly higher industrial metal prices, higher sales
 of copper products and higher
 by sulfuric asset revenues.
 increased by 22% due to very strong market conditions and a solid performance.
 We'll come to the details of our earnings drivers in a minute.
 Despite certain cost increases, we achieved an 85% increase in our operating EBT overall
 we'll just wrap it up.
 compared to last year.
 And, again, last but not least, our ROCE at 16.6 exceeds our target figure of 15%.
 Let's dive into last quarter's market conditions.
 The copper price remains at a level of around $9,700 per tonne, well above Q1 of the past fiscal year.
 The other industrial metals, such as in, lead and zinc, equally showed a very positive market development.
 Let's have a quick look at the concentrate markets.
 Karubis saw a good supply situation during the course of Q1 and was able to fully supply
 the primary production sites with a good mix of input materials.
 The international market for copper concentrates saw the new benchmark for clean concentrates being set at 65 US dollars per tonne and 6.5 cents per pound in December 21.
 This corresponds to an increase of 9% year-over-year.
 The benchmark increase is well supported by expectations of strong, strong mine output over the course of the year.
 The latest update of Wood-McKinsey shows an unexpected, sorry, an expected increase
 of mine output by around 7% in 22 year-over-year.
 Short-term levels for copper concentrates showed no major movements during the reporting
 period, and that remains
 around benchmark levels.
 One important point to mention, the Chinese smelter purchase team has set the buying floor for this quarter, Q1 of the calendar year,
 at $70 USD per ton and $0.07 per pound above benchmark levels,
 indicating the positive momentum on the concentrate market.
 As we always say in this call, Arubis is well supplied with concentrate beyond the action
 period, and this is in line with our long-term supply strategy and long-term contracts.
 Moving now to the recycling markets. During Q1 of the current fiftieth year, we saw sufficient availability of copper strap, blister copper and other complex recycling materials on a global sourcing basis.
 Arubis benefited in the first quarter from good RCs for complex recycling materials as well as good RCs for proper scrap for smelting from purchased inventory materials.
 the availability of copper strap number 2
 Curing 2.1 was sufficient but below previous years
 Consequently, RCs remain at lower levels than the previous year.
 PRU estimates the average RC of scrap number 2 at around 275 euros per tonne in Europe.
 The waitability of complex recycling materials remains more stable during the first quarter,
 RCs at stable levels versus premiums here.
 Looking forward, our production sites are already significantly supplied with material
 well into the second quarter
 of this current fiscal year
 21, 22.
 Coming to the market of Sufuri assets,
 The sulfuric market showed strong ongoing demand combined with its acute temporary supply situation in the last quarter.
 This resulted into higher prices for assets.
 The strong market performance
 Coincident with a very good throughput and strong asset production at Arubis.
 Additional capacities of assets were sold at currently very fatal spot market terms.
 ICIS reported new Q4 contracts for NW Europe at 205 to 240 euros FOB.
 It remains that global markets are tight, and we expect that this situation will continue to stay well into the first half of 2022.
 The current outlook for this fiscal year remains very positive for sulfuric acid.
 Coming now to the ACP, the Arubus Copper Premium, for this year.
 We set the number for last calendar year at $96 USD per tonne, reflecting the stable demand throughout the year 2020.
 For 2022, for this calendar year, we have increased the number to $123 USD per tonne.
 This is due to the strong demand and continued high
 take off
 follow-up
 products in Europe.
 Also, the spot premium levels in both Europe and Asia
 stays constant during the reporting period, indicating and underlining that there is a
 strong demand for refined copper globally.
 The last point here is the U.S. dollar and as you know we have a long
 composition of approximately $500 million in fifth year 2021-2022, and within the scope
 of our hatching strategy, we have
 for this fiscal year
 hatched 70% at a rate of 1.147
 and as hatched
 34% at a rate of
 1.159 for the
 coming to you. Talking about
 energy which has been
 addressed in various discussions that we had already.
 Here we want to share some of the data.
 how we see energy in the total context of our cost.
 What is clear, inflation, the topic of inflation, is being broadly discussed at this moment.
 Arubis is also facing some cost increases, however, mainly arising from the current energy
 program.
 prices and the peaks of these prices on the energy market.
 The good news is, today all other cost components at crude level stayed rather stable quarter
 over quarter, and the cost reduction measures that we have taken show effects.
 And specifically, the effects from the PIP program continue to contribute to significant
 cost reduction, hence also positively affecting and benefiting to the bottom line.
 In the current fiscal year, 2021-2022, we expect the cost savings of about 90 million
 euros arising only from the PIP program.
 All in all, the very positive developments on the earnings drivers market could more
 and compensate for the energy cost inflation we were facing during quarter one of the current
 is good yet. Now having talked about the
 overall cost situation, let's stick a bit more into the energy cost of the Arubis Group.
 into one
 of this fiscal year, we saw a significant price increase for energy prices
 quarter-over-quarter.
 mainly driven by higher prices for coal and CO2,
 resulting in increased electricity prices and also natural gas, which also increased considerably.
 In order to provide you a more detailed overview of the real energy cost on group level,
 we have reduced our energy costs by the received compensation for the first time.
 For example, indirect CO2 electricity compensation and state refunds in this overview.
 Our goal with this is to provide the financial market a better insight in the actual cost
 exposure to energy markets of Arubes.
 Current high energy costs remain a cost inflation factor for the current fiscal year,
 despite our high hedging rate of two-thirds of the energy consumption.
 However, the very positive earnings side more than compensates for the current energy cost inflation.
 To summarize, energy prices, so electricity and other energy components, remain a very relevant topic for Arubis.
 The risks and opportunities from energy markets, however, are effectively mitigated with energy
 efficiency as well as
 patching measures.
 And with this, I would like to hand over to Rainer with more of you guys.
 Thanks Roland and good afternoon
 from my side. Let's have a look
 at the financial KPIs or whose key performance indicators
 continue to show a very stable and robust picture.
 ROCE improved to 16.6% as a result of the very good earnings situation.
 the equity ratio of 49%
 and the depth coverage ratio remains very strong.
 Net cash flow was with minus 85 million, better than expected.
 In the first quarter, due to the inventory build-up,
 But please bear in mind that we had last year an extraordinary high cash flow towards the
 end of the last financial year.
 All in all, this good financial position provides significant room for the implementation of
 our strategy.
 Going to the segmentation, as a reminder, since October 1st, 2021, we are reporting in two revised segments.
 Our new segments are now
 multi-metal recycling on the one hand and custom smelting and products on the other.
 The focus of our business lies on securing the most profitable input materials for our smelter network.
 Therefore, we have decided to separate our reporting segments along the main input material
 streams.
 Segment Multi-Metal Recycling comprises the four secondary smelters of the group.
 Our new project, the Multimetal Recycling Facility in the U.S., will be part of this segment as well.
 With our long-standing and very successful plants in Germany, Bergman, Spain, the segment
 might
 and recycling offers a wide range
 of recycling services to our customers
 and covers most of the metals that form the basis for all kinds of industrial applications.
 Another equally important filler in our segmentation is the segment Customs Melting and Products.
 Here, we report about our integrated flash matches in Hamburg and theater, which we operate
 with concentrates as the main input materials.
 The copper ores originates from mines all over the world.
 Based on the input material as well as the related production equipment, there is a clear
 differentiation from our recycling business.
 In this segment, we also report on the product business, the copper wire rod produced in
 our rock plants, the shape business with copper cakes and pinnets, as well as the flat road
 business are reported in the segment.
 So the products included in this segment are sulfuric acid, all iron silicate products,
 and our precious metals, stated in December, we are convinced that this new segmentation
 gives you a more transparent and balanced view
 of our business, reflect
 our updated strategy appropriately
 and will create a better understanding
 of our future growth path.
 Let me highlight some financial and production figures from the MMR segment.
 The operating EBT was at 77 million and thus 64% above the previous year's figures.
 Good operating performance, significantly higher refining charges for recycling materials, and high metal gains,
 led to this extraordinary result.
 Especially the price increases for the industrial metals, tin, zinc, nickel, and copper.
 in particular
 has strong positive effects here.
 with an outstanding ROCE
 of 38.9%
 the target level of 15% was more than doubled in this first quarter 2021-2022.
 The consumption of recycling materials and the cattle production increased due to the
 strong operative performance of the plant.
 The input of copper scrap and blister copper was slightly reduced compared to Q1 last year.
 Have a look at CSP.
 in the CSP segment
 the operating EBT increased significantly by 83% to 88 million as compared to last year.
 The very strong performance of the smelters in Hamburg and Peerdoch led to higher concentrate
 throughputs and thus higher sulfuric acid production.
 The High Demand of our Forex Asset Markets
 combined with a low supply led to another considerable price increase, which had a very
 positive effect on the results.
 The high prices of industrial metals led to higher metal gains in this segment as well.
 The ROC was at 9.5% at the end of this first quarter.
 On the product side, demand was stable at a high level for rods and shapes even increased
 further as compared to P1 last year.
 to you.
 Higher energy prices had a slightly negative impact in both segments.
 Let's move to the outlook for our earnings drivers, starting with the concentrates markets.
 The expected concentrate production rates from both CRU and WODMEG show a significant increase of production volumes.
 Woodmex expects global mine production to increase in calendar year 2022 by 7% while additional
 So its melting capacity is expected to grow at only 2%.
 In summary, Wootmec expects the additional supply to keep up with the rising demand and
 threshold results
 in a well-balanced global custom smelter concentrate market.
 I hope it was able to fully supply production plants with concentrates throughout Q1-21-22
 Based on our expected stock levels, our smertes are already well supplied beyond the end of
 due to this financial here.
 Moving on to the scrap RCs, our core markets, Europe and the U.S., have seen a normalization of RC levels from record highs during last fiscal year.
 Availability of input materials for copper scrap for smelting was sufficient during
 time.
 and we expect a sufficient supply situation
 for the rest of the financial year 21-22.
 CRU estimates an average of around 275 EUR per tonne for scrap number 2 during the reporting period, with a first expected price increase in January 2022.
 The availability of complex recycling materials like shredder materials, PCBs, residues, slacks and ashes was more stable than the availability of scrap number 2.
 Accordingly, the RCs for complex recycling stayed at beneficial level for Arubis.
 We foresee a stable market with good RSEs as these markets are less volatile and our
 market.
 contracts are based on longer terms.
 Our production plants are well supplied with recycling materials at good refining charges until the end of Q2-21-22.
 On the sulfuric acid side, the positive momentum in the global spot pricing for sulfuric acid
 keeps going or kept going during Q1
 20...
 ICIS foresees an ongoing strong demand in our core markets in Europe as well as overseas
 with limited availability in the markets.
 This positive trend is expected to continue to the second half of the calendar year 2022.
 Longer-term contracts are expected to be closed with an increase in price levels.
 All in all, a very positive outlook for the asset market for Rupes during this fiscal
 year.
 As briefly mentioned before, on the COCO premium site for calendar year 22, this has been set
 $123
 dollars, which reflects
 the positive demand for refined
 copper with a tighter market expectation.
 Coming to our copper products, rod shapes and FRP, we see strong ongoing demand for all
 our copper products and expects positive contributions from the product business.
 We saw ongoing demand from all customer segments during Q1, with a trend expected to continue
 in the old FISC-021-22.
 Both product demand for rot and demand for shakes remain at high levels, and we expect this trend to continue during the fiscal year.
 Also, FRP is doing fine.
 Our Stolbeck plant should be back to full production by the end of Q3 of our first video.
 With a very positive preliminary figure for Q1, we informed the capital markets on January
 about the increase in our forecast range for 2021-2022.
 Based on the latest assumptions, we now expect an operating EBT between 400 and 500 million, up from 320 to 380.
 and an operating ROCE of 15% to 19%, previously 12% to 16%.
 Accordingly, we updated the forecast range for the multi-metall recycling segment.
 We expect an operating EBT between 190 and 250 million, up from 140 to 200, and an operating
 ROCE between
 22% and 26%
 previously 16 and 20.
 For the custom smelting and product segment, we now expect an operating EBT between 200
 80 and 340 million, up from 210 to 270, and an operating ROCE between 14 and 80 percent.
 Last but least, I'd like to inform you about the renewal of our syndicated credit facility.
 At the beginning of February 2022,
 Arubis signed a new 350 million syndicated credit facility with the option of increasing
 by up to 150 million.
 The new credit facility has a term of five years
 and can be extended twice by one year.
 The purpose of the credit facility is general company financing, particularly as a reserve for potential liquidity fluctuations.
 With this facility, Aruvis is prematurely replacing the syndicated facility that had a term until 2023.
 This new financing instrument is linked to the rating of EcoVardis, so our sustainability
 rating currently are who is
 hold the platinum status with
 73 out of 100 points
 and thus belongs to the top 1% of companies in the global non-ferrous metals industry.
 The ESG-linked syndicated loan emphasizes that sustainability continues to extend into financing structures at Ahovis.
 As the most sustainable SMERTA network worldwide, we connect our financing conditions to our strategic business activities.
 In June 2020, Aurovis was the first company in this industrial sector to successfully
 replace a Schulzlein loan of $400 million with a sustainability component.
 The current ESG-linked syndicated credit facility is a confirmation of our ambition to
 to expanding our industry leadership in sustainability.
 that, and back to Rolex.
 Okay, thanks, Rainer.
 So, coming to the last slide now, talking about the dividends, and as a result of a
 a very successful fiscal year 2021.
 we would like our shareholders to share in our success in the appropriate form.
 Therefore, in line with our dividend policy, the Executive and the Supervisory Board are recommending a dividend of €1.60 to the shareholders at the annual general meeting on February 17th, so in the next week already.
 This would lead to a dividend yield of 2.5% based on the closing price of €65.38 on September 30th of the year 21.
 This corresponds then to a dividend payout ratio of 26% of the group's operating results.
 And with this, I think after presenting our results with a, let's say, in a very good
 market environment.
 Delivered very good results.
 I will hand back to Elker for the Q&As.
 Thanks for your attention.
 Yes, thank you Roland.
 With this we start the Q&A session and I ask the operator to read the line for the first
 Yes, thank you very much.
 So, we have first a questioner in the line, and it is Tindar Goel from XMBNP Paribas.
 The floor is yours.
 Thank you, Professor. Good afternoon.
 A good couple of questions.
 First one, back to your guidance, the company got forced to raise guidance within six weeks
 of establishing it for second time in a row we appreciate the new divisional disclosure
 but do you think it's still an easy to forecast business or how would you recommend modeling
 this business or is there a steady state ebt number that you can put on this business without
 including any growth optionalities that you are pursuing if you input all mid
 cycle inputs where would your EBT be for the current business as it stands
 Yeah, thanks for the question,
 Herr Timler-Reiner here.
 So we had a new normal couple of capital markets days ago, which was at 300.
 so now we
 with the acquisition of Metallo
 of course it will be a bit higher
 Nonetheless, with the asset prices, which were unpredictable, and let's say the surge
 in metal in pretty much all industrial metal prices.
 if you look at
 which let's say more than double here over here
 That is something that we couldn't forecast, that we couldn't put into our guidance before.
 we now see clearer
 and therefore we had to adjust our guidance.
 that's why we have to
 that's an extraordinary situation
 driven by the metal prices here and by the asset, though we also had a good operating
 performance of our plants which is also quite important topic which then all in
 very much overcompensated the negative impact
 from the energy.
 or if you could provide depreciation split that will be helpful as well
 I mean, you see on the ROCE levels that we are running quite different capital employed in the different segments.
 And therefore, you see this also extraordinary high ROCE in the MMR segment, which has to do with much lower, or let's say, half the capital employed.
 That is not only from the fixed assets, but it's of course also from the networking capital
 because all the product business is in the CSP segment.
 So, therefore, you can in principle say it's always double the capital employed in the
 CSP compared to the NMR.
 But the gross profit of these businesses
 is aligned with the EBIT that you reported for these two as well?
 Yes, absolutely.
 Thank you.
 At the moment there are no further questions, so please press 9 and star to register for questions.
 And next up is Sebastian Zinagelitz from Deutsche Bank.
 Over to you.
 Thank you.
 good afternoon and thanks for taking my question
 as well here
 I have a few ones, maybe first of all on sulfuric asset, where you seem to be getting a decent
 tailwind already in the fourth quarter.
 I have to say I mentally park that always as an annual pricing mechanism with annual contracts.
 Could you maybe let us know whether there has been anything which changed in the contract structure,
 or whether you're busy just seeing the price volatility
 So if we were to get it a bit more quickly here now.
 Yeah, Roland speaking here.
 Thanks for your question.
 So Frank, as it grabs one point
 and you see this in our documentation,
 We had a very strong production in the first quarter of our fiscal year, which leads to
 more spot opportunities.
 So there are two things that came together, extra tonnage and a very, I'd say, very high demand from the market side.
 So this helps to improve the prices.
 we haven't changed overall our policy
 that a certain baseload of long-term contracts
 is being taken year over year with our, let's say,
 specifically with our customers served from the Hamburg plant.
 we also said in the last
 calls, we have a higher ratio of spot business there, but overall, as we showed with the
 official available numbers.
 So,
 for asset market
 has been characterized by strong demand
 with very good pricing.
 Thanks for the color. Just to follow up briefly, could you maybe give us the split roughly between annual and sport?
 basically just to get a sense for the annual
 and you'll share
 because I guess with the price volatility we're currently seeing,
 There's definitely a very big price step up coming in the course of the first calendar quarter.
 Yeah, if you take as a guidance, 80% long-term, 20% spot.
 However, again, we lock in contracts at a conservative production level.
 so if we have a very strong production
 like we saw in the first quarter, then the spot ratio goes per rata slightly up.
 But in our planning, we assume these 80-20 rules.
 Okay, excellent. That's a good comment. Thanks for that.
 Then just moving on to think, where I saw that the volume of the central field throughput
 which has basically never been as high as they were this quarter.
 I think they were up even by 50% over the fourth quarter.
 of course this is probably also due to
 But is there any other extraordinary in there where you may be sold off inventory or is this basically just the new normal because of the additional metallurgical capabilities which you're onboarded with your metallo deal?
 Yeah, I think we need to differentiate the concentrate throughput, and if we refer to
 this number, we had a very strong Q1 in our fiscal year over year, with 12% more concentrate
 throughput which
 reached a level of 600
 79,000 tons, which is truly a very strong water, but this concentrate throughput is disconnected
 from the addition of Delta and Verango to our portfolio.
 This is really the recycling system and here, as we announced with the integration of the
 two plans.
 We have achieved now recycling material throughput around 1 million tons or exceeded already 1 million tons last year in total.
 But again, concentrate is really the two plants, Hamburg and Bulgaria,
 And then we have the recycling network, which are the other plants.
 Okay, good.
 things like that
 Then just one last question, if I may, on MLG costs as well.
 I was just wondering, in terms of the timeline, which you have here for the CO2 certificates,
 which you're getting a compensation for.
 for. If I work it out
 I think you're receiving, I think a payback
 or roughly, I think, 40 euros per tonne.
 So is it fair to say that there is now less than a 12-month time lag on this?
 and then also maybe
 Cree can give us the mark-to-market number of the 62 million energy cost.
 If you look at the position, maybe how would it look like at current spot conditions.
 So, to the compensation, we have, as we discussed also in this call, we are eligible for the CO2 compensation in the framework of the ETS.
 And here we receive different ratios in the countries, depending on their energy mix.
 So it's not easy to make a direct one-to-one comparison here.
 And this eligibility is now decided until 2030, so for the actual trading periods of the ETS.
 this to make a real comparison
 or to give you a real number
 well, what's the impact of energy cost or electricity cost increases,
 which is also highly driven by the CO2 cost increases,
 we decided to put this compensation mechanism into our energy cost.
 So that's really the net cost, the energy cost, that we see bottom line.
 There is one point, you're right, there is a certain, let's say, time lag in how the compensation, the indirect CO2 compensation is being paid to us.
 So this is something which, again, makes it not a very simple equation
 Okay, and the time lag, I mean, is this brought here, or is it even much longer than that?
 Because I basically just took the delta between the number you're not showing versus the number you've been showing for the same quarter a year ago.
 I think that's roughly 10 million or so.
 And then I just worked it backwards with the quarterly Scope 2 emissions of like 250,000.
 that helped me to apply 40 euros per ton of CO2.
 And I just looked at the CO2 chart and thought that means that it has to be less than a year time, Nick.
 Yeah, the time lag for this indirect compensation is two years.
 And this compensation that we receive in the actual period, the money that we receive as compensation, is taken into account in the energy cost that we show.
 which means we have a
 Let's say you will get a higher compensation for this fiscal year, but just in two years' time,
 and we show it then, really, in the two-year time period only.
 So this is the timing, the way how we have put this into our equation here.
 So we really show the net cost of what is really hitting our P&L.
 Okay, okay.
 and then if we were to mark
 mark-to-market the 62 million number to today's conditions, how would that look like?
 Yeah, but that's a bit different or difficult question, Bastian, because it is electricity, it's natural gas, it's other fuels, it's a mixture of different prices, of electricity prices, gas prices, and so forth in different legislations.
 so therefore
 There is not only one figure that we can mention here.
 And also perhaps one additional point, this compensation is a payout.
 So we are not receiving any certificates or anything which is on the accounts.
 So it's really calculated after they were paid out and calculated two years after the calendar year is really over.
 and then we get a straight payment
 So there is no certificates or no rights or anything issued.
 So, therefore, there is also not a mark-to-market evaluation there.
 I was really just more referring to just the overall energy bill.
 you'll see, I think in the last quarter,
 I feel it was good.
 We usually have roughly two thirds of that hatched,
 And I guess these catches are rolling.
 maybe you are not hatching any longer
 as much current energy prices
 because maybe they're high
 but I was just
 looking to understand
 I'll see how the 62 million number moves
 basically when we're
 moving closer to
 what the current
 conditions are
 or without obviously
 like getting to
 and penny
 just to get
 like a broad sense
 but I understand
 It's obviously like a complex exercise, but I'm still sure you've been looking into this.
 important just to underline that
 we as eligible
 company, we are being
 mostly compensated
 for the CO2 cost increase in the electricity production.
 and this will last, which means
 today we see CO2 certificate prices of, say, about 90 euros per ton,
 which means we are not getting
 this compensation
 and actually in this fiscal year
 and not to the P&L, but we will get it in two years' time.
 So, and I think it's important that our energy bill and the electricity bill is kind of disconnected from the CO2 price increase or certificate price increases, but again with this time lag of about two years.
 Yeah, and overall it's
 Please bear in mind that energy cost in total is 14 or 15 or is it today's 15% or whatever.
 so it is not that much
 And this factor then moves up by one-third due to spot market conditions.
 And that reflects here in the 62 million that you see.
 Okay, thank you. That is helpful.
 And next up is Christian Olds from Body Bank. Over to you.
 Thank you. Good afternoon. So, I have three questions. One is also on the cost side. You are looking for additional employees. As I have seen, can you give us some kind of your expectation about personal cost increase going forward?
 So new personnel on coming in and also the inflation issues there.
 the second one is
 on battery recycling, where you stand currently, what is the timetable and what is the main
 question mark for you because before you
 you decide to invest
 into some kind of a bigger plant there.
 and the last one
 or a strategic one, or what are the main, remind us, what are the main investments in
 Europe when it comes to
 capacity and
 renewables, something like
 that and what
 what kind of amount of strap
 Are you targeting to get a throughput when you have all these investments done?
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Mr. Roland, speaking here.
 So to your first question regarding increase in headcount, the people we are hiring.
 So there are two areas.
 we are strengthening our IT, or in the widest sense, our digital department, and also our
 a group engineering organization in line with our strategy.
 We are strengthening this engineering group in order to focus and deliver on the investments that we have planned for the coming years.
 And the total cost increase that we see, if everybody is on board, which we are doing
 as we speak, the total cost increase will be in a magnitude of 10 million euros, plus
 minus, depending on what we find.
 So, since you translated, it's about, let's say, 80 to 100 people in this range, depending
 on where we place them
 because we have options to bring people
 into different sites of Arubis
 like Sofia, Pirolob, Spain, Belgium, or also in Germany.
 So that's the number regarding increase.
 And your question regarding battery cycling, the status is that we are building up our pilot plant.
 it's more demo plants
 It's quite an impressive setup that we are finally installing these days, and we will
 We'll go into this demo production in March.
 That's when we're going to start.
 And we will see, hopefully, the full confirmation
 of what we have developed in the lab pilot scale.
 in early summer timeframe.
 And in parallel, we are investigating or we are working
 on the feasibility to go the next step
 in order to see what the recycling,
 what this investment in battery recycling, black mass recycling, would look like in an
 Do you still have some kind of a partner there?
 Or looking for a partner?
 We are in
 And if you see there,
 There is an amazing dynamic in this market, and there is not a day without a press release
 for any use, and
 I'm not in a position to disclose
 with whom we are discussing what, but we are, let's say, in the midst of the discussion with OEMs, battery producers,
 and all the companies who are setting up
 or thinking about setting up collection schemes
 and dismantling schemes for
 used batteries coming from
 the vehicle's end of life.
 Okay.
 But I think you have a scent.
 I cannot prop here names in the one question that we have.
 Not yet.
 and the last question
 was on
 the main
 invest and the scrap
 targets, so
 Scrap Target, as announced, we want to go to 50% recycling quota by the year 2030.
 That is far from easy.
 It sounds easy, as we already have achieved quite a lot, but please bear in mind that
 one of the Richmond recycling modules
 adds only 90,000 tons of recycling materials while we are currently using some 2.3, 2.4
 million tons to the maximum concentrate on the primary side.
 So, it's very difficult to step up the ladder on the recycling part here.
 as you know
 and that already has been announced, we are
 looking for
 let's say further recycling
 modules. We say it's a modular
 concept. We want to roll it out further if we see that it's working fine and it's working well.
 But this would add an increment of that same amount of, let's say, 90,000 tons of recycling material.
 What are the main invests?
 We have been talking about the Richmond project, of course.
 we've been talking about
 processing
 So our ASPA project here we have been talking about the industrial heat that are projects
 which are announced already
 and then we have further
 projects in the pipeline
 and midterm, which are approximately to the same extent,
 mainly focusing on our capabilities of, let's say, further multi-metal processing.
 So it's about the nickel processing capabilities of AURUVIS here in Europe.
 Of course, further recycling modules, and for sure, as Roland has already mentioned, once
 we are ready with the pilot
 hopefully it will work out fine
 and for sure we don't do that
 just to keep us busy here,
 So we want to build that on an industrial scale as soon as possible.
 All right, thank you.
 Then I have one last question.
 Given the current high inflation in the US, how high do you see the risk that you have to invest more to erect a plant there in the US?
 Are you still in the process of some kind of recalculation given the fact that we have
 10% personal cost increases, material price increases, and so on and so forth?
 Yeah. We announced the investment in Richmond on November the 10th, and shortly after, we also published the signing, the signature of a contract with our main equipment supplier, S&S.
 And this is a fixed price contract.
 So, for the, let's say, the equipment, more or less the whole equipment, we have already locked in the pricing at fixed terms during the execution.
 And we have also, in our business case, taken very, I would say, conservative, high assumptions
 for steel and building materials.
 And today, we see that steel prices, also in the U.S., despite inflation, are not going up, but rather, compared to what we took in our assumption, are even, say, from a trend a bit softer.
 So, we believe we have made here, we put enough security in our business plan and also in contracting
 already the services so that we will not see any deviation from our plan figure which means
 we will build this plant at a capex of max 300 million euros.
 Okay. Thank you very much.
 At the moment there are no further questions, so please press 9 and star if you would like
 to ask a question.
 we have a question coming from
 Iannis Masoulas from Morgan Stanley.
 The floor is yours.
 Hello.
 Good afternoon, and thanks for the presentation.
 A few questions left from my side.
 three
 you know
 take them
 one at a
 time
 you're such a
 Okay.
 so the first
 This is around the scrap markets.
 we've seen
 Asian
 countries, especially the
 China and more recently Malaysia
 looking to restrict
 um
 have
 already restricted low-grade scrap imports and hence demand for high-grade material has increased
 as seen by the narrowing scrap discounts for cover grade number two.
 are you seeing a
 bifurcation of the copper scrap market
 where you may be
 losing out
 do you have
 competition on the high-grade part of the market, but you are
 benefited from the low-grade material that is more abundant in Europe and the U.S.
 And do you see these overall developments of tailwind for fiscal year 22 relative to last year?
 and I'll stop here for the first one.
 Yeah, Yanis, Roland speaking.
 No, scrap markets, you're right, but you have to take into account that last calendar year
 We had some exceptional situation of the scrap market where supplies to Asia were at an extremely low level.
 This is now, to what we see, normalized.
 And we have also regarding RCs, what CIU number I quoted in my short presentation.
 and you see the CRU numbers are on a, I would say, on a known level.
 this is not a surprise letter
 and there's an attractive level for us.
 so therefore
 put it in perspective that last year
 we were benefiting by very, very high RCs, specifically for scrap number two.
 And again, Arubis, we have the capabilities in our company to process all kinds of scraps from low metal content, low organic to high metal and high organic.
 so the full range
 So, therefore, we can always optimize our input mix to the best, and therefore, we see
 that Asia is more active on the purchasing market, but also within a, let's say, a reasonable range.
 And we, as we stated also, do supply our plants with the right quality and the right mix at good pricing.
 Okay, thank you.
 The second question is around CAPEX.
 things you've guided to
 most of 400 million views for
 this year
 but I was looking at
 The fiscal Q&A run rate, it was pretty low.
 So, can you talk about the sequencing for the next few quarters, please?
 So sequencing, I wouldn't see that low.
 We had 50-some million in the first quarter, if I'm not mistaken.
 we will have
 let's say now with the upcoming
 project, it will accelerate.
 We will guess that by the end of the year we will achieve the 400 million.
 Still a considerable life-seeker here.
 Okay, great.
 and one last question
 from Ian
 and apologies if you have already commented on that,
 But going back to energy costs, could you give us an indication on your assumption for energy cost inflation year over year that is baked into your revised guidance?
 Hello?
 No, we don't give, you know, again, as we stated already,
 countries, the different dynamics
 and to different energy sources
 and how electricity is produced in different countries.
 there is not this one number
 how we are assuming going forward
 the energy price
 increases
 and on top, as I also
 explained we have this compensation
 mechanism for
 CO2 cost, which is today a very
 important cost
 driver in the electricity
 production.
 This is also
 different by country, so there is
 not, I have to apologize, but
 But there is not this one number that can explain what energy prices are, what assumption
 we have in our energy price
 calculations going forward.
 and still some uncertainty to adheres.
 there is some uncertainty
 but again please bear in mind
 we are talking about
 a cost factor of 16% or 15% of the overall cost of our UBIS,
 And therefore, thereof, two-thirds are hedged, and that holds true for pretty much the whole fiscal year.
 So, it's one-third out of this, what do we see, 15%, which then is exposed to full prices, as you see in the markets.
 Yeah.
 And there's also one aspect from the product side, unfortunately not for copper, but we
 have increased our pop-up premium
 for market demand, but you could also argue
 There's a bit of a, let's say, cost component in the premium that we're asking in the market.
 And we have really asked our customer base for wire rod and for shapes for participation in the energy cost increase.
 So that's also in the premium that we get additional to our pricing.
 And we have factored in the energy costs that we see currently in December, January.
 We have factored that into our forecast going forward.
 That's very clear.
 Thank you.
 There are no further questions.
 Thank you.
 And with this, I hand it back to Elke Klinkman.
 Thank you.
 Finally, I would like to draw your attention again to our next event, our virtual annual
 event.
 meeting on February 17th, which you can follow via webcast.
 our next conference call on the occasion
 of the publication of the half-year report
 will take place on May 10th.
 We would be happy to welcome you again and with that we say thank you and have a nice day.