 Thanks, Brent. Good morning, everyone. Turning this slide eight, our performance
 This quarter reflects strong execution.
 medical aesthetics, we're making significant investments
 to maximize our leadership position
 to stay in long-term growth and expand the market.
 the long-term prospects for this business are excellent.
 and I care for maintaining our leadership position
 despite competitive headwinds.
 In CNS, we're building a flagship product with very low r while maximizing value with
 Ms. Eric, in GI we're building IBS leadership
 with Lynne Zessin by Berzy,
 our international business is growing steadily,
 anchored by medical aesthetics and eye care.
 These are our priorities in a snapshot.
 Turning to slide nine.
 We drove strong growth across multiple areas of our business.
 Revenue is up 9% over the last quarter, including the addition of life cell and cool sculpting.
 Sales for eight out of our top product lines increase at double-digit rates in the second quarter and growth across the product portfolio
 than primarily by volume.
 In medical aesthetics, growth was led by Botox Cosmetic up 13%, and our Jupiter in collection
 in the fillers of 18% excluding FX.
 and ICARO Stasis continues to show durability with stable demand.
 offset by year-over-year trade buying patterns this quarter,
 which did not impact for states in the first quarter.
 We expect buying patterns to moderate to the remainder of the year and for a stasis to
 be add expectations for the full year, and collectively our new products, including
 Vrelar, Namzara, Kybella, Fiberzi, Zen, Rofaev contributed 108 million to net revenue growth
 compared to last year.
 The road was partially offset in the quarter by continued sales erosion for an amended
 XR.
 of exoscivity from ACE, called HD, and monastron, and lower axon cells that were negatively
 impacted by formulary coverage gaps and increased generic pressure in the category.
 Turning to slide 10, medical aesthetics is our largest and fastest growing business, as you know, and it's built on three pillars.
 Facial aesthetics, plastics, and regenerative medicine and body
 contouring. We're seeing strong momentum across our broad indeed portfolio. The
 The regenerative medicine products and cool scoping are strong and are at or above expectations.
 and facial aesthetics, we have strong performance
 our lead products. As I mentioned, Botox Cosmetic up 13% and our Juvenilum collection of fillers
 where we have launched several new products, including Volbela, Volor, and Volite, with
 up 18% and surpass a 50% U.S. market share, marking an all-time high.
 in Classics and Regenerative Medicine, sales are allergerm,
 our market leading a cellular thermal matrix
 for tissue support and breast reconstruction.
 were very strong and the launch of Inspire implants continues to exceed expectations.
 expectations.
 And in body conswaring, we're up to a strong start.
 sales for the quarter up 40% pro forma,
 excluding FX.
 Three takeaways here.
 First, the business is starting to accelerate following an increase in sales force effort
 and advertising.
 Second system placements are at an all-time high,
 and consumer demand is very strong.
 It's early, but the growth prospects for this business
 and the market are excellent.
 With Kaibel, we have a large group of trialists,
 but a small group of adopters.
 We're focused on education, training,
 in complementary co-position of Kybella and Kool-Middy.
 If that reduction market is still in the early innings,
 that if the market were committed to for the long term.
 Remember, it took the facial-injectable market five to seven years to develop.
 We're leveraging our existing commercial infrastructure
 to support Chi-Bella.
 Success and body contouring business will take time and result from market development
 and potentially new future indications
 for other parts of the body, including jails, where we're
 focus right now, as well as arms and knees.
 Turning to slide 11, we continue to see medical aesthetics as one of the fastest growth areas
 of our business and one of the best markets
 in all of healthcare.
 attitudes towards aesthetics or changing in new demographics,
 including millennials and males,
 are expanding rapidly.
 There are approximately 30 million people
 in the United States alone who are considering
 and aesthetic procedure in the next one to two years.
 We'd capture just a fraction of this potential market
 as you can see on the slide.
 Approx. 5% in facial aesthetics, 10% in classics and regenerative medicine, and 5% in body
 The main point here is that the long-term growth prospects for the market and their business
 are excellent.
 And this has and will continue to be a focus for Allergan.
 Turning to eye care in slide 12, in dry eye,
 where Stasis continues to demonstrate durability
 with stable demand and market share.
 The unit market share for restases is solid at approximately 80 percent, and the outlook
 to the second half is in line with expectations.
 Restasis multi-dose, which was launched several months ago
 with that approximately 10% of the total line,
 and should exit the year around 15% or higher,
 we expect we can continue to grow share throughout 2018.
 in Retina, Azadex has been a leading growth driver
 across our global portfolio of 15% XFX in the second quarter.
 the growth is balanced between U.S. and international markets
 with new patients coming primarily from anti-VEGF failures.
 and in glaucoma we're maintaining a strong position with this highly profitable product
 portfolio while continuing to deliver new treatments to the market is then gel
 is getting very positive reviews in the initial launch period.
 Turning to our launch products and CNS on slide 13,
 Demand for Railroad remains strong and above expectations.
 It continues to be the fastest growing atypical
 anti-psychotic on the market.
 and we see a long runway for very long.
 We expect future growth will be driven by expanding coverage
 and access.
 Long-term, we're looking to market expansion
 with potential new indications such as negative symptoms
 bipolar depression, and schizophrenia maintenance.
 With names and...
 Eric, the launch trajectory remains solid,
 and we're on track to exit the year at approximately 25%
 to 30% of the momentum franchise.
 We have formulary coverage through 2018,
 and we'll continue to drive utilization of NAMS-ERIC
 during that period.
 Turning to GI in slide 14, we continue our strong presence in IBS, of course, with Lundessen
 and this is back on its growth trajectory up 12% in the quarter with strong prescription
 demand of approximately 19% offset primarily by year-to-year trade buying patterns.
 catalysts to this business of the 72 microgram launch, promotional leadership, and widespread
 formulae covers.
 with viburgy prescription levels have stabilized since the FDA label update, which is a good sign.
 time.
 and primary care is relatively strong,
 but we have work to do in gastroenterology.
 Our promotional levels and formulary coverage
 where we need them to be.
 We expect the man for Viberzi to pick up
 in the second half of the year.
 Turning to slide 15, we saw another strong quarter from our international business would
 sales up 16% excluding FX.
 and international markets, we had operational growth
 with Asia Pacific and Middle East Africa up 20%,
 Latin America, Canada, up 16 percent and Europe 10 percent.
 China continues to be one of the fastest growing markets up 61% with others like Sweden, Spain,
 Brazil and Canada also showing strong growth. We continue to have a very positive outlook
 for our international business.
 Medical Aesthetics, Quotox Therapy,
 that can eye-care anchor our business internationally.
 We'll continue to focus on execution.
 We're halfway through the year and our balanced portfolio of high quality products positions
 us very well, both in the United States and internationally.
 Turn the call over David.
 actively promote over 20 products, and the large majority of them at this point for the
 quarter are at or above expectations.
 But there are three to say that needs to work right now.
 and that's Viberzi, Kyvella, and Axon.
 And so those generally offset some of the favorability
 from fx and xr, and that's how I think about it.
 So, and I think that's right, you know, if penetration rates in the category were 30,
 40 or 50 percent, you might think that growth rates over time would moderate, but they're
 not and we showed that on the slide here between let's call it five and ten percent the two
 The two biggest trends that we think are driving businesses,
 there's a millennial movement or a youth movement underway and there's an emerging male movement
 which will take time.
 given our leadership position,
 where it's 70 to 90% of that market,
 depending which product lines you look at,
 We're focused on one thing, building the market and expanding it.
 If we do that, we're going to be very successful.
 to answer your questions, Leop.
 most of the business we're talking about
 is balanced between patients who are customers
 that are satisfied with their aesthetic procedure,
 and then there's a large pool of new patients
 that are trying to proceed for the very first time,
 which is pretty characteristic of a market
 that's in growth mode.
 Yeah, maybe one last point, I would say, is a little...
 As it relates to the formulation, David, the IV, while an oral often can be preferred,
 If we can replicate in the phase 3 trials what we saw
 on the phase two trials.
 My sense right now is the healthcare system
 is completely equipped, whether it be through
 or home care centers to deal with an IV treatment for depression.
 I think that statement probably may not apply if it was 20 years ago.
 regular IV treatments and this only takes about a minute to do on a weekly basis for
 for people who have, you know, in this case, failed multiple antidepressants, and perhaps
 are suffering from suicidal thoughts and behaviors.
 That doesn't seem like it's going to be a big obstacle domain, so, you know, potential
 I don't really think trades on whether we have an oral formulation or not.
 I would just add, Mark, I think this market ultimately
 between long-acting agents and short-acting agents or chief agents.
 And when it comes to something that's long-acting,
 I think this part, if we show that 90% of people preserve vision and 30% get an improvement in vision.
 I don't think there's another long acting agent out there that's going to have a better
 profile than that in a, you know, in every four-month, even longer, longer period.
 I don't see the findings from any of the other companies impacting what our view of the potential
 of a busy part.
 but we have to, of course, watch it.
 on the international front, I would, what I would look at over the next several years
 over years in terms of growth drivers.
 I'll talk about two of the market products first,
 Botox and fillers.
 You know, internationally, those businesses in most regions of the country are up 20 to 30 percent.
 And as Brent said, the international market
 has a long way to go.
 it relates to as sex procedures and probably has even more headroom than the U.S. In I-Car
 There are fastest growing product is AudraDex across the board.
 And then in terms of new product launches, Zen, which is the glaucoma surgical procedure
 that we just introduced, probably the best IOP-lowering procedure on the market.
 And then I'd watch Ibisapar, of course, which we just talked about, and Bel Chira, which
 is...
 approved in over a dozen countries around the world.
 And that's how I think about the international piece.
 Yeah, Greg, on EZMEA, we're not going to have to add any infrastructure to support the launch of EZMEA.
 that we have coverage of obviously the OBGYN space
 or segment, primary care, and any institutions
 that we need to cover, and of course, the payer environment.
 So there's certainly leverage there.
 As it relates to bi-Bursey, the problem that we're focused on right now is retraining over
 or 500 gastroenterologists around the country
 to talk about the new label change
 and to put into proper context the benefit-risk profile
 At the same time, we're continuing to improve coverage for the product.
 I don't see that as being a...
 is a problem for us going forward.
 It's progressing along with expectations.
 And in terms of axon, you know, the distribution model there is in flux, as I mentioned, there
 There are formulary coverage gaps that we need to close given the generalization of the
 category. There are a lot of generic retinoids, generic anti-inflammatories, generic antibiotics
 that are being promoted is something we have to manage.
 With Axon, we've been successful moving from 5.0 to 7.5.
 In fact, we've converted 70% of the business over a relatively short period of time.
 We have an underlying demand problem
 that we're solving for because of the availability
 of a generic alternatives.
 I think it can be managed,
 but it's just gonna take a little bit of time.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, the only thing I'd add about Viberzi I think Brent's right is I don't believe it's something fundamental
 We're adding on a consistent basis, weekly, a lot of new writers.
 you know, by the time the year finishes,
 you know, we'll probably have 20 or 30,000 writers.
 The PCP part of the story looks good.
 And as I mentioned, during the first part of the call,
 new patient starts in gastroenterology over the past four weeks or up 10%, which I think
 is a good sign of a recovery.
 And as far as I could tell, this should be in good shape
 as we move through the second half of the year.
 As it relates to Botox migraine and how we're thinking about it relative to the CGRPs,
 You know, I think they're depending on which estimate you use, three to five million people
 that suffer from chronic migraine.
 And there's roughly as successful as we've been with Botox
 in migraine, there's under 200,000 receiving Botox treatment.
 So there's plenty of opportunity in this market for Botox to code this with the CGRPs, whether
 they're used sequentially or together, I think remains to be seen, of course, they haven't
 and studied together.
 I would just remind you, Chris, that when you look at the data
 on Botox and the treatment of chronic migraine,
 It's as good as anything that's been published by the CGRPs, which means it produces roughly
 a 50% reduction in headaches on a monthly basis
 and the responder rates, if you look at that kind of analysis,
 are also 50%. In terms of the benefit risk profile of Botox, it's probably as well understood
 as any product in the world.
 And then finally, it's the biggest bargain,
 as I've said many times in the past, effectively,
 five to seven dollars a day to kind of have you look at it.
 And so my sense is we can sustain growth for Botox
 through the launches of CGRPs,
 or maybe an interruption for a quarter or two.
 I think the bigger story about the market is that it's completely untreated
 And there's a lot of off-label use of products like opioids and TCA's and things like that.
 David, in terms of just the overall picture here,
 I would describe it as very stable and manageable at this point.
 at this point.
 I think Linzeth has a pretty commanding lead
 to the category relative to amethysa or true lens.
 I don't think that that's going to change our formulae
 coverage is as strong as it's ever been.
 I think we're managing price volume in a good way.
 But the average patient on Linzeth is paying $30 or $40 a month or a buck a day for Linzeth.
 our ASP is pretty stable on a quarterly or annual basis.
 and I don't see anything derailing the growth rate
 for this business over the next several years.
 We just want to set it to microgram, which I think was perfect timing given some of the
 competitive activity, I would say the most encouraging
 finding so far from that launch is that 80% of use for the 72
 microgram dose is coming from the over-the-counter market or from other businesses as opposed
 to the 145 microRAM and it's just a great product
 And gashers love it.
 and so the primary care physicians and, you know,
 We're going to continue to invest in it.
 We have a patent that extends well into the next decade.
 And our primary objective right now is volume and market share.
 a chair and that's how we're thinking about it.
 Yeah, I mean, it's early, as you pointed out, Ken,
 but it passed from our base out.
 We have 3,000 dermatologists in the United States
 that have used it.
 So far, the feedback that we've gotten is very positive.
 Formulary coverages developing, in fact,
 with just added to the formularity at Caramark.
 Some forms of direct-to-contumer advertising have just started.
 And in fact, this week, we're going to be
 We're advertising on Facebook, and then we'll, over the next several quarters, begin to
 ramp up other aspects of the consumer program and, you know, our aim is to produce them
 multi-hundred million dollar thermatology product.
 That's how we're thinking about it.
 And so far, it looks good, but it's all right.
 Yeah, Ronnie, I think you're right on the stage.
 We're very pleased at where we are.
 our market share and volume is exactly where we wanted it to be a year ago for modeling
 purposes are right.
 there's going to be some downward pressure on price competition
 for formulary coverage right now is high.
 I will tell you that, as I sit here right now, 2018 for Rastasis in Part D and commercial
 is going to look as it did in 2017.
 So not all, but some of the discounts that we're providing to obtain formulary coverage
 will be covered by improved volume or preserved volume in 2018.
 And as we both know, I think one of the things
 Shire did prove is that the category is underdeveloped and that there are more people being treated
 for dry today than it were a year ago.
 And while the category may not grow up,
 quite the same rate in 18 that it did through parts of 16 and 17.
 it's still gonna expand, and that's how I think about it.
 you know that 30 to 40 percent of our sales is coming from roughly a little bit more from
 migraine and that's the fastest growing part of the business. I don't have the
 right down in front of me, but we could follow up at some time.
 Yeah.
 On Dan's Eric, if XR loses exclusivity in 2018, I think as a base case, we keep whatever
 we've moved over to NAMS-ERIC.
 The one positive here is that over half of the sales
 and utilization for NAMS-ERIC today
 isn't coming from the men to XR, but it's coming from Aricep 5 and 10 milligrams.
 And that's a unique situation, and I don't want to overestimate what we can do with NAMS
 and 18 in the face of memantine XR,
 But we may be able to at least, at least maintain the business as I said and potentially show some increased sales in 18 given that situation.
 And I've always said, with these types of line extensions, it's a great product, but it's
 the line extension, you know, if you can get into that 30% to 50% range, right now we're
 creating at the lower end of it, you have a pretty good product.
 and I continue to think that about Ma'am Zarek,
 And as I said here today, and I've mentioned it on other calls, we have coverage.
 Four names are all the way through the end of 2018
 As it relates to saricycling, I think you're exactly right, Dave.
 That is a good analogy, which is it could be a row fade-like product.
 Theracycling.
 cycling could be a derofate analogy.
 It could be a multi-hundred million dollar dermatology
 product. You have retinoids and antibiotics and anti-inflammatories and it looks like the
 Powerability profile of this one looks pretty good and it's going to be an alternative to
 a . . .
 . .