 Greetings, and welcome to the new home company's third quarter 2020 results conference call.
 If this time all participants are in a listen-only mode, a question-and-answer session will
 follow the formal presentation, if any which would require operator assistance during the
 conference, please press star zero on your telephone keypad. As a reminder, this conference is being
 recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Drew McIntosh, Investor Relations
 for the new home company.
 Thank you, you may begin.
 Good morning, welcome to the new home company
 earnings conference call.
 Early today, the company releases financial results
 for the third quarter of 2020.
 Documents detailing these results are available
 the investor relations section of the company's website at nwhm.com.
 Before the call begins, I would like to remind everyone that certain statements made in the
 course of this call which are not historical facts or forward-looking statements that involve
 risk than uncertainty.
 A discussion of such risks and uncertainties and other important factors that could cause
 Actual operating results differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements
 Our dates detailed in the company's filings made with the SEC, including its most recent
 annual report on Form 10K, and in its quarterly reports on Form 10Q.
 The company undertakes no duty to update these four
 and statements that are made during the course of this call.
 traditionally
 Non-GAF financial measures may be discussed
 on this conference call.
 Reconciliations of these non-gap financial measures to the most comparable measures prepared
 in accordance with GAAP.
 in the access through the new company's website.
 and its filings with the SEC.
 Posting the call today is Larry Webb, Executive Chairman Leonard Miller, President and Chief
 Executive Officer and John Stevens, Chief Financial Officer.
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Larry.
 Thanks Drew and good morning to everyone joining us on the call today as we go over our results for the third quarter of
 2020, providing an update of our strategic outlook, and give some additional call around
 in our operations.
 The new home company made significant progress on a series of strategic initiatives and generated
 a profit in the third quarter of 2020.
 We experience healthy expansion through our home building gross margin while continuing
 to emphasize overhead costs continue.
 thanks to several operational improvements
 a very strong housing rebound.
 we generated two hundred and fifty one net new orders in the quarter
 representing a hundred and two percent increase as compared to last year, mainly as a result
 of a 75% improvement in our sales pace,
 which came in at 3.5 homes per community per month.
 Order activity improved as the quarter progressed, and we have seen demand trends stay above
 normal seasonal levels since the quarter ended.
 The new home market is benefiting from several positive factors, including record low interest
 rates.
 a scarcity of existing home inventory.
 and a noticeable shift in attitudes towards home ownership.
 Some of this shift can be attributed to the ongoing pandemic, which has made many Americans
 rethink how and where they live, given all the ways the virus is impacting our lives.
 but an equally important factor driving the move to home ownership has been the
 the emergence of the millennial age cohort as a buyer demographic.
 This sizeable age group was slower to enter the housing market relative to earlier generations
 due to a number of factors.
 but we are now seeing millennials make up an increasingly large share of the
 by your population.
 This demographic shift was occurring well before the pandemic started and we
 believe it will be a driving force for our industry well after the pandemic ends.
 While the positive fundamental backdrop for our industry has been a nice tailwind for our business
 business.
 We believe our strong order activity this quarter was also the result of our expansion
 to more affordable price points.
 Over the last few years, we have been transitioning much of our portfolio away from high ASP
 communities and into the more affordable segments of the market.
 The goal is to take our premium brand experience that is centered around industry leading customer service,
 best in class quality and innovative design and make it more accessible through efficient
 for plans and higher-density projects.
 This focus has served us well in recent quarters.
 And Doug tales nicely with the millennial demographic trends I just mentioned.
 activity in our newly opened affordable communities has outpaced our legacy higher-priced communities
 by a wide margin. And we are seeing better prices and margin trends at these lower price
 communities as well.
 This pricing power has been a key ingredient in making headway with one of our main initiatives for the year
 gross margin expansion.
 Over the past several quarters, our margins have been depressed due to our focus on generating
 cash.
 showing up the balance sheet
 and turning through higher price legacy communities
 now that we are
 in a much better position from both a financial and product standpoint.
 We have an opportunity to show real improvement on the gross margin front.
 We posted a 320 basis point year-over-year increase to our home building gross margin
 in the third quarter. Excluding impairments in the prior year. And we feel we can push
 margins higher over time, through steady price increases, better product mix, and cost containment.
 While this margin progression will fluctuate,
 depending on the mix of causes.
 board the long-term trajectory is headed in the right direction, with a healthy demand
 outlook, a great product profile, rising margins, and a much
 improved balance sheet.
 The new home company is in a great position to end the year on a strong note and carry
 that momentum into the new year.
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Leonard who will provide more detail on
 in our operations.
 Thanks Larry.
 and good morning to everyone joining us
 on the call today.
 We experienced a widespread acceleration and demand in the third quarter, driven by
 by low mortgage rates,
 limited existing home supply
 a desire from buyers to move to less
 densely populated areas, and the surge in millennial buyers
 that Larry mentioned.
 The demand was broad-based both from a price point and geographic standpoint, which allowed
 us to push pricing at nearly all of our communities during the quarter.
 conversion rates are at all-time highs as buyers feel a sense of urgency to move forward
 with a purchase decision given the lack of an available supply and low interest rates.
 As a result, our homes and backlog increased to 329, which represented a 59% year-over-year
 improvement to end the quarter.
 Looking ahead, we expect order activity to remain above normal seasonal trends in the
 near term, but our focus has shifted slightly given the size of our backlog and our desire
 to increase margins.
 We want to make sure our sales don't get too far out in front of our starts while also
 so maximizing the profit from each new home sale.
 to that and
 We have delayed some sales releases
 in an effort to align our sales with construction starts.
 and implement additional price increases.
 While this we moderate our sales pace
 from the levels we have experienced recently.
 we believe this is a prudent way to manage our backlog
 and improve our margins.
 In terms of cost, lumber recently hit an all-time high, driven by diminished capacities, tariffs,
 uncertainty of COVID on workers in the mills and a rapid increase in sales and
 starts.
 Fortunately, we have started to see lumber pricing come down from its highs, and hope
 Hope this trend continues.
 Outside of lumber, our material costs
 to remain relatively flat.
 With respect to our markets, Arizona continues to be the standout performer for us, averaging
 four point one sales per community per month
 This strong absorption was driven by seven new communities.
 We've recently opened over the past five months,
 which have also generated gross margins
 meaningfully higher
 than the company average
 Our Mariposa mini master plan, consisting of three product segments, opened the last week
 of September and sold 18 homes during the quarter.
 while our Mosaic mini-master plan continues to experience solid sales as well.
 We will deliver our first homes from our affordably priced communities in Arizona in the fourth
 quarter, and we expect these communities to contribute significantly to the
 the company's profit in two thousand twenty one
 arizona still remains our most challenge market when it comes to labor
 and sub-trade availability.
 And we have seen a lengthening of our cycle times
 by a few weeks as a result.
 We are working hard to overcome these issues
 and believe Arizona will be a key contributor to our
 company success moving forward.
 the market dynamics in california
 as a whole.
 feel the best that they've been during the current housing cycle.
 Border paces continue to run at high levels, and we are seeing cycle time stay relatively consistent.
 In Southern California, our communities average the sales
 days of 3.1 per month during the quarter.
 Demand was particularly strong in the core areas of the Inland Empire, where we can
 offer our premium brand experience at lower price points.
 We've targeted this region as a key component of our expansion into a more affordable product,
 And we anticipate opening five affordably priced communities within the Inland Empire
 over the next eighteen months
 In Northern California, our communities average 3.6 sales per month for the quarter, with
 strength across the board.
 Portability remains an issue for most buyers in the core Bay Area and we've limited our
 exposure to this market as we have nearly closed out at our remaining community in
 Milpitas.
 We continue to see a migration from the Bay Area into the more affordable areas in and
 around Sacramento. Our four communities in Bacaville, California have benefited
 significantly from this migration as our monthly sales absorption pace was 4.4
 homes per community during the 2020 third quarter.
 As we continue to make changes to improve our profitability, we believe there is potential
 in our fee-building business and are currently sourcing new opportunities.
 During the third quarter, we started construction on the model complex at Atlas.
 our fee-building community for five points at the Great Park in Irvine,
 and expect to open for sales in early 2021.
 This arrangement is different than most of the traditional fee-building arrangements we've
 had in the past as the new home company will also brand, market, and sell these homes.
 We are currently in discussions with other landowners to build foresell housing and
 single family rental housing on a fee basis.
 These future opportunities will help partially offset
 a near-term reduction in fee-building revenues,
 resulting from Irvine Pacific's decision
 to manage the construction of their home building operations
 on their own and phase out our fee building arrangement with them.
 As a result, we expect our fee-building revenues to decline over the next year, and then in
 increase in 2022 as new opportunities start generating
 fee revenue and profits.
 We are excited for these new opportunities and believe they can generate meaningful income
 in the future using nominal capital.
 In summary, we continue to benefit from extremely strong housing fundamentals in all of our
 markets and our recently open communities have been well received.
 We are working hard to take advantage of the demand strength we are seeing with targeted
 price increases in an effort to improve our profitability.
 We make good strides on this front and third quarter
 and expect to make further progress in the future.
 Now I'd like to turn it over to John for more detail on our financial results this quarter.
 Thank you, Leonard, and good morning.
 For the 2020 third quarter, we generated pre-tax income of $1.5 million compared to
 4.8 million dollars pre-tax loss in the year ago period.
 The 2019 third quarter included a total of 3.6 million of inventory and pyramid charges
 had a $1.5 million loss on a land sale in the prior year,
 third quarter. Net income for the quarter was $1.2 million or six cents per diluted
 shares compared to a net loss of 4.6 million or 23 cents per diluted share in the prior
 year period.
 Our home sales revenue for the third quarter
 was 117.4 million compared to 118.8 million
 in the prior year period.
 The slight decrease compared to the prior year
 was attributable to a 22% decrease in average selling price to $748,000, resulting from
 our continued expansion into lower price points, which was partially offset by a 27% increase
 and deliveries.
 We estimate 2,024th quarter home sales revenue to be between $115 and $125 million and our
 our average selling price for the 4th quarter to be approximately $720,000.
 Our gross margin for the 2020 third quarter was 14.2 percent versus 9.5 percent in the
 prior year period and exceeded the top end of our previously issued guidance.
 The 2019 third quarter gross margin excluding impairments of $1.7 million was 11 percent.
 To 320 basis point improvement and gross margin, excluding the prior year, impairments was
 primarily due to a product mix shift to more affordable product, which generally have higher
 gross margins and to a lesser extent fewer deliveries from lower margin move
 up condominium communities compared to the 2019 third quarter.
 These positive factors were partially offset by a 60 basis point increase in capitalized
 interest, including in cost of sales, due to the mix of homes delivered during the quarter.
 interest in cost of sales and impairments. Our adjusted gross margin from home sales
 was twenty percent
 has compared to 16.2% in the year ago period.
 For the 2020 fourth quarter, we estimate our gross margin to be between 13.8 and 14.2 percent.
 Our SG&A rate as a percentage of home sales revenue for the third quarter was 12.3% versus
 11.1% in the year ago, period.
 The higher SG&A rate in 2020 was primarily the result of higher commission's incentive
 compensation and professional fees, and to a lesser extent, a $300,000 reduction in
 and GNA expenses allocated to fee-building cost of sales.
 For the 2020 fourth quarter, we estimate our SGNA rate to be between 12.4 and 12.8 percent.
 The higher projected SGNA rate relative to the first quarter, the higher projected SGNA
 relative to Q3 is partially the result of a lower anticipated allocation of GNA expenses
 to the fee business due to lower anticipated fee revenue in Q4 due to the Irvine Pacific
 wind down.
 We opened four new communities in Arizona during the quarter and ended the quarter with
 25 active communities, which was a 14% increase compared to the prior year, third quarter.
 We have one...
 new community that opened in October and expect to sell out of approximately three communities
 before the end of the year.
 The building revenue for the 2023rd quarter was $13.4 million compared to $22.3 million
 in the prior year period.
 The tree building gross margin for the 2020 third quarter was 268,000 compared to 647,000
 in the prior year period.
 The reduction in fee building gross margin
 is primarily due to lower fee building activity
 in Irvine, California.
 For the 2024 quarter, we estimate our fee-building revenue
 to be between $5 million and $8 million.
 We continue to wind down our joint ventures.
 During the quarter, we finalized the sale of our interest in the Bedford Land Development
 joint venture and delivered the final homes at our McKinley Village home building joint
 adventure in Sacramento, California.
 of the company's three remaining active joint ventures.
 We have seven homes remaining to deliver
 at the Mountain Shadows Home Building Joint Venture in Arizona.
 three home sites to sell at our Davis Land Development Joint Venture in Northern California.
 And we continue to accurately pursue an exit from the Russell Ranch Land Development Joint
 Venture in Folsom, California.
 During the third quarter, we generated $40 million in operating cash flow and reduced
 hard net debt to capital ratio to 45.1%.
 a nine hundred eighty basis point improvement compared to the year ago
 period
 and the lowest level since December, 2017.
 We ended the quarter with $126 million in cash and cash equivalents and had no borrowings
 outstanding under our $60 million Revolving Credit Facility.
 We also repurchased $5.2 million in principal of our senior notes due to 2022 at a discount.
 We further strengthen our balance sheet by extending our debt maturity profile subsequent
 to the quarter end.
 In October, we issued $250 million of new,
 Seven and a quarter percent senior notes do October 2025.
 To refinance our existing senior notes due April 2022.
 too.
 In connection with this refinance, we estimate a one-time pretext charge of approximately
 $8 million to be recorded in the fourth quarter.
 We also entered into a new $60 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility on October
 30th that has a maturity date of April 30, 2023, a one-and-a-half year extension from
 the previous bank credit facility.
 The extension of these debt maturities will allow us to make long-term changes to the
 debt maturity.
 long-term investments as we replenish our land portfolio and position the company for
 long-term success.
 Lastly, we spent $14 million on land and land deposits during the quarter.
 We plan on increasing our land spend in the near future, but remain focused on maintaining
 a proper balance between building liquidity, managing leverage, and rebuilding our land
 pipeline.
 I'll now turn the call back to Larry for his concluding remarks.
 thanks john
 We've been working hard as a company
 to make progress on a number of fronts this year.
 And our results for the third quarter
 demonstrate that we have made significant headway.
 improve their profitability by expanding our gross margins and further
 diversified our operations by continuing to close out legacy high-priced communities
 and open more affordable, faster-selling communities.
 We also strengthened our balance sheet by generating strong cash flow from operations,
 reducing our net leverage, and extending our debt maturity profile.
 These achievements have put us on more stable footing and give us a clear path to better
 results in the future.
 I want to thank all of our team members for how they've performed during these difficult times.
 Handling the significant increase in business we've experienced would be challenging enough
 during normal times.
 let alone in the middle of a pandemic.
 and I'm really appreciative of your efforts.
 And that concludes our prepared remarks, and now we'd be happy to take your questions.
 Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question and answer session.
 If you'd like to ask a question, please press star one on your telephone keypad, a confirmation
 will indicate your line is in the question queue.
 You may press star two if you'd like to remove your questions from the queue.
 for participants using speaker equipment.
 it may be necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the star key.
 The first question comes from the line of Alan Ratner with Zelman & Associates.
 Please proceed with your questions.
 Hey guys, good morning. Congrats on all the progress during the quarter and the strong results
 Um, first, first question, um, maybe start off on the pricing side, um, Larry or Leonard.
 And so it sounds like you guys have had some success pushing price in the quarter, and
 Obviously, the longer-term margin goal is, you know,
 Certainly, I think looking a lot stronger now, given the pricing environment.
 I'm curious if you could maybe just talk a little bit and quantify maybe the level of
 increases you guys have pushed through in the last couple of months and and I'm
 I'm curious if you've seen any pushback to any of those price increases at this point
 I guess here in early November, assuming some of those price increases have been more recent.
 Leonard, 1-8.
 Thanks, Alex B.
 Why don't you take it, Wunder?
 Thanks, Larry.
 Thanks, Ellen.
 Good morning.
 Yeah, I.
 I would say across the quarter, you know, we continue to push pricing at all of our communities.
 We literally raised prices at 100% of our communities and on average, the average price
 increase was a little over four percent.
 You know, there's kind of age qualified communities, second home communities at the lower end
 and then at the higher end are really some of our suburban communities.
 We've continued to push those prices all through the quarter.
 Really, we haven't seen the resistance yet as of today.
 and continue to look for every opportunity we can to grow margins.
 That's great to hear
 Second question, you mentioned, and this is a similar message we've heard from other builders,
 just about the need to slow things down a little bit,
 not get backlogs too far extended and
 i think that makes a lot of sense although you know for you guys you're in a
 little bit of a different situation in that, you know, you're growing off of an
 admittedly fairly you know
 small level of activity
 So I was a little bit surprised that, you know, you wouldn't be in a position where
 you could kind of let things run a bit hotter here.
 And I'm curious if you could talk a little bit, maybe a rank order, the constraints that
 you're seeing that would prevent you from letting that go hotter for a longer period
 in time in terms of your absorption rate.
 Is it the land issue?
 i know your lot count has been
 trending uh... you quite a bit lower in the week more recent quarters
 or is it more difficulty sourcing labor, you know, perhaps, you know, the scale
 benefits of some of the larger builders have is that working as a disadvantage to you guys
 in trying to get Libra in this tight environment right now?
 Yeah, it's bettered again would I try the ladder of the tube is driving it more or less Alan is like in a perfect world
 you'd sell one home per week and start four homes per month.
 And really that's what our trade partners are set up for and we've kind of prepared
 them for that. They've made the commitment to deliver that. So, you know, we just want
 to make sure, again, that our sold and un-started backlog doesn't get too far out front, especially
 in an environment of rising prices.
 We know that future land prices,
 land's gonna cost more in the future.
 And so really it's the capacity of our trade partners.
 So we continue to measure that.
 We've got a little bit lighter on sales releases
 for that reason.
 and uh... we think that's the best course of action
 And once, if I could add, I really do think it varies by market and also by newer housing
 program or older housing program. So it isn't just a one-size-fits-all. Leonard and John
 have worked pretty carefully at trying to analyze where we have
 opportunities and where and where there's more challenges and in some cases you know
 or our goal is to build out of older projects and get through it.
 But in other cases, if we're not going to be able to start a house for two or three months,
 It doesn't make any sense to put it up for sale in a market that continues to be strong.
 And so, you know, I actually think we're being very logical.
 And we're attempting to make sure that we don't miss out on any of the things we're
 maximize the profits, and if you look at the communities we've opened in the last 12 months,
 you'd see a significant increase in both absorption and margin.
 And this, we're hoping that we're going to be able to keep that the absorption steady
 and uh...
 the margins are improving there's no reason why we shouldn't be able to
 Great, I appreciate that extra color there, Larry,
 And if I could just sneak in one more here,
 You kind of brought up the land market a little bit.
 You know, what are you seeing right now?
 Now that the debt refinancing is behind you guys, you obviously have a little bit more
 runway and that this ability from the balance sheet perspective so i would
 imagine
 you know you you're kind of stepping on the gas a little bit here on the land
 inside of things, and at the same time, I would imagine your competitors are as well
 given how strong selling environment has been. So, what's the availability of some of those
 quicker turn deals that you could kind of put, you know, pen and paper, too, and then
 potentially get on the ground here over the next 12 or 18 months.
 It's pretty hot.
 Well, it's...
 I'll go ahead, Larry.
 Well, let me just start, Leonard, and then you jump through.
 You know.
 land in
 the market we're in
 it's always been challenging
 Always.
 And one of the strengths of our organization
 has been that we have land relationships that go back over 30 years, whether with master
 developers are with individuals, and it is tougher now, but we are continuing to find
 opportunity and uh...
 uh...
 there is no reason why we won't be able to, you know,
 grow the business over the next two to three years.
 But one thing you have to be aware of in our investors,
 I hope they all understand is that when California is your strongest marketplace, it takes a
 a couple years to, from when you buy a piece of ground to when you're closing
 houses. And we've been planning that, and we understand that that's a situation we're
 in, but don't lose track of it, if anything, when the market is particularly tough or difficult
 because of
 uh... a lot of competition
 relationships matter more than ever
 and that's one thing that we have
 And we always have, and we always will have.
 And with that, Leonard, please.
 And keep going.
 Yeah, I think you hit most of the points Larry. I would say Alan
 And we're certainly back in the market and we are kind of book-ending this.
 We're looking for opportunities that we can basically get control of, that we can open
 a model home within 12 to 18 months, and they were because of somewhat limited capital, we're
 We're looking for opportunities to fill our 2324 pipeline
 and the profile of those deals would look quite differently.
 The land market is really competitive right now,
 Right now, as you would expect, we've had some success, tying up some interesting
 opportunities, and I would say Arizona is the most competitive land environment today,
 And so that's probably our biggest challenge, is to identify assets that make sense.
 There's positions available, but we want to make sure they make sense and that we can
 deliver on those returns.
 I'd add one other thing to your prior question real quick.
 When you talk about...
 about kind of sales pace and running it a little bit hotter I will say even with
 with the steps that we've taken and, you know,
 We just closed the month of October.
 October was a really strong month, even with those measures.
 It's the third strongest sales month
 in the company's history, where sales are up 65%.
 And we averaged absorption at 3.5, and that's even counting closeout communities where we
 We have two, three, four homes left to sell to kind of weight that down a little bit.
 So, again...
 ...
 And it's still an extremely strong market.
 and we're kind of really excited about the future
 what it can mean for the company.
 Great.
 Thanks a lot, guys, and it sounds promising, and good luck.
 Thanks.
 Thanks, Alan.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, as a reminder, if you'd like to join the Question Cube, please press
 Star 1 on your Toast on Keypad.
 Our next question comes from the line of Alex Barrett,
 with Housing Research Center.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Good morning guys, great job.
 Thanks Alex.
 Thanks, Alex.
 So, I was curious, you've mentioned you're starting to do some fee work for five-point
 So, do you have any sense of timing you can share with those when those first delivery
 are...
 revenue.
 Well, I guess it's...
 on probably you get your book earnings right when construction happens so can
 Can you kind of help give us an idea of how to model that?
 Sure. This is, good morning Alex. This is Leonard. Yeah, so I'm sure you're aware it's a slightly
 different fee structure than, say, what we've done with the Irvine company in the past.
 And so in this case, we take on all of the normal builder
 responsibilities in the community will be branded under the new home name.
 We sell and market the homes, construct them, and then take the back-end service as well.
 So, the...
 Okay.
 The community will open during the first quarter
 open for sale so that's when you know we will go to sell and then within the next two to
 three months we should see first closing. So the way the fee structure works is we
 We get a portion of the fee through the life of the project, and then we get it back in
 in portion of the fee at the close of the home.
 So even today we'd be recognized very,
 small amount of fee, but the significant fee would start coming in probably the end of
 with Q1, early Q2.
 We're also really excited.
 I think it was noted in the release that over the last six months, we've been approached
 on several different fronts from it for some pretty exciting fee opportunities, including
 the single-family rental business where we're talking to folks in Arizona and we have a
 really exciting opportunity here in California to build up to 1,300-1,400 homes.
 So, we think it can drive a significant part of our business, help us grow earnings well,
 not having to put any form of significant capital into the business.
 Okay, great. And then on the joint venture side, I noticed there's very few lots left.
 Is that basically winding down or will you, will that stay alive, I guess, in future years?
 Hey, Alex, this is John Stevens.
 Yeah, we are sort of winding down the joint venture business.
 We've got, like I said, on the call, only a few lots left
 in our Davis Cannery Project in Northern California.
 We have about, I think, seven homes left to deliver out
 our mountain shadows community and then really the remaining lots are at our
 full-sum ranch deal up in Northern California called Russell Ranch and we're in the process of exiting that
 partnership right now and I would say in the near term we really don't have any
 plans to enter into any new joint ventures at this time, but, you know, it's possible
 if the right opportunity came along,
 that we would entertain that.
 But for now, that part of the business is really winding down.
 Okay, great.
 And then on the, if I could ask one more on the mute that you guys just raised is the
 plans to pay off the 2022 short term or closer, you know, yeah, it's already done.
 Yeah, we effectuated that last week.
 We closed on the new bonds.
 I believe it was on the 28th of October, and all the previous 22 notes have been extinguished.
 And so that's done.
 And then we use some of our cash on hand to pay off the balance because we raised 250
 million of new notes and we had about
 roughly two hundred ninety two million of
 principle in the old notes, so.
 Okay.
 Great.
 I'll get back to the cue.
 Sure. Thanks, Yaks.
 Thank you.
 Our next question.
 comes to the line of Jason Feintuch with Private Investor.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Thank you for taking my question guys and congratulations from the strong quarter
 My question really just kind of pertains to the priorities for capital deployment going forward.
 You mentioned how you successfully be leveraged to balance sheet and extend it on maturities
 uh... and the outlook for the business is exceptionally strong
 uh... and you guys are significantly
 uh... generating cash flow
 uh... but with your stock trading at half a book value of basically half a
 tangible book of value, it's hard to really imagine there's a better use of cash right
 right now are partly cash right now than buying back your own stuff so really what
 your thoughts around potential shareable purchases? And really, how can we focus and
 think about priorities of the capital deployment going forward.
 That's a good question, Jason. Thank you.
 Yeah, you know, we've looked at all aspects of use of our capital, and we've been very
 very focused, as you mentioned, on really deleveraging the business and refinancing
 interponds and pushing out the revolver extension, which was a big important thing that we'd
 completed on Friday. So it really puts us in a position now where we can reinvest in
 in the business.
 Obviously, we
 We did buy quite a few shares in the front half of the year when we saw the stock price
 to press very significantly and and i agree with you at
 trading at half of multiple book value
 isn't uh... where we'd like to be
 but on the on the other hand we do need to
 uh... reinvest in our business a little bit
 and we will evaluate really all aspects
 and we're going to allocate the capital going forward.
 We do have a little bit left on our authorization from our board.
 I think it was about 1.7 million left authorized currently.
 But again, we've been on pause on the land act side for a little bit now and we will
 sort of layer some of that in going forward. Again, we do need to sort of balance our capital
 And it's a fair question, but we do need to reinvest in the business, too, so we'll continue
 to evaluate on all fronts moving forward.
 John, do you also want to address the idea of where we are with leverage, where we came
 from and where you see us moving to the future.
 Yeah, I mean I think our net debt to caps come down significantly at 45 percent 45.1 percent at the end of the quarter
 You know, it's down almost a thousand basis points from where we were a year ago.
 We will, as I mentioned in my preparatory remarks, we will have a charge from the refinance
 of the...
 of the old bonds, which will come through in Q4,
 But, moving forward, we're probably running the company with the idea of between 45 and
 50% on a net debt cap basis moving forward.
 forward.
 Any other questions?
 Not for me. Thank you and congratulations again. Good luck.
 Thank you. Thanks, Jason.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Alex Barron with Housing Research
 Center.
 with your question.
 Thank you.
 to my follow-up.
 So I noticed in Arizona, you guys managed to open several communities this quarter.
 wondering if there's any more in the pipeline going into next year, or is this roughly going
 to be the community council through next year.
 next year.
 Yeah, Alex, this is Leonard. You're right. You know, over the last five months, we've
 open seven communities and three different locations and obviously we're very excited
 about the early results, where we're seeing strong absorption and strong margin.
 So again, we're really excited about our team there on the ground.
 We have one community slated to open
 in the first half of next year.
 And that's, you know, at this point,
 We have other things that we're currently working on,
 but that's primarily the one that we can talk about today.
 Yeah, and it looks like we're at eight communities now,
 the end of Q3, I think one of them probably drops off in Q4,
 and then we'll probably run that seven community range
 plus or minus for the year?
 Right.
 quickly we sell through some of these communities that's what we're expecting
 for the bulk of next year, but it may taper a little bit in Q4 of next year until we reload
 on a few communities we're working on now.
 Okay, great.
 And then, as far as gross margins, I think you gave us a range for next year.
 I mean, for next quarter, which is a little bit down versus this quarter, is that mainly
 because of the impact of lumber or is there something else there?
 It really has to do with some of the closeout communities we have on the luxury condominium
 side where the good news is we're selling through those.
 The downside is that the margins are a little bit weaker in those communities on a higher
 average selling price Alex so I think once those all get disposed of and
 delivered in Q4. I think our margins look positive moving forward. And again, I think
 there are
 We feel pretty good about that, but again, part of it's going to be what of those higher
 price lower margin communities sort of deliver and close out in Q4s is primarily the impact
 for the margin.
 Okay, awesome.
 And thanks.
 for next year.
 Thanks.
 Thanks Alex.
 Thank you.
 And that concludes our question and answer session.
 I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Webb for any final comments.
 Thanks very much.
 as all of you could see we have really made significant progress over the last
 three months.
 and uh... when and it and and of course part of it is because of that
 improved housing market but
 A part of it has been in the works for a long time
 based on our strategic planning.
 And I wanted to commend Leonard and John because they've really done a terrific job.
 we really believe the future is bright for the new home company
 and we're extremely excited about the next two years
 as we move forward.
 So with that, I wanna thank all of you and stay tuned
 because, again, there's a light at the end of the tunnel.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, this concludes today's conference.
 you may disconnect your lines at this time.
 Thank you for your participation.
 Please hang up and try your call again.
 If you'd like assistance, please dial 0 and a TELUS operator will be happy to help you.
 Please hang up and try your call again.
 If you'd like assistance, please dial 0 and a TELUS operator will be happy to help you.