 Welcome to the Innovative Solutions in Support 4th Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast.
 All participants will be in listen-only mode.
 Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero.
 After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 To ask a question, you may press star than one on your telephone keypad.
 To withdraw your question, please press star, then 2.
 Please note, this event is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeffrey Hedrick, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Good morning.
 This is Jeff Edrick.
 Welcome to our conference call to discuss our performance for the fourth quarter and
 Fiscal year 2020, the current business conditions and our outlook for the coming year.
 Joining me is Sharam As Kapoor, our president, and Rell Winan, our CFO.
 Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone.
 I would remind our listeners that certain matters discussed in the conference call today,
 including new products and operational and financial results for future periods.
 are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties
 that could cause actual results to differ materially,
 either better or worse from those
 including other risks and uncertainties reflected in our company's 10-K, which is on fire with the SEC, and other public filings.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Jeff.
 Thank you rel
 Several years ago, I announced we would change our approach to the market
 by focusing on only products that are technologically driven, performance, and price advantages.
 operating performance during this challenging period appears to validate a change in direction.
 Fourth quarter had a strong finish.
 resulting in year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter, and sequential growth.
 Our revenues increased 31% from a year ago.
 the quarter full year revenue growth was 23 percent fiscal 2020 was our second
 of strong growth, of increasing profitability, solid cash flow, and while strengthening
 underlying foundations of OEM production contracts
 and recurring revenue that support our continued success.
 Based on this performance, our cash on hand, and our confidence in continued success.
 In September, the Board of Directors declared a special $0.65 per share dividend.
 We were able to achieve these results while protecting our employees, partners, and customers against the pandemic.
 While its impact today on our business has been minimal, safety precautions have now become a routine part of our operator's commitment to ensure safe and a healthy work environment.
 We announced last quarter that Textron had awarded us an OEM production contract to supply our ThreatSense
 auto-throttle with lifeguard protection on the new King Air 360 twin turbo prop.
 In November, Textrun celebrated delivery of its first Beechcraft King Air 360 turbocrop aircraft.
 More recently, Nexron announced that the thrust fence autothrottle is standard equipment on the new Kenyair 260.
 Delivery is scheduled to begin in the first half of 2021.
 to be working with Textron and are grateful for the support through the certification
 moved into production.
 They are a strong supporter of our technology.
 Autothrottle is the first among a list of 360 upgrades mentioned in their King Air 360 promotional material.
 Dextron joins two other major OEMs to feature up IS&S products as standard equipment on their production aircraft.
 Joining Pilatus PC-24, UMS, and Boeing's KC-46 tanker as major OEM contracts of prospectively significant duration and value.
 These contracts offer a growing base of long-term recurring revenue as they expected for the last years.
 There is support in Textron and looking into opportunities for the thrust engine.
 as workload-reducing features on their other production platforms.
 grateful to see that
 the service center organization
 that has
 come
 positively pursued the significant retrofit opportunities of thousands of King Heirs currently in service.
 Consequently, we are working with Textron to ensure our production levels meet the service center's demand for autothrottle
 and help promote the availability
 of this potentially life-saving technology
 to King Air's owners.
 Press FEDS also has a base for expanding beyond the general aviation market.
 We'll look at the military aircraft and air transports and multi-engine aircraft as well.
 In addition, we are finding that the public publicity surrounding our threat sets has
 interest with other OEMs, you are potentially like,
 life-saving FIA-certified one-engine and operative upset protection. It's a compelling differentiator that
 mobile engine operators are now
 very interested in.
 We are optimistic that the contracts with Textron support the wide adoption of a technology
 only improves airfare performance but can provide unparalleled safety.
 our business, we have hired a sales and service support representative
 stationed in Wichita.
 We will support our present business at Textron and explore new business opportunities in the region.
 We are working with Textron, a worldwide service organization, supporting autothrallel retrofits.
 Our Automatical Programs Director is successfully addressing
 addressing
 A large military opportunities and air transport markets with very encouraging results.
 Continue to recruit sales and support personnel.
 for our growing business demand and for thrust sets, auto throttle, and lifeguard protection systems.
 In addition, in September of 2020 we announced the FAA had certified our synthetic vision
 installation and autothrottle upgrade for the Eclipse Jet.
 The Eclipse was the first aircraft in which we developed an autothrottle, and we are pleased to be able to offer owners the ability to upgrade the airplanes with our latest features.
 The ongoing growth of online shopping continues to fuel the increase in the number of 757 and 67 aircraft being converted to cargo.
 This has generated increasing demand for our flat panel display technology.
 Engineering and development work completed. We ship our upgrade for U.S. Navy
 for the F5 in the fourth quarter.
 Order.
 I am now marching.
 Thank you.
 Let me turn this over to Rell for some financial results.
 Thank you, Jeff, and thank you all for joining us this morning.
 Looking first at the fourth quarter, revenues were 6.3 million of 31% from 4.8 million a year ago
 and generated a 39% increase in operating income.
 This was the fastest quarterly rate of growth in this fiscal year.
 Growth this quarter was almost entirely in product and customer service revenue
 as we completed final engineering on the U.S. Navy F-5 air data computer development contract
 and we shipped the entire production order in the quarter.
 Growth margins for the quarter were 55.8% down from 59.5% in a year ago with a decrease attributable to product mix, higher warranty, and material costs.
 Also, this quarter we had limited engineering development revenue.
 unlike the year-ago quarter which yielded strong margins.
 Nevertheless, margins remain in line with the historical averages achieved over the years.
 Total operating expenses for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 were $2.3 million, up from $2 million in the year-ago quarter.
 This modest increase in expense reflects the addition of resources needed
 to support the company's 30% revenue growth rate.
 Research and development expense was up over the year ago quarter, reflecting a shift to more internally funded R&D,
 that the customer-funded F-5 development contract is completed.
 R&D was approximately 11% of quarterly revenues, which is consistent with our strong commitment
 to innovative and new product development.
 Selling, general, and administrative expenses were up about 8% from the year-ago quarter.
 Again, primarily due to the need to add resources to support our increased business activity.
 For the quarter, we generated operating income of $1.2 million, or approximately 19% of revenue.
 Other income was down from a year ago quarter as interest rates decreased.
 We put it.
 recording net income of $1.2 million or $0.07 per share.
 Looking at results for the year, total revenues were $21.6 million of 23% from $17.6 million for full year 2019.
 The public reported fiscal 2020 net income of $3.3 million or $0.19 per share increases
 of 74% and 73% respectively from net income of $1.9 or $0.11 per share for fiscal 2019.
 The company remains
 in strong financial position, we generated over $2.2 million of positive cash flow from
 operations in fiscal 2020, of which 1.6 million was generated in the fourth quarter, and had
 $12.6 million of cash on hand
 as September 30, 2020.
 The company is debt-free.
 In September, the Board of Directors declared a cash dividend in the amount of $0.65 per share or approximately $11.2 million, which was paid on October 1st, 2020.
 The dividend appears as an accrual on the September 30, 2020 balance sheet, offset by a corresponding
 restricted cash.
 We believe that the company has sufficient cash to fund operations for the foreseeable future.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Sean.
 Thank you, Brandon.
 Good morning everyone.
 The fourth quarter was our best sales quarter of the fiscal 2020
 and put a fine point on our second consecutive year of top and bottom line growth and strong cash generation.
 More importantly, it was a year in which
 We wrote our third OEM production contract with a Tier 1 manufacturer Textron.
 King Air 360
 and King Air 260, our new aircraft that will feature our thrusters autothrower as standard
 equipment join our ongoing OEM contracts with Pilaras and Boeing.
 With these OEM contracts, we are building a solid foundation of recurring revenue that
 should last for years.
 Let me also quickly reiterate what Jeff mentioned earlier
 generated this strong growth and profitability and successfully executed
 on the King Air contract while implementing new safety policies and procedures that have
 We have kept all of our employees safe and productive as well as protected our partners and customers.
 The King Air 360 program is just ramping up with the first production aircraft delivered to a customer last month.
 The King Air 260 is scheduled for delivery in the first half of 2021.
 We have been shipping FrostSense units to Textron since 3rd quarter and expect orders to naturally follow the anticipated increase in production over time.
 In addition to shipping units for installation on the Tinger 360, there are also shipping units to Textron for distribution to the service centers, where they have been used for retrofit installations.
 As Jeff mentioned, the retrofit opportunity is much greater than the forward fit.
 with about 5,000 Kingaers currently in service, which we estimate represents about a 300 million total addressable market.
 At this point, you are certified for retrofit and the Beechcraft can get 300 series equipped
 Pro-Line Fusion Avionics and the Pro-Line 21-equipped Peachcraft King Air 200 series.
 Other variations of this STC are being pursued with some imminence.
 We are consequently also shipping auto throubles to our installation partners where it appears many King Air owners take their aircraft for service.
 Both organizations are aggressively marketing the retrofit.
 you are opening an office in Wichita
 to not only promote
 the product
 but also support TEXTRA.
 The relationship with Texron is going well and provides a solid foundation from which we expand our auto-thrall market.
 only horizontally across Tinger platforms, but other OEMs as well as the military.
 We are in conversation with manufacturers of both twin turboprop, twin jets, and multi-engine aircraft with regards to our autotrival.
 Potentially life-saving nature of trussons on multi-engine aircraft is a feature in which virtually all OEMs have an interest.
 In September 2020, we announced that the FAA had certified our synthetic virgin installation, an auto-throw upgrade for the Eclipse jet.
 This installation marks ISNS's first upgrade directly to Eclipse owners and involves substantial pre-orders.
 Eclipse owners now have the benefit of significant functional upgrades
 and ongoing product support directly from the partnership with IS&S.
 I will now briefly review some of our ongoing programs.
 The PC24 program has essentially reached 30-state production levels.
 They expect to ship close to 50 shipsets in fiscal 2021 to support their current production rate.
 This program remains highly successful.
 Alanis is very satisfied with our performance.
 This program, we believe, is expected to continue to run for many years, offering a predictable, stable, recurring revenue stream.
 Dynamics in the commercial transport market are also essentially unchanged.
 Their cargo delivery services continue to convert Boeing 757 and 767 planes, including upgrades to our flat handle displays.
 When we once contracted with large installers, we are now doing more direct sales to carriers,
 which has proven much more successful.
 There remains over a thousand operational 7-5 and 7-6-7 that are still in need of retrofitting
 with an even larger number of 737s yet to be updated.
 Development work for the U.S. Navy data computer was completed, and we delivered production units for the U.S. Navy fleet in the fourth quarter.
 This was a highly successful program and we are now turning our attention to foreign military,
 which also fly the F-5 and would be a large new market for this versatile product.
 A KC-46 program
 with Boeing is one of our three OEM production contracts.
 It continues to make steady contribution to our recurring revenue and profitability.
 New orders in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 were over $3.4 million and backlogged
 Backlog as of September 30, 2020, 3.60.
 bookings for a full year
 were in excess of 19 million.
 Keep in mind that backlog at the end of any one quarter is not necessarily indicative
 of future business activities
 We generate a good portion of our revenue from customer service and intra-quarter
 People can ship all this.
 The ongoing pandemic has had peripheral effects on our sales and marketing activities,
 limiting our ability to personally meet with customers and prospects, causing some complexity
 working with the FAA, which is operating under work-from-home directives.
 Balance, we do not believe the pandemic has or will have a significant impact on our business
 and are excited about the
 prospects of our portfolio
 of our products.
 Let me turn the call back to Jeff for some closing remarks.
 The strong success of our autothrottles strongly suggests that this strategy is creating real value for both our customers and for our stockholders.
 Considering a new fiscal year with momentum for two years of strong growth, solid balance
 portfolio products that are receiving enthusiastic market reception see a
 opportunity to support and
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 I'll take the questions as required.
 Thank you.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 To ask a question, you may press star then 1 on your telephone keypad.
 If you're using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys.
 To withdraw your question, please press star then 2.
 At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster.
 Thank you.
 And the first question will come from David Campbell with Thompson Davis & Company.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning, David.
 Hey, good morning, Jeff.
 Well, thanks for having such a good quarter.
 I just wanted to ask
 What do you assume?
 what I should assume
 for an accrued tax rate
 as well as
 well as
 Will there be?
 Will there begin to be toxic rules?
 It will be some expense, but it will be lessened because we still have some NOLs and some R&D tax credits.
 So I would use, I'm estimating, use like a 5% effective tax rate type of thing.
 Okay, thanks.
 Thanks.
 And Jeff and...
 Sharam,
 were any
 of the
 shifts
 to the king
 is
 were any of them for
 we're
 Some LEM and some retrofits are all retrofits.
 I don't know.
 We have both.
 A lot of, a lot of OEM, actually.
 20-odd OEM
 Obviously, the airplanes haven't come off the line yet.
 to be growing demand and retrofit.
 But no retrofit meant revenues yet.
 Actually, Textron did an installation in Australia, on a retrofit using our...
 I don't know what's wrong.
 We've had a great number of them.
 We're not there.
 local service centers.
 They have a huge network of service centers throughout the world.
 And the very encouraging thing is they are very aggressively promoting the autothrottle retrofit.
 It looks better almost every day.
 It's very good.
 Uh-huh.
 So you expect that to be...
 Do you expect those revenues to increase in fiscal 21?
 Thank you very much.
 Right. Right.
 visuals
 this quarter
 this December quarter
 we'll have the usual seasonal
 downturn, is that correct?
 Maybe we'll do a little better.
 Okay, well, thanks for answering the questions.
 Thanks, guys.
 I'm broke.
 Look, the operation is good.
 It generates cash every day virtually.
 profitable and as our
 more profitable, not only
 because he covers all the fixed overheads, a lot of which affects the present profitability.
 we're very optimistic about the future
 We are very pleased about Textron's interest and support in our products and see a large
 Thank you.
 Listen, we're already delivering 5, 7, 6, 7 systems to another very new demand for package carriers.
 So, I mean, it's, this is coming up, and when you consider the other effects of pandemic,
 of aerospace companies
 struggling. We've done really well.
 Well, you're doing a great job.
 Thanks for all your help.
 We're fortunate to be here.
 fortunate we have a very good product that is very
 We've got.
 We're very fortunate with that.
 So, we just keep working at it.
 As the Marines say, kick ass and take names.
 Well, thanks a lot for answering the question.
 I've got to get off on a call
 but I appreciate all the work you're doing.
 Thank you.
 once again if you have a question
 Please press star then 1.
 Question is from Roger Goldman, a private investor.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning, Lala, and first of all, thanks for a great quarter and a great year.
 It validates my late father's trust in you, as you know.
 And my sister and I are much appreciative.
 I also want to acknowledge the fact that the last quarter and the last year of history,
 but it sounds like you guys have set the company up for fabulous growth in the future
 that without being Pollyanna could make the past look like small potatoes.
 So congratulations on that.
 My question, as it usually is, goes to the use of cash.
 We've got a company with no debt, with solid operating profit,
 and even after the dividend, the fair amount of cash on the books,
 Any thoughts of either an acquisition or a small regular cash dividend that I think would have a great impact on the stock price?
 That's a good question.
 You could...
 No, I know you can't.
 I know you can.
 Absolutely.
 Look, we know we generate a lot of cash, and our interest is we're operating in a business not for us to look at cash that doesn't generate any income at all.
 I mean, I personally have cash accounts that they're paying interest in pennies, so.
 Yep, yep, yep.
 We have no interest in doing that anymore.
 If we can reasonably invest in other things, we're doing some automation on the floor and tap-backs kind of things.
 We are actually looking at dividends on a long-term basis
 because we believe that the business itself will generate cash on a regular basis.
 so we're conscious
 We're very conscious of that.
 and yet
 I'll show you a lineup.
 What might be changes in your policy?
 Exactly.
 Yeah, that's all I can ask for.
 And again, well done.
 and you guys are doing a great job of positioning this company for the future.
 We missed your dad.
 He was always fun.
 Well, thank you.
 We miss them, too.
 we miss him too
 But I'm hoping after COVID, Jeff, to come on out there and meet you guys and spend some time.
 so
 I know
 Um,
 and look forward to it.
 You're kind of looking at me.
 Okay, thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question and answer session.
 I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
 Thank you
 It appears that our management line is inadvertently disconnected.
 So we thank you, everyone, for joining today's presentation.
 the call has been completed
 and you may not just connect.
 Take care.
 Here we go.