 Welcome to the Innovative Solutions and Support 4th Quarter 2020
 for the 2020 earnings conference call and webcast.
 Our participants will be in listen only mode.
 Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero.
 After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 To ask a question, you may press star then 1 on your telephone coupad.
 To withdraw your question, please press stars in two.
 Please note, this event is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jeffrey Hedrick, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
 Good morning, this is Jeff Hedrick. Welcome to our conference call to discuss our performance
 for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 220, 2020,
 The current business conditions and our outlook for the coming year.
 Joining me now is Sharon Maskapur, our president, and Reil Benan, our CFO.
 Before I begin, I'll ask Realtor Reed to say part of that message.
 Thank you, Jeff, and good morning, everyone.
 I would remind our listeners that certain matters discussed in the conference call today
 including new products and operational financial results
 for future periods.
 are forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause
 actual results to differ materially, either better or worse, from those discussed, including
 And other risks and uncertainties reflected in our company's 10K, which is on fire with
 the SEC and other public filings.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Jeff.
 Thank you, Ro.
 A couple of years ago, I announced we would change our approach to the market by focusing
 only products that are technologically driven, performance, and price advantages.
 is that our operating performance during this challenging period appears to validate our
 change in direction. Fourth quarter had a strong finish, resulting a year over year,
 quarter over a quarter and sequential growth.
 Our revenues increased 31% from a year ago.
 The quarter full-year revenue growth was 23 percent.
 The fiscal 2020 was our second consecutive year of strong growth, of increasing profitability,
 solid cash flow, and while restricting the underlying foundations of OEM production contracts
 and recurring revenue that support our continued success.
 performance, our cash on hand, and our confidence in continued success.
 as in September, the Board of Directors declared a special 65 cent per share dividend.
 We were able to achieve these results while protecting our employees, partners, and customers
 against the pandemic.
 While this, while its impact today on our business has been minimal, safety precautions
 have now become a routine part of our operator's commitment
 to ensure it's safe and a healthy working environment.
 We announced last quarter that Textron had awarded us an OEM production contract
 to supply our ThrustSets Auto throttle with lifeguard protection on the new Kingair 360
 turboprop. In November, Textron celebrated the delivery of its first speechcraft King
 to the DC terminal.
 The next one announced that the thrust fence autothrottle is standard equipment on the new
 Can you hear that?
 Delivery schedules will begin in the first half of 2021.
 working with Textron, and are grateful for the support through the certification and
 and moved into production.
 They are a strong supporter of our technology.
 The IS&S Auto Throttle is the first among a list of 360 upgrades mentioned in their King
 Air 360 promotional material.
 Nexron joins two other major OEMs to feature iSNS products as standard equipment on their
 joining Pilatus PC-24 UMS and Boeing's KC-46 tanker as major OEM contracts of
 significantly significant duration and value.
 These contracts offer a growing base of long-term recurring revenue as expected for the last years.
 There's support in Textron and looking into opportunities for the Thrust Institute.
 workload-reducing features on their other production platforms.
 are grateful to see that the service center organization has positively pursued a significant
 retrofit opportunities of thousands of King Ayers currently in service.
 Consequently, we are working with Textron to ensure our production levels meet the service
 centers, demand for autothrottle, and help promote the availability of this potentially
 the life-saving technology to King Air's owners.
 also has a base for expanding beyond the general aviation market.
 We looked at the military aircraft and air transports and multi-engine aircraft as well.
 In addition, we are finding that the public publicities
 surrounding our threat sense,
 interest with other OEMs.
 You are potentially life's...
 Potentially, life-saving FAA certified one-engine
 differentiator that multi-engine operators are now very interested in.
 We're optimistic to contrast with textual support, the wide adoption of a technology
 improves their performance but can provide unparalleled safety.
 in our business, we have hired as sickles and service support representatives stationed
 He will support our present business at Textron and explore new business opportunities in the region.
 We are working with Textron Worldwide Service Organization, supporting auto-throttle retrofits.
 Our orbital program's director is successfully addressing
 large military opportunities and air transport markets with very encouraging results.
 Continue to recruit sales and support personnel.
 for our growing business demand and for threat sets,
 auto-throttle, and lifeguard protection systems.
 In addition, in September of 2020,
 We announced the FAA had certified our synthetic vision installation and autothrottle upgrade
 for the eclipse jet.
 The Eclipse was the first aircraft in which we developed an autothrottle and we are pleased
 to be able to offer owners the ability
 The ongoing growth...
 the underground growth of online shopping continues to fuel the increase in the number
 of 757s and 67 aircraft being converted to cargo.
 generated increasing demand for our flat panel display technology.
 The engineering and development work completed.
 We ship for U.S. Navy aerodated computers for the F-5 in the fourth quarter.
 marketing international customers for the F5.
 Let me turn this over to Ralph for some financial results.
 Thank you, Jeff, and thank you all for joining us this morning.
 Looking first at the fourth quarter revenues were 6.3 million,
 of 31% from $4.8 million a year ago and generated a 39% increase in operating income.
 This was the best quarterly rate of growth in this fiscal year.
 This quarter was almost entirely in product and customer service revenue
 as we completed final engineering on the U.S. Navy F5 air data computer development
 contract, and we ship the entire production order in the quarter.
 Most margins for the quarter were 55.8% down from 59.5% in the year ago, but the decrease
 attributable to product mix, higher warranty, and material costs.
 Also, this quarter we had limited engineering development revenue.
 unlike the year ago quarter which yielded strong margins.
 Nevertheless, margins remain in line with the historical averages achieved over the years.
 over the years.
 Load operating expenses for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020
 We're 2.3 million up from 2 million in the year of the quarter.
 This might have increased in expense, reflects the additional resources needed
 to support the company's 30% revenue growth rates.
 Research and development expenses up over the year ago were reflecting a shift
 to more internally funded R&D, not that the customer-funded F5 development contract is
 completed.
 R&D was
 .
 approximately 11 percent of quarterly revenues, which is consistent with our strong commitment
 to innovative and new product development.
 Now, my general and administrative expenses were up about 8% from the year of the quarter.
 primarily due to the need to add resources to support our increased business activity.
 For the quarter, we generated operating income of 1.2 million
 or approximately 19% of revenue.
 The other income was down from a year ago,
 interest rates decreased.
 We reported courting that income of $1.2 million or seven cents per share.
 And that results for the year total revenues were 21.6 million of 23% from 17.6 million
 for a full year of 2019.
 The public reported fiscal 2020 net income of $3.3 million over $0.19 per share increases
 74 and 73 percent respectively from that income of 1.9 or 11 cents per share for fiscal 2019.
 The company remains in strong financial position.
 We generated over $2.2 million of positive cash flow from operations in fiscal 2020,
 of which $1.6 million was generated in the fourth quarter
 and had 12.6 million of cash on hand at September 30, 2020.
 The company is debt free.
 In September, the board of directors declared a cash dividend in the amount of 65 cents
 for share or approximately $11.2 million, which was paid on October 1, 2020.
 The dividend appears as an accrual on the September 30, 2020 balance sheet offset by the corresponding restricted cash.
 We believe that the company has sufficient cash to fund operations for the foreseeable future.
 Now I'd like to turn the call over to Sharon.
 Thank you very much. Good morning everyone.
 The fourth quarter was our best sales quarter of the fiscal 2020 and put a fine point on
 for a second consecutive year of top and bottom line growth and strong cash generation.
 More importantly, it was the year in which your third OVM production contract with the
 tier one manufacturer takes from.
 King Air 360 and King Air 260 are new aircraft that will feature a thrust-ass orbital thrower
 at standard equipment,
 are ongoing OVM contracts with Pilatas and Bowen.
 These are VM contracts.
 You are building a solid foundation of recurring revenue that should last for years.
 And you also quickly reiterate what Jeff mentioned earlier.
 generated this strong growth and profitability and successfully executed on the King Air contract
 While implementing new safety policies and procedures that have kept all of our employees
 and productive as well as protected of partners and constructs.
 The King Air 360 program is just wrapping up with the first production aircraft delivered
 to a customer last month.
 If you get a 260, you schedule for delivery in the third half of 2021.
 shipping thrusters unit to Textron since third quarter and expect orders to
 naturally follow the anticipated increase in production over time.
 In addition to shipping units for installation on the Tinger 360,
 They're also shipping units extra for distribution to the service and test where they have been
 used for retrofit installations.
 As just mentioned, the retrofit opportunity is much greater than the forward fit.
 With about 5,000 guests currently in service,
 which we estimate represents about a 300 million total addressable market.
 At this point, we are certified for retrofit and the beach craft can get 300 series equipped
 with ProLine fusion avionics, and the ProLine 21-aqua
 peachcraft India 200 series.
 Other variations of this SPC are being pursued with some eminence.
 We are consequently also shipping orbital travels to our installation partners where
 the fields many can get owners take the aircraft for service.
 Both organizations are aggressively marketing the retrofit.
 In fact, you are opening an office in Wichita to not only promote the product, but also
 for textual.
 The relationship with Texxon is going well and provides a solid foundation from which
 we expand our oral thrall market.
 only horizontally across India platforms but other OEMs as well as the military.
 We are in conversation with manufacturers of both twin turbo prop, twin jets and multi-engine aircraft with regards to our auto travel.
 Potentially life-saving nature of trussons or multi-engine aircraft is a feature in which
 Virtually all variants have an interest.
 September 2020, we announced that the A3D had certified our synthetic version installation
 and also operate for the eclipsed jet.
 This installation marks Eisenhower's first upgrade directly to Eclipse owners and involves
 of spasio pre-olders.
 The clip zone is now at the benefit of significant functional upgrades and ongoing product support
 directly from the partnership with ISNS.
 review some of our ongoing programs.
 The EC24 program has essentially reached steady state production levels.
 the expected ship close to 50 shipsets in fiscal 2021 to support their current production rate.
 This program remains highly successful.
 Alanis is very satisfied with our performance.
 This program, we believe, is expected to continue to run for many years, offering a predictable, stable, recurring revenue stream.
 Dynamics in the commercial transport market are also essentially unchanged.
 continue to convert 4757 and 767 planes, including upgrades to our flat island displays.
 When we once contracted with large installers, we are not doing more direct sales to carriers
 which has proven much more successful.
 There remains over a thousand operational 75767s that are still in need of retrofitting
 an even larger number of 737s yet to be updated.
 Development work for the U.S. Navy F-5 data computer was completed and we delivered production
 for the U.S. Navy fleet retrofit in the fourth quarter.
 This was a highly successful program and we are now
 setting our attention to foreign military, which also fly the F-5, and would be a large new market for this versatile product.
 A KC-46 program, the Boeing is one of our three OVM production contracts.
 It continues to make steady contribution to our recurring revenue and profitability.
 You ordered in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 for over 3.4 million and backlogged as of September 30, 2020 was 3.6.
 Bookings for the full year.
 were in excess of 19 million.
 Keep in mind that backlog at the end of any one quarter is not necessarily indicative of future business activity.
 We generate a good portion of our revenue from customer service and interquarter book and chip orders.
 The ongoing pandemic has had peripheral effects on our sales and marketing activities, limiting
 our ability to personally meet with customers and prospects.
 But in some complexity, working with the FAA, which is operating on the work from home directive.
 Valence do not believe the pandemic has or will have a significant impact on our business
 and are excited about the prospects of our portfolio of our products.
 Let me send the call back to Jeff for some closing remarks.
 channel, and the rest of our auto-throttles strongly suggest that this strategy is creating
 customers and for our stockholders.
 Considering a new fiscal year with momentum for two years of strong growth, solid balance
 and a portfolio of products that are receiving enthusiastic market receptions.
 You see a great opportunity.
 Thank you for your support today.
 I'll take the questions as required.
 Thank you. We will now begin the question and answer session.
 To ask a question, you may press star then one on your telephone keypad.
 If you're using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys.
 Withdraw your question, please press star then two.
 At this time we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster.
 And the first question will come from David Campbell with Thompson Davis and Company. Please go ahead.
 Good morning, David.
 Hey, good morning Jeff, Raul, and Zaron.
 Thanks for having us as a good quarter.
 Uh, I just wanted to ask, what do you assume, what I should assume for a crude tax rate?
 I would say...
 Will the tax accruals?
 Yeah, there'll be some expense, but it'll be a lesson because we still have some NOLs
 and some R&D tax credits, so I would use,
 use like a 5% effective tax rate type of thing.
 Okay, thanks.
 Thanks.
 and the Surah meant to the king or some LEM and some retrofits or all retrofits.
 I'm at your 20-odd OEM shipments.
 the airplanes haven't come off the line yet.
 a very rapidly growing demand in retrofit.
 But no retrofit meant revenues yet.
 Actually, Textron did an installation in Australia on a retrofit...
 on using our old one.
 We've had a great number of them. We've had, you know, they're local server centers.
 They have a huge network of service centers throughout the world and the very encouraging
 thing is, physically, promoting the...
 It looks better almost every day. It's very good.
 Aha, so you expect those revenues to increase in fiscal twenty-one, right, right, the usual
 this quarter, this December quarter, will have the usual seasonal downturn, is that correct?
 We will do a little better, yeah.
 Okay, well, thanks for answering the questions.
 for more stable and straight, uh, uh, work.
 Look, operation is good. It generates cash every day virtually. It's excellent.
 which is profitable, and as our volume goes up it becomes more profitable.
 See you next time.
 overheads, a lot of ability. So we're very optimistic about the future. We're very pleased about
 of Textron's interest and support in our products,
 opportunity. Listen, we're already delivering five, seven, six, seven systems to another
 a very new demand for...
 I mean, it's business is coming up, and when you consider the other effects of the pandemic,
 Well, you're doing a great job.
 Thanks for all your help.
 We're here, and we're fortunate we have...
 It's very producible.
 We've had a great customer.
 fortunate with that so we just keep working at it you know every day get up
 That's it. Maurice, they kick ass and take names.
 Well, thanks a lot for answering the question.
 I've got to get off my call, but I appreciate all the work you're doing. Thank you.
 Once again, if you have a question, please press star then 1.
 The next question is from Roger Goldman, a private investor.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning, well, and first of all, thanks for a great quarter and a great year.
 It's a valid day.
 My late father's trust in you, as you know.
 And my sister and I are much appreciative.
 I also want to acknowledge the fact that the last quarter and the last year of history,
 but it sounds like you guys have set the company up
 for fabulous growth in the future
 that without being piling on it could make the past look like small potatoes.
 So congratulations on that.
 My question, as it usually is, goes to the use of cash.
 We've got a company with no debt,
 with solid operating profit.
 And even after the dividend, the fair amount of cash on the books, any thoughts of either an acquisition or a small regular cash dividend that I think would have a great impact on the stock price?
 That's my question.
 Some of that I can answer, some of that you can...
 No, I know you can't. I know you can't.
 Absolutely.
 Look we have we know we generate a lot of cash and our interest is we're operating in the business
 not
 Not for us to look at cash that doesn't generate any income at all.
 I mean, I personally have cash accounts
 that they're paying interest in pennies, so.
 Yep, yep, yep.
 We don't know if it's just in doing that anymore.
 if we can reasonably invest it in other things, we're doing some automation on the floor and
 It happens, kind of things.
 Great.
 So we are actually looking at dividends on a long term basis because we believe in the
 will generate cash on a regular basis.
 So, we're conscious, we're very conscious of that.
 Yeah
 that we continue to look at, especially when you light up.
 What might be changes in taxation policy?
 Exactly. Yeah, that's all I can ask for. And again, well done. You guys are doing a great job of positioning this company for the future.
 He missed your dad.
 He was always fun, he's a good guy.
 Well, thank you, we miss them too.
 We miss them too, but I'm hoping after COVID just to come on out there and meet you guys and spend some time. So look forward to it.
 Okay, thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question and answer session.
 I would like to turn the compass back over to management for any closing remarks.
 It appears that our management line is inadvertently disconnected.
 So we thank you everyone for joining today's presentation.
 The call has been completed and you may now disconnect.
 Thanks for watching.
 Take care.