 Thank you very much and welcome everybody to our conference call today on the preliminary numbers for fiscal 2021 for both the Sartorius Group as well as for Sartorius Stadium Biotech.
 As always, I will run this call together with our CFO, Rainer Lehmann, who will walk you
 through the details of our financial results in a minute. Before that I would like to start off by
 talking a little bit about
 maybe the highlights and the most important results of last year.
 I think it's fair to say that 2021 has been an outstanding year for both divisions, very
 strong growth rates that we have achieved in both divisions, both top line
 as well as bottom line.
 we also were able to further strengthen the portfolio of both divisions through acquisitions
 Acquisitions that have been very large, but very relevant and innovative for certain applications
 that our customers that are also addressing new forms of therapies, new modalities for
 such therapeutical areas.
 We also made significant progress in regards to our number of capacity expansion initiatives across the world, actually.
 also here is some more information later on.
 We are giving a forecast for 2022 that is, first of all, leading to a significant double-digit growth rate.
 And of course, a lower growth rate than the one that we have achieved in 2021 for very
 obvious reasons.
 We are also guiding a profitability on the same higher level that we have achieved for
 2021, more details later. As we talked about in the course of last year, we also looked into our
 guidance for the year 2025 and here we are confirming our revenue targets that
 we have substantially upgraded just a year ago and we are now raising the profitability targets
 for both divisions and the group.
 And we would also like to report on the ambitious targets that we have set for a continuous
 reduction.
 of our CO2 emission intensity for the years to come through 2030 and we will
 I'll have a shard that provides quite some details on that later in the presentation as well.
 But with that, I would like to hand over to Rainer.
 Thank you Joachim and also welcome everybody to our today's call
 So if we have a look at some key figures overall, you can say very successful year
 Revenues rose by almost 50% to 3.45 billion.
 billion, actually only a small portion, roughly around five percentage points we attribute
 to mergers and acquisitions.
 and
 the COVID related growth.
 we amounts to roughly 16 percentage points.
 So basically leaving us with a still very solid base growth
 base growth for the overall group, and we'll dig later into the different divisions as
 As usual, water intake rose by 52% to 4.27 billion.
 Here, actually, COVID-related increase around 13 percentage points for the order intake.
 I would like to bring your attention a little bit due to the wallet.
 also talk a little bit about the quarterly development of it because I
 And I think it's important not just to look at the year-end figure, which of course, as
 As I always pointed out in the last calls, we still have a significant spread between
 In order intake and sales revenue, as of the year-end, accumulated around $800 million.
 But if we look at the quarterly development of that book-to-bill ratio, we clearly see
 that we have quite an increase of that ratio.
 quite a strong, stronger order
 intake than revenue.
 In the first three quarters, in the fourth quarter, it dropped then to really normalized levels.
 That's also important later on to keep in mind when Joachim talks about the guidance.
 So it's really a high volatility that we see by the behavior of our customers when they're
 place orders. Coming to the EBITDA, increase on four and a half percentage points to 34.1%
 In absolute values, 1.17 billion.
 Great result.
 what is really the main drivers
 are here, of course, economies of scale.
 we mentioned them beforehand
 once attributed
 to really a deferred cost development,
 especially in the first three quarters
 We are not increasing our cost base as we normally would have thought during a normal year.
 we see actually a pickup in Q4
 That's why you also see on a quarterly basis that our ABDA margin did not continue to increase.
 In addition, we also want to point out that actually the acquisitions are also contributing
 a little bit in our accretive
 in 2021.
 If we look at the regional split of the revenue, and we have on the left-hand side the Americas
 here, very solid performance of our bioprocess solutions division, and LPS here with a dynamic
 growth as well um i have to say bioanalytics of course here leading on the lps side as well the
 the growth, we're very happy with that segment
 and the growth rates and its profitability.
 We'll talk about that when we look into the LPS.
 In EMEA, we see the growth rate of around 51% to 1.4 billion euros.
 Here we have to say we have to split BPS really with significant demand from the vaccine manufacturers.
 So roughly half of the percentage point of the 50% are related really here to the demand
 of vaccine manufacturers, but also on the LPS side, considerable growth in that area.
 In Asia-Pacific, we also grew over 50%, to be specific, 52.3% to 897 million here in
 In this case, BPS, solid performance, as in the previous quarters, and LPS, we also see
 a strong recovery compared to a soft prior year. Keep in mind that in 2020, this region
 was hit the hardest during affected by the shutdowns and we even had a very low even
 with negative growth rates there.
 If you look on the right hand side to the donut chart,
 There's really no major movement in our retail distribution.
 EMEA is still the biggest regions with 41%.
 America 33%, and Asia-Pacific with 26%.
 If we're now looking on the BPS side, order intake, fantastic development in constant
 currencies gross by 57 and a half percent to 3.5 billion here we have roughly seven percentage
 points included from M&A and 15 percentage points from Corona that leaves us still with
 a very high base growth and here to be honest we also still have to factor in that there is this
 changed ordering pattern where we
 see customers placing orders for future periods which is hard to grasp and attribute is it now
 related to the COVID
 tickers or not, so therefore the base number
 very strong, but we all know that the market growth rates are not as strong in that particular area.
 Sales revenues rose to 2.7 billion by almost 55%.
 COVID attributed here 20 percentage points, and the new acquisition contributed around
 five percentage points.
 so very strong performance
 that also is then reflected in a substantial increase
 of our EBITDA margin from 32.3 to 36.2 percentage points.
 So, an increase of 71% to almost a billion to 986 million euros.
 Because here, driver again, as I mentioned on the group level, economies of scale, but
 Also, keep in mind,
 the deferred cost development
 that really only fully hit the P&L in the fourth quarter.
 Again, here, the acquisitions that we did, for example,
 The life...
 Danaher assets that we purchased 2020,
 as well as other acquisitions,
 are accretive to the overall margin.
 When we have a look at the LPS, also very successful here.
 Let's start on the left-hand side with the order intake, grew by 32.5% to 785 million
 euros and it's really nice performance by a bio a portfolio which is very well
 performing in the Americas.
 revenue that increased by 32% to 722 million. M&A playing here a role of six percentage points and
 and COVID also having a minor effect
 of six percentage points in this division.
 The jump in the profitability from 21% to now in 2021 to 26.1%, great achievement.
 Of course, here we also see not only the economies of scale and the partially deferred cost development,
 that, of course, is applicable for both divisions,
 but also the development of the BioA product portfolio that contributed to this development.
 We'll have to look at some other financial key figures.
 The underlying EBTA, I just mentioned it, grows by 70% to 1.17 billion.
 Extra or new items actually went down slightly, mainly as always included or influenced by mergers and acquisitions and certain corporate projects that have a one-time effect.
 And I want to comment a little bit on the financial result, because this one sticks out, although below of our ABTA as a key performance indicator.
 it's really comprised
 of evaluation
 in conjunction with the earn-out liability from the acquisition from via separations.
 So that one amounted to 208 million.
 Let's keep in mind though, this is a non-cash item
 and it's also not relevant for tax.
 So this is really just a valuation entry that, of course, as we have the earn out and we
 We see that it's influenced not only by the increase in share price, but also by the good
 business performance
 from the beer separation folks in 2021.
 Underlying net profit increased by almost 85% to 553 million, and our reported net profit
 for the year.
 increased by 52% to 319 million.
 The strong EVDA, of course, contributed also to a strong operating cash flow.
 we're able to increase it by almost 70% to 866 million euros.
 The investing cash flow is not only comprised by CAPEX, which is roughly around almost 400 million, but, of course, also by the two acquisitions, Cellgenics and Xcel.
 and the CAPEX ratio
 we basically got it there
 12% came in at the end of the day at 11.8%.
 If you look back, actually, at the last three years,
 investments, you can almost say
 we invested almost a billion
 over the last three years into the business
 and specifically there, mainly into production capacities.
 in the next slide we'll have a quick look at some balance sheet figures equity ratio
 pretty much on last year's level,
 All those with strong profitability, of course, and absolute values, our equity increased
 by 360 million, but
 by the increase of our
 capex as well as our working capital, mainly the inventory and the accounts receivable
 side and a little bit of the goodwill, we increased our balance sheet some by 1.2 billion.
 So, therefore, the ratio pretty much stayed the same.
 Of course, it strengthens our financial position nevertheless.
 Net debt, we're able to decrease it by roughly 150 million to 1.7 billion, and you see on
 the right-hand side the development of the in-depthness key figure net depth
 divided by underlying ABTA,
 where we see over the last quarters, eight quarters,
 a nice, let's say, reduction of that key figure
 at year-end of 2021, it amounted to 1.5,
 And we're very happy with that, because it allows us, of course, to give us enough firepower for future acquisitions that, as you know, are still part and are going to be part of the roadmap going forward.
 And with that, actually, I'm going to hand over back to Joachim.
 Thank you very much, Rainer.
 Before I talk about the CO2 target that I already announced that I would talk about,
 I would like to briefly refer to an acquisition that we have announced shortly before Christmas and closed beginning of January.
 we acquired
 automated lab solutions a business that is located in Jena in Germany it is
 is adding to our bioanalytics portfolio in the LPS division.
 It's a rather small company still, but fast-growing and highly profitable.
 it has achieved a high single digit
 million euro revenue last year and a significant double-digit EBTA margin
 employs just around 30 people, has, as I said, some product development as well as manufacturing capacities in Jena.
 The product is a very interesting one, differentiating one for automated analysis, selection, isolation of cells.
 So addressing, as I said earlier, innovative areas for our customers in the fields of cell therapies, for example, gene therapies and some others.
 It adds nicely and complementary to our existing portfolio in bioanalytics, helps our customers
 to accelerate their development processes, particularly.
 We acquired 62.5% of the company for 24 million euros.
 the remaining shares we will acquire in four years from now, in 2026.
 Now I would like to talk about our climate targets.
 We have defined, therefore, a performance indicator, which is the CO2 emission intensity.
 CO2 here, of course, stands for all greenhouse gas emissions.
 so we are talking about co2 equivalent emissions and the emission intensity is
 the emission or are the emissions in proportion in relation to sales. For the
 reference year, which is
 2019 because for that year
 we had all the necessary data available in the best manner.
 this number is 250 gram per euros.
 So, 450,000 tons are related to 1.8 billion euros of sales revenue.
 We have set the target to reduce these emissions by 10% every year.
 This may not sound a lot, but it will lead to a reduction of our CO2 emission intensity
 by
 by almost half to under the year 2025
 and by almost 70% until the year 2030.
 We have defined the intensity
 and not an absolute number here because of our very significant growth
 that we are intending to achieve
 also going forward.
 We have achieved more than 15% average growth rate for the last 10 years, and you know our plans for the path forward.
 So, therefore, an absolute reduction would not be possible regarding the gross emissions.
 And we are talking about gross emissions here by intention.
 measures in the future to also reduce the net reductions beyond what we are planning
 to achieve for the gross reductions, but as in any other area where it is about waste
 or any resource consumption.
 I think it's always important to first reduce
 minimize the gross footprint before you think about compensation measures of
 Of course, this – oh, by the way, I maybe should also say that this number compares to other such numbers in a way that it is more ambitious.
 It's more ambitious than the Fit for 55 program by the EU.
 It's more ambitious than the science-based targets and also more ambitious than the number that we know from customers and suppliers.
 Of course, sometimes we are talking about absolute reduction targets that have been defined and we have translated them into approximate intensity reduction targets, as you can see there on the right-hand side.
 So an ambitious target that, of course, can only be achieved at a certain cost.
 We are projecting those measures to cost around one percentage point of sales revenue going forward for the year 2025.
 We rather anticipate half a percentage point.
 And we mentioned that on the two charts later in the presentation, where we talk about our
 forecast for 2022 and our ambition for 2025 again.
 So first of all, 2022, we are shooting for 14% to 18% growth in sales revenue in constant
 currency. This should include one percentage point of non-organic growth
 both related to the acquisitions that have been mentioned.
 So the two that we have closed in 2021,
 one, Cygenics and Xcel, as well as the one of ALS that has closed at the beginning of
 this year.
 Of course, it doesn't include any possible further acquisitions, as always.
 In such case, we would update our guidance.
 For the BPS division, we are planning for a 16% to 20% top line growth, and for the
 lab division 6 to 10 percent.
 Of course, both growth numbers are well below the very high growth numbers that we have
 achieved for 2021, but they are based on the assumption that we will not see any growth
 of the pandemic-related business. We are planning for the same level of such business at around 500
 million euros in total so in other words we are talking about a portion of our business that we
 We expect to not grow.
 means that the, let's call it the base business, we expect to grow a bit higher
 than the number that you can see here and we also believe that the ordering
 pattern of our customers that has also influenced the development of our base business to some extent
 will normalize
 one way or the other
 I'm saying one way or the other, which means we don't believe that this necessarily will
 be a very straight line, but it's really difficult, if not impossible, to make any meaningful
 projection
 all this
 exactly will look like quarter by quarter or so
 but we believe that this
 will rather be the case in a full year's perspective.
 as set
 the margin
 that we are projecting here
 includes half a percentage point
 additional cost half percentage point of sales as additional cost and we are
 planning to achieve
 34% for the group
 36% for BPS and 26% for LDS,
 or in other words, the same significantly higher level
 for both divisions and the group higher level
 in comparison to what we were starting
 off into
 back into 2021.
 The reason here is that we are not planning for a further increase of margins
 is besides the additional spending for CO2 emission intensity reduction measures that
 We have added significant personnel.
 We always were talking about that during last year, that significant hirings in non-manufacturing functions like sales and marketing, product development and some others, largely only started after the last phase of lockdowns and therefore took place very much in the second half of the year, even accelerated in Q4 in comparison to Q3.
 Therefore, we will see the full year's effect of such cost development only in 2022.
 So how we would look on that is that we see a continuous effectiveness of our business model and its economies of scale.
 and the deviation from that
 is that there is an addition
 profitability kicker in 2021 because of this deferred cost development.
 And so I wouldn't consider 2022 to somehow represent a dip.
 The opposite is that we saw an additional peak in 2021.
 CapEx, we are planning to be 14%, which would translate into a number somewhere around 550 million euros, maybe slightly above.
 So, another year of very significant investment into additional manufacturing capacities across the globe in also different product segments.
 As you can imagine, given the strong growth, we had to pull forward a number of capacity
 expansions, we largely expand existing facilities, be it in Yauco, North America, be it in Germany,
 near diverse locations,
 So be it in France or also in China, for example, in Korea, we are planning to start a significant investment as well, as we see the market and also our market position there evolving very, very positively.
 Now I would like to shift the perspective
 towards the year 2025.
 I said at the beginning that we are not changing our top line guidance here.
 we keep that at 5 billion euros quite some of you have asked for our
 perspective on that in the course of last year and we said well yeah we
 believe that we have to have an eye on the profitability target but we believe
 that for 2025 it's not meaningful at this point in time to plan for any
 pandemic related business
 and we
 We stick to this perspective.
 this is an assumption
 not necessarily a prediction
 but we simply believe it's too early to make any quantitative prediction
 regarding corona-related, pandemic-related business in the year 2025.
 I think as of now, maybe one would say, well, yeah, more likely than not, there will be
 a smaller number of corona vaccine doses being produced and applied in the year 2025 plus there
 There will be maybe, to some extent, vaccines available for both the ordinary flu and corona.
 so that the net
 effect of such
 business will be even lower so but because of the difficulty or the
 possibility to quantify that at this point we are basing our 2025 projection
 on the assumption that there will be no such business.
 so and that means
 The best comparison to this goal for 2025 is the year 2019, the last year before the pandemic.
 And as you can see from this chart, that means that we are actually planning for a combined annual growth rate from 19 to 25 of 18 percent on average.
 So, and very obviously, our growth, excluding Corona, therefore has been 27% for the two years, on average, for the two years from 19 to 21.
 And this, in our view, is above the fundamental market growth, partially driven by effects
 that we have mentioned today, but also mentioned throughout last year already
 that we see a kind of, you know, like second level
 or second-round effect from the different ordering behavior of customers that we don't
 think should be the basis of future projections.
 So, and what we therefore are planning for is a compound annual growth rate from 21 to 25 of 14%,
 which is pretty much the number that we have been growing at for the last, as I said before, 10 years probably.
 So that is the logic of our top-line target setting for 2025.
 And on the last chart for our presentation on the Satorius Group, you therefore can see
 that we stick to the target of $3.8 billion for sales of the BPS division,
 1.2 billion for lps in total the 5 billion i was talking about but for the margin we are
 now projecting 36%
 for BPS and 28 for LPS that's an increase by two respectively three percentage points and for the
 group of 34%, which is
 a shift by
 2%
 percentage points upwards.
 As mentioned before, for the year 2025, we are expecting the additional expenses for reduction measures regarding greenhouse gassing measures to be around 1% of sales.
 this is included here and we still expect as before some dilution rather to play a
 role from further acquisitions going forward. Of course that can be different
 as it has been for most of the more recent acquisitions,
 like the businesses that we have acquired from Danaher and others that we have mentioned here today already.
 but our assumption
 for our
 2025 profitability target
 is that there will be rather a dilution
 for maybe two years or something
 after acquisition until those
 businesses perform on the same level
 as the group does today or the respective division does today
 and that's how we are setting up
 this project so
 I would now like to leave our presentation on the Sartorius group and briefly talk about Sartorius Stadium biotech.
 I would like to do this as usually in a quite lean way
 because most of the numbers
 are very close to those
 that Rainer was talking about
 for the BPS division
 and even some financial key figures are very similar, except for a few that I will talk about in a second.
 So, sales revenue growth, 2.5% for SSB, order intake, growth, even 3 percentage points higher.
 70% increase of our EBTA which has reached 35.8% and came in at a bit more
 than one billion euros underlying earnings per share up to seven euro 46 it's an increase by
 79%.
 The pandemic-related
 effect you see in the two bullet points below for sales revenue 18% and for for
 M&A
 for order intake 13 and respectively 7 percentage points.
 We indeed have seen for this business very much the effect that Raina was elaborating on,
 that the orders were particularly high around the mid of the year.
 We have seen this increase kicking in towards the end of the year and acceleratingly kicking
 in towards the end of the year of 2020, peaking around mid of 2021, normalizing towards the
 end of 2021 and that leads us to confirming what we were talking about
 for many quarters now
 when we were very much
 elaborating on and always
 insisting on the different ordering
 patterns of our customers
 that this has played a role
 and that has to be expected that there will be a phase of normalizing
 or one could say a time of a phase out of this behavior.
 Yeah, the very significant increase of the EBTA margin is obvious and has been seen,
 has to do with the communities of scale
 and deferred cost development as talked about.
 The geographical pattern of our growth is quite similar to what Rainer has presented
 for the group, so I
 don't think that I should again
 talk about that very lengthy. The strong operating cash flow has led to
 or the strong results regarding
 our
 indebtedness ratio etc
 which I will show in a second.
 You can see here the underlying ABDA, the not very high extraordinary items, financial result.
 Reiner made a comment on, therefore strong operating cash flow, investing cash flow includes
 the two divisions that have been mentioned
 and the significant
 investments and the CapEx ratio came in
 where we basically projected it to come in.
 Financial indicators remain on a very solid level.
 These numbers, of course, look a little bit different than for the group, particularly the net debt to underlying APTA ratio is on a very low level at 0.4 as projected.
 Guidance for 2022 is 14% to 18% for Sartorio-State and Biotech.
 This number should include one percentage point of growth by the acquisitions of Celgenix and Xcel.
 and the underlying EBITDA margin we project to come in above 35 percent so
 Also here, all the comments that I've made before are relevant, both regarding CO2 emission
 intensity reduction measures and the related costs, as well as the aspect of the deferred
 cost development, and also I would like to highlight that the
 around 500 million euros of
 corona related business
 We expect to remain on that level.
 So therefore, as rather a, even though it sounds strange maybe, or contraintuitive,
 but this we expect to dilute growth in the year 2022.
 CapEx ratio expectation 14 and a half percent and a further reduction of our indebtedness ratio.
 For 2025, I don't want to show the same chart again regarding the mechanics that we don't
 anticipate, as of today, any corona-related business to play a role in 2025, but, of course,
 the um the conclusion is the same that we don't change the sales revenue target for ssb
 We leave it at 4 billion euros, and we are also projecting, therefore, very much in sync
 with what we have talked about before, an EBITDA margin of above 35%, which is an increase
 in comparison to the previous guidance by two percentage points.
 And again, I would like to remind you of the second bullet point here.
 this includes already 1% of additional expenses related to the reduction
 of our CO2 emission intensity in the year 2025.
 Yeah, and with that, I would like to finish our presentation, and we are looking forward to your questions.
 Thanks for listening.
 Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will begin the question and answer session.
 Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star followed by one on their touchtone telephone.
 If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star followed by two.
 If you are using speaker equipment today, please lift the handset before making your selections.
 Anyone who has a question may press star followed by one at this time.
 one moment for the first question please the first question is from Petrina
 Kakota with UBS. Your question, please.
 Hello, this is Petrina Karkota from UBS.
 Two questions from my side, please.
 So first one, if we strip out COVID from 2021 and 2022, the underlying growth in the guidance
 is around 16 to 21%.
 And if we strip it out from 2021 and calculate the CAGR to 2025, it's 14%.
 So where is that delta coming from between the growth near term versus long term?
 And my second one, the order intake.
 saw, as you said, the steeper
 stepped down in Q4.
 And you mentioned this is due to normalizing order patterns.
 Could you provide the additional color regarding what you see for the next quarters?
 Do you expect customers to place orders far less out?
 And is there a risk of inventory work down?
 Thank you so much.
 Yeah, thank you very much for these two questions.
 I guess they are quite related to each other because they are
 addressing the the same topic which is what we are you know like to to to
 describe and a bit label by different ordering pattern that we have seen in
 partly already in 2020 and quite to some extent in the year 2021.
 and that both leads to these different growth expectations
 or a growth expectation that is lower than the most recent growth.
 And then, of course, the more near-term question is the one that you have then phrased by saying,
 okay, how could that look like backwater?
 so
 um
 As I said before, and before means we started to talk about that in the course of 2020 even,
 that we said when we define our
 corona related business then we really said okay what part of our business is
 with the developers and manufacturers of corona vaccines or
 therapeutics or tests and test kits. So that is how we have defined that, that
 is what our numbers tell you. But then there are effects that are related very
 much to the longer lead times that we have seen in the market. We actually
 believe we have performed quite well we have got very positive feedback by
 customers that we were rather
 doing very well in the competitive landscape regarding keeping our lead times halfways under
 control, but when I say halfway is under control that means they are still, and have been,
 throughout the last couple of months,
 longer than they usually are
 Such a situation, of course, triggers then a different ordering pattern
 and even emphasizes and amplifies a certain risk-averse behavior of customers
 who said, well, let's rather make sure
 that we have higher stock levels probably than we had before.
 and that may even mean
 across the different
 the different
 levels on their stock so even finished goods maybe or goods that they purchase
 from us, be it filters, be it backs, and whatsoever.
 So therefore, we believe that the growth rate
 that we have shown to you also.
 The growth rate, 27%, on average, from 2019 to 2021, doesn't represent the fundamental underlying market growth.
 Now, how much of this temporary effect, which is basically a pull-forward effect, did we see?
 That is, quite frankly, hard to say.
 maybe 5 percentage points, something like that, which would total to something like 10% of business in total,
 because 5% per year roughly sums up to something like 10% in total.
 So, but those 10%, roughly, have to be somehow, you know, like, transpire out at some point along the, yeah, basically the time, along the time horizon.
 And that is what we are anticipating.
 payday. But it's
 really difficult to say
 to what extent
 that will play a role within the next
 quarters. This has to do also with the overall supply chain situation, even outside maybe our
 sector, because, I mean, you can see this all over the place, that people are behaving a bit more
 even though maybe the stress isn't so narrow, but they see difficult and strained supply chains in other sectors.
 So, and that is what we see.
 We simply would say 27% is not the underlying market growth, and that's why we believe it wouldn't be the right yardstick for any assumption going forward, but rather the opposite.
 one would have to deduct a certain number
 that has to be
 uh...
 somehow got out of the system, most likely at some point in time.
 so that's all
 But having said that, what is really important to me, in our sector, my observation at least, we luckily have predominantly long-term oriented investors.
 and whenever you are long-term oriented
 it.
 advise you not to put too much emphasis on such a short-term, relatively short-term effect.
 We have seen that for completely different reasons before.
 I mean, now it sounds like an old anecdote, but 15 years ago, we have seen, after a phase
 of high investments into capacities for monoclonal antibody manufacturing and
 And then there was a very, very poor year in between because everybody realized that there was too much manufacturing capacity.
 but you know in the long run
 this didn't play any
 role at all
 so what we try to do here is
 quite frankly manage
 short-term expectation
 a little bit on the best level that we can
 But we cannot give, nobody can, give you more color regarding the different quarters.
 even though our customers can't give this to us.
 So, therefore, we can't share anything with you beyond this.
 manage those short-term expectations, but I strongly would emphasize at the same time,
 We have fully intact very positive fundamentals in this market for many reasons
 You
 So the next question is from the line of Richard Fosser with J.P. Morgan.
 Your question, please.
 Thanks very much for taking my questions.
 So, first question is on acquisition intensity.
 So just thinking about relatively limited acquisitions, as you stated, in 22 and probably 20, sorry, 21 and 20.
 so how should we think about that for 22 and the next few years
 Are you still anticipating M&A generating about 20% of the growth on your midterms?
 on the COVID revenues. So beyond 22, I know you've said nothing in the guidance for 25,
 But should we anticipate 23 being a fade towards nothing in 25 or a steep drop down in 23?
 any colour
 Are there any thoughts you can give at the moment?
 would would be useful um and then if i if i could as well just just back on the order book normalization
 So should we anticipate, I think you said the order book is at a more normal level for Q4.
 so is that the sort of order book level we should think for the rest of for the
 quarters going through 22 and then just on the timing of delivery of the order book is it is it
 You talked about longer lead times, but are we still anticipating sort of the majority,
 sort of three quarters being consumable and being delivered in say the first half
 of the year in terms of the order book at the end of the year of 21 the first half of 22 being
 delivered or should we think about it being delivered a bit longer than that so thanks very
 much.
 Yeah, quite a number of questions.
 So on the acquisition intensity, as you called that, well, I would say we did quite a number
 of acquisitions, but I would agree
 those that we have closed
 that we have agreed upon
 in 2020 and 21 have been rather small ones.
 the closing of the acquisition of the businesses from Danaher has also been
 taking place in 2020 and hasn't been that that small so it depends a little
 bit on the perspective, but it's correct
 that we are also planning for further acquisitions.
 We think that maybe the proportional relevance of acquisitions could be a little bit larger in LPS than in BPS.
 And I think you can read that also from the numbers that this is the current projection.
 But, of course, with M&A, it's always difficult to make such projections.
 this could then also be a little bit different and then may lead to of course
 maybe some updates regarding the the the outlook on the top line but that is the
 basis of
 how we are setting up this projection, but definitely we believe to continue making
 acquisitions going forward.
 So, yeah, COVID-related business in 2023, honestly, too early to make any quantitative
 comment. It's not very
 likely that there is a sharp
 cliff
 like, you know, business as we project today in 2022 and then no business in 2023.
 So I would rather expect that to be a more transient effect and trend.
 But bear with us.
 give us a little bit
 a few more quarters until
 we can talk about that in a more educated manner.
 on the request regarding
 order book maybe just for to making sure that we are talking about the the same uh numbers uh ryan
 Anna and I were talking about the order intake, and then you, of course, can also translate
 that into a book-to-bill ratio, if you will, and the order intake wasn't normalizing very much,
 in particularly Q4 has shown that and by the way not that that wasn't the
 surprise.
 Yeah, maybe
 that would be anyhow one headline for what we are talking about here no surprise even I mean maybe
 that sounds a little bit odd in the face of so many volatilities here, but we were talking
 about that throughout last year, that we said we do see this different ordering pattern
 and this will change again, and that we have seen.
 So no surprise at all.
 So, but of course, we still have an accumulated order book that is higher than it has been before.
 so if you look on the book
 to bill ratio not on a quarterly basis
 But on an annual basis, then our book-to-bill ratio is significantly higher for 2021 than it has been for the years before the pandemic.
 So, therefore, we are starting with quite a healthy order book into the year 2022.
 But again, now it depends on how this exactly will materialize, what we are expecting to happen at some point.
 And that is, again, that customers will normalize also their stock-level management, for instance.
 And then we might see even quarters with what could be perceived by some people as relatively
 sort of things.
 soft oil reintake.
 That is incorporated in our projection to some extent.
 So that is what is important for me to say here.
 We are expecting this normalization, and that includes that in comparison to this very high order intake
 that we have seen in some quarters last year in particular as we talked about that order intake
 might be below that level, but that would still support the guidance that we are sharing
 here with you for the year 2022.
 lead time.
 Yeah, lead times, of course, are a function of the book-to-bill ratio, you could say, and vice versa.
 book-to-bill ratio partially is a function of the lead time.
 So, and that is what I meant before.
 there is this self-amplifying effect to some extent.
 And
 and
 They are still for sure higher, longer than they have been before the pandemic.
 They are partially influenced also by constraints within the supply chains.
 We believe that the supply chain is a very important thing.
 believe that we will see such constraints for most of 2022, but we also would anticipate
 nevertheless that by the end of the year 2022 lead times are closer to normality again because of
 what we are anticipating regarding motor intake because of the significant
 expansions of manufacturing capacities and because of hopefully also the
 lifting of some of the constraints
 in the supply chains
 and
 And regarding mix, I can confirm what you said, that we still are seeing very much a
 mix of two-thirds of consumables and other recurring business, 25% of non-recurring business,
 which is largely instruments and equipment for bioprocessing.
 When we talk about the bioprocess division, when we talk about the lab division,
 the ratio is a little bit different, but also more than 50% is recurring turnover by now.
 Thanks very much, Joaquin.
 The next question is from the line of Patrick Wood with Bank of America.
 Your question, please.
 Perfect. Thank you very much.
 I'll keep it to two please
 not to return to the same
 point that I guess you guys have been talking about before
 about the sort of higher than normal growth rates recently.
 But, you know, it seems like it's been kind of two years or now.
 And I get that, you know, it's not sustainable.
 I'll totally understand that.
 But I'm just trying to understand.
 Do you really think inventory rates that customers have gone up that high?
 I mean, double ordering for kind of 48 months seems like quite a long time.
 I mean, maybe do you have any sort of KPIs around number of new customers
 or are you having conversations with some larger customers
 where they're accelerating the shift, say, in fermentation to single use.
 So I'm trying to understand what are the moving parts other than just, say, inventory build might be able to account for it.
 Or do you really think it is just all sort of built up within the channel?
 So that's the first question.
 and then the second one's a little shorter.
 maybe just any comment on pricing
 if you guys have managed to push
 giving me a so capacity constraint, any price increases through to the customers and how
 that have been received.
 Thanks.
 Yeah, thanks, Patrick. Indeed, two relevant points.
 The first point maybe helps to indeed put a little bit more spotlight on the growth of the
 non-corona related business and we were indeed talking about the effect that comes from this
 different ordering pattern by
 customers but that
 shouldn't mean at all that this is the only growth driver.
 So we clearly are talking about a very healthy market.
 for many reasons.
 basically all the fundamental drivers
 that we usually
 are talking about a lot and have talked about
 a lot and predominantly before the corona situation are fully intact and are more relevant
 and stronger than maybe five years ago.
 So therefore, what we have seen during the last two years is indeed a very healthy, fundamental market situation.
 And on top of that, we got the pandemic with these two effects, the very direct effect, additional demand, and then this like second round effect triggered by lead time, lead time, longer lead times and so on.
 I don't want to get into that again.
 And the fundamental drivers that have played a role are substantial investments into additional capacities needed for new drugs.
 we on average have seen throughout the last five years a
 a nice and relatively high number of new drug approvals, higher than in the five years before.
 are seeing expansions of production volumes in established drugs, by and large.
 have seen very successful launches of biosimilars. Hand-in-hand with most of
 of those effects.
 we have seen a substantial expansion, let's say, of the geographical footprint of the
 biopharmaceutical industry i.e. much more manufacturing capacities now also in
 Asia in particular and respective investments and respective of course also recurring business
 that is particularly the case
 for China and also South Korea.
 And we see, maybe to elaborate a little bit more on these newly approved drugs, we see,
 of course a very
 a promising pipeline of new drugs
 where partially all the clinical material is produced in an increasing volume.
 some drugs have made it to the market
 already in the area of cell and gene therapy.
 so all those fundamentals
 are fully intact.
 very strong and has of course led to quite a strong underlying market growth.
 Maybe as a reminder, the fundamental market growth, that we always have said,
 that should be the underlying growth of our end market. We said, and that is what all the most
 recent pre-pandemic projections have set should be in the very high single digit range, maybe
 max 10 percent so let's say for the simplicity 10 percent now we have achieved 27 percent
 percent yeah so and even if you exclude M&A it's a
 significantly higher number.
 So we believe that the underlying growth over the last two years has been significantly stronger than it has been before.
 So we have seen really very strong development of the base business.
 you know, pulled forward capacity expansions, be it maybe also a higher stock level in finished goods
 and so on and so forth.
 difficult to quantify, but that is how we would read those numbers on price. As
 As a result of the stressed supply chains, we do see some price increases.
 Of course, we do see it for logistic services, but we also see it for some of the products, materials, and components that we are purchasing.
 and we are
 have started to pause those
 price increases forward.
 customers that that hasn't played much of a role in the recent one or two years
 but it should play a role somewhere maybe around or close to the 5% mark in the year 2022.
 Very clear. Thank you for the answers.
 the next question is from the line of Paul Knight was keeping your question
 please.
 Thank you.
 Hi, Joaquin.
 The emergence of cell therapy and mRNA
 does that
 benefit your business
 more than
 monoclonal antibodies? What's your outlook for that market? And then lastly,
 does this broaden your acquisition
 an opportunity as those
 categories of new therapies emerge. Thank you.
 so maybe
 on the last question
 first
 yes
 there are
 are now additional technological segments, certain types of innovation that are of interest
 for us and in that and from that perspective it has broadened also you
 You know, the playing field, the number of opportunities for acquisitions.
 That's definitely the case.
 Does it, or is it more interesting than monoclonal antibodies in regards to the consumption of products from us when it comes to the manufacturing of mRNA or cell therapies?
 that's a little bit more difficult to answer
 because now, unfortunately, one has to say,
 Oh, no, it really depends.
 because the processes can look very different.
 For mRNA, the process is very, very different.
 we have a significant footprint
 in the respective manufacturing
 hard to do a one-to-one
 In comparison, I would say the business opportunity there is maybe by and large the same.
 For cell therapies, it could be even larger going forward.
 But that, again, depends very much on how those production processes look like.
 the variety of production
 processes
 can be very different
 will be or diverse
 and will be very diverse
 going forward so therefore hard to answer but what one can say is we do have relevant
 partially essential technologies for all those modalities and I guess that
 That will remain being a very dynamic and promising area for us.
 The next question is from the line of Delphine Lehou with Société Générale.
 your question, please.
 Mr. and Mrs. Delphine Lelouet.
 from the sides?
 Yes, please go ahead.
 Good afternoon, everybody.
 Congratulations for this outstanding result this year and of course last year.
 question if I may.
 strike me, although the result is definitely
 easier.
 amazing performance you've been seeing
 in APAC, in the Asian
 region.
 So I was wondering, can you be more precise in giving us the reason for that?
 Is it due to new clients?
 Is it due to new drugs?
 I know you've been talking a bit about China expansion.
 Is it just an increase in terms of market share?
 So can you let us know a bit more about what's going on in Asia
 and how we should look at Asia by year 25.
 Second question deals with the capex.
 Joachim, I don't know if you do remember, but last year you were also targeting
 14%.
 Um,
 revenue as a capex for the year, it comes to be lower.
 what makes you confident today to achieve again 40% of revenue in capex are we getting
 into a new cycle of expansion.
 Can you let us know your thoughts on that?
 Thank you.
 Yeah, thank you for these two questions.
 Maybe on the second one first.
 You are absolutely right.
 We started off into the year with a capping guidance of 14%, and then we lowered it to 12%, and that is also where we came in.
 but the 14% related to the initial top-line growth guidance,
 which has been at the beginning of the year 2021 19 to 25 percent and therefore
 basically what we what we've finished off the year with has been pretty much
 pretty much exactly the euro number that we were started off into the year as well so so therefore
 it really has to do with the top-line reference number, so to say.
 And we could execute on all the initiatives pretty much to the extent that we planned for.
 So really no impact through the pandemic or so.
 On all sides, we were able to pretty much execute those projects.
 And for 2022, we would expect the same, right?
 As I said before, we even see a higher capex probably in 2022.
 And the reason is really that we are continuing to execute on our capacity expansion program at an accelerated speed.
 speed, we had to pull forward capacity expansions, particularly when it comes to filter manufacturing
 and back manufacturing, but also in the instruments and system space, really across the board
 because our growth, we didn't talk about that much.
 we didn't mention that
 But what is really a nice feature is all of our business segments, all of our product segments are growing very, very nicely.
 So we don't have any, you know, there is no clustering of demand.
 So we really see that all of our products are and product segments are relevant and attractive to customers.
 and that means that we really have to pull forward
 of such expansion plans.
 Maybe one last word, what also plays a role is here,
 that we have started to invest significantly
 into own capacities for cell culture media,
 which really plays a role here as well.
 So, and then on APEC,
 Maybe to put some color to it, we see an effect from the pandemic demand of around 18 percentage points for APEC,
 a prox as well so that
 hasn't been particularly a high that means that the underlying growth
 indeed has been very strong in APEC, and what we see here is substantial
 investments by customers, as you said, in China, but also in Korea, a lot into
 additional capacities
 and also quite a significant utilization of these capacities.
 China, of course, is very consequently executing on their agenda to become increasingly independent from imports of medicines.
 that is part of their agenda.
 you know they have their China for China agenda
 but they also have a particular or a specific agenda
 for the healthcare sector
 and the biopharma sector in particular.
 And Korea, what plays here a role, of course, is that Korea has become the hub or one of
 the most important hubs, to say the least, for contract manufacturing, Samsung Biologics
 has to be named here the first, but also some others like Celtrion for example and
 yeah, and we see substantial growth of the business that we have in those
 markets with such customers. Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Ed Ridley Day with Redburn.
 Your question, please.
 Good afternoon and also congratulations on the numbers and indeed the new emissions initiative
 on single use
 I had a question
 Could you give us a little bit more colour
 if we could speak to last year's numbers
 of the split in your bioprocessing sales
 between single-use and stainless steel.
 just a rough guide on that would be helpful and also um perhaps you could give us some color on
 where you see your market share is relative to your wider market share in single use.
 Yeah, so our recurring revenue is a good 75% of our total revenue in the bioprocessing domain.
 And most of that are consumable.
 consumables.
 Roughly 75% of our BPS sales are consumables.
 In the lab domain, this is around 40%, and that means for the Sartorius group, in total, this number is just a little bit below 70%.
 So roughly two-thirds of our sales revenue of the group are single-use products.
 And this number is not changing very much year-on-year.
 that has to do with the fact that we still see
 and we expect that also going forward
 for the next couple of years
 There is still a lot of investments into additional and new manufacturing capacities in particular,
 also into new laboratories and then you always see these investments into
 systems and instruments we are like front-running and the utilization and
 consumption of consumables only kicking in then later.
 Sure.
 or there's, yeah, and therefore there's
 no big shift.
 shift.
 Maybe one word, I'm sure you are aware of that.
 For example, when it comes to the packaging, but also there are some opportunities maybe regarding the design of the product.
 and then in the long run
 but really only the long run
 hopefully also a substitution of oil-based
 plastics by other
 plastic raw materials
 but besides that
 what is really important
 is to highlight that
 the overall ecological footprint
 in most applications
 is smaller for single-use product than for stainless steel.
 And not only because stainless steel is also a product that requires substantial consumption of diverse, you know, material and energy, etc.
 to very substantial emissions, related emissions, particularly energy, but also a high level
 of water consumption, which we believe will become an increasing focus of environmental
 concern going forward.
 So I really would like to, you know, make the point that the plastic that we are using,
 and particularly the use of our plastic products shouldn't be mixed up with maybe some other
 plastics where one could say, well, one should maybe reduce that consumption going forward.
 Our market share, you know, varies both for instruments as well as plastic-based or single-use products, depending on the area where we are or the type of product we are talking about.
 I think maybe it's fair to say that for most product segments, our market share is somewhere in the 20, 30, sometimes up to 40 percent range.
 So that's basically the range where we typically have our market share.
 but I wouldn't say that there is
 you know, the one number for single-use and the one number for multi-use that makes a lot of sense to use here.
 Does that help you?
 No, it does. Thank you very much. No, that's good.
 The next question is from the line of Hugo Solvet with PNB Paridas.
 your question, please.
 Hi, thanks for taking my questions.
 on the COVID guide
 for 2022 uh which has been left and changed uh at about 500 million since uh you first
 laid out that guidance in the 3Q call.
 We have had the lowering age of eligibility, boosters, increased purchase agreements, and so on and so forth.
 So what's the main driver for leaving this guidance and change at this stage?
 And have you started to see within your COVID sales a shift of the mix towards more consumables?
 That would be my first question.
 And then a quick follow-up on CapEx, given that you've pulled forward several capacity expansion projects already, what should we assume as CapEx to sales ratio from 2023 onwards?
 Thank you.
 Yeah, thank you.
 Thank you for those questions.
 Yeah, you're right.
 we were
 touching upon
 our view regarding
 a corona-related business, particularly a vaccine manufacturing, already three months ago and
 elaborating on
 our view that 2022 may look quite similar to 2021 overall. The reason why we didn't change that is
 because
 and most realistic expectation. The dominant manufacturer of vaccines in 2021 in the western world
 has been Pfizer-BioNTech. The guidance that they have given for example at the
 the JP Morgan conference not very long ago.
 basically also
 confirms this view.
 They are planning very much with the same level of manufacturing and the same level of sales revenue.
 the only thing that might have changed is at what point in time they think they
 will shift towards the next generation
 in the sense of an adaptation to the Omicron variant.
 probably the same for Moderna
 We wouldn't anticipate as of now
 that
 the other
 vaccines that come
 on the market now should change this picture very much.
 Thank you very much.
 also would
 not anticipate that
 once maybe this
 Omicron wave is over
 that then, you know, the demand for vaccination completely implodes
 because that would mean even that
 Maybe there is less business than, particularly, by the way, maybe for the manufacturers as such than for us, than projected so far.
 so long story short
 we still believe that this is the most
 meaningful assumption
 for several reasons
 you know, to the best of our knowledge, today.
 The mix didn't change so much because also throughout 2021, of course at the beginning of
 2021, we have seen predominantly systems being ordered by those manufacturers, but other
 than in other cases where you really see sometimes a gap between 12 and 24 months between ordering
 in equipment, then starting manufacturing, this went hand in hand.
 They got the equipment and basically qualified it, validated it, went into manufacturing.
 So we had substantial sales of consumables already back in 2021.
 so there is no
 shift that is
 of any material relevance
 for the overall business
 how we anticipated to be in 2022.
 And then you were asking for the trend in capex.
 Well, I would not like to give a number here, as you know, there would be anyway a missing
 piece, and that's the top-line guidance for the year 2023, so therefore to save anything
 for 2023 now is difficult. What we would expect is that we should see more normal levels of capex
 ratio towards the end of this mid-term cycle that we are talking about. So the one until 2025,
 And we typically say that there is like a hard core of our capex that is related to capitalized R&D and maintenance capex.
 And this should add up to something like a good 3%.
 so then there's the remaining like average level of capex related to
 capacity expansion, which should
 be then maybe somewhere around the five percentage points or so so so the sum then should be somewhere
 in the upper single digit range but that is that's even not a calculation that that is
 to try to give you a little bit of feeling for the composition and how I
 I would think about that, but
 But for 2023, I think the number will look a little bit different.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question is from the line of Odysseus Manisiotis from Berenberg Bank.
 Your question, please.
 How are you?
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 Just to follow up from Paul's question on the cell engine therapy opportunity,
 you seem to be getting a strong hold of this market
 particularly following your acquisitions
 over the past couple of years
 I know it's a hard question to answer, but do you have a rough estimate at this point in time
 of watcher of this pipeline
 you're currently exposed to.
 I've been hearing that there's some areas like fermentation and chromatography that you currently have more than a 60% share.
 and the short follow-up on that.
 a customer of yours recently
 mentioned that they are seeing the cell and gene therapy part of their business
 grow higher than initially expected.
 Is that an impact you've been seeing on your side as well?
 Thank you.
 Yeah, we would share that view that the evolution of this segment has accelerated and looks
 very promising and maybe even more promising than a few years ago. Pipelines
 have been filled so and that is one element of what we were talking about a
 a little bit earlier today
 when we said that the market fundamentals
 all look very positive, look positively and promising.
 and that for sure holds true
 particularly for the
 set of gene therapy
 segment. A little bit more tricky is maybe the first part of your question
 when you said okay how how well are we positioned basically in in in this very market segment in
 in comparison to other market segments.
 And the reason why I find that a bit tricky to answer is because it's still a very young market.
 And that means not only that there is a lot of growth to be expected, but there's also a lot of innovation to be expected.
 And a lot of innovation, not only regarding new therapies based on that technology, but also innovation regarding the technologies that are used to manufacture such therapeutics.
 We believe we indeed have invested
 into very relevant
 technologies that are needed across different cell and gene therapies and
 cell culture media and essential performance-relevant ingredients of cell culture media is a very
 important and also robust space to be, but for sure I would find it too early to make
 any, you know, assessment to say,
 and our position in this market
 is whatever
 stronger or whatsoever
 than in the more mature market segment
 of monoclonal antibodies.
 bodies but
 I, you know, but I don't want to sound negatively here.
 I just want to say it's a bit too early
 consider ourselves to be well positioned
 but
 for sure more innovation to come
 more activities to be taken by us
 and that might also include further acquisitions.
 Understood.
 that's very clear
 and another small follow-up
 uh so on your historical coverage vaccine contribution estimates for on the bps business
 I'm thinking
 how is it for you to exactly know what your customers are using your equipment for basically
 if you had to add a margin of error
 to your 20% coronavirus vaccine-related benefit in 2021 for the division,
 what would that be?
 So, you are asking for how precisely we know the numbers regarding what for our products
 are used when it comes to vaccine manufacturing, or what's the...
 Yeah, exactly.
 for vaccine manufacturing
 the visibility
 is
 is, I would say, good.
 But I wouldn't say it's like a scientifically precise number.
 Let's put it that way.
 because
 if you
 sell a product to BioNTech, that simple. When you sell a product to Pfizer, it's
 It's not that simple.
 When you sell a product to Lonza or other contract manufacturers, then it's even more
 complicated.
 And of course, our customers partially give us quite precise guidance, and that has been
 particularly the case, of course, when everybody was working hard on ramping up
 backseat manufacturing capacities as quick as possible, and therefore it's a good visibility,
 I wouldn't say that this 500
 is a
 as I said
 is scientifically
 precise number.
 and that is even more the case
 as soon as we are talking about that but smaller portion that is related to, for example, you know, test kits or therapeutics, etc.
 So, good visibility, but not 100%.
 Okay?
 Perfect. Thank you for the clear answer.
 So I think it's very helpful.
 Thank you very much
 There is one follow-up, obviously.
 The last question is from the line of
 Hugo Solvet with a BNP Paribas.
 Your question, please.
 Thanks for the quick follow-up.
 on the
 based on the
 midpoint of your
 2022 guidance and removing COVID from that,
 that would imply a 2022-2025
 Sales CAGA are of about 12.5%.
 if we remove
 M&A which
 historically has
 been two
 three percentage point uh that lowers that cargo to around a single digit or let's call that to 10
 percent which you mentioned earlier was the the market growth um what would prevent you from from
 gaining market shares
 from 2023 to
 2025
 is there only
 and impact from the stocking here
 that you're forecasting into your long-term guidance.
 just want to understand that
 what seems to be
 to be somewhat conscious expectations.
 that is in there because in our 2021 base number or in the 20, 22 difficult to say
 but in the 21 base number that I would prefer to use here because it's an
 actual number as I said there is this 500 million our corona related business
 And that's what we talked about a bit at the beginning of our call here today.
 this number that represents maybe a stocking effect, et cetera, et cetera.
 So, and that exactly then, of course, is partially reflected in this 10% that you were calculating here.
 I would suggest
 And I'm sure we will talk about that in the next quarters and the next really very good reference point, I guess, we will have in 12 months from now, because then we will really see how 2022 will have worked out.
 But it will be interesting in regards to how the phase out, hopefully it will be a phase
 out in the sense of that, you know, all those lockdowns and all this stuff will be behind
 us by then, but how this will have played out. I have to admit it's my first pandemic,
 hopefully also my last
 but but we will really have to see and learn from that one thing you can be
 sure we will be very transparent in sharing our views and the different bits
 and pieces of how things interact here and and how we base our our perspectives
 going forward on it.
 Okay. Having said that, I would like to thank everybody for your interest in Sartorius and Sartorius Stadium Biotech.
 Great talking to you.
 Thank you for your questions.
 We hope that we have been able to answer them.
 And looking forward to our next call in three months from now on the Q1 numbers.
 All the best.