 Thank you very much and welcome everybody to our conference call today on the preliminary numbers for
 fiscal 2021 for both the Sartorius group as well as for Sartorius state in biotech as always I
 I will run this call together with our CFO,
 Reiner Lehmann who will walk you through the details of our financial results in a minute
 before that I would like to start off by talking a little bit about maybe the
 highlight and the most important results of last year I think it's fair to say
 that 2021 has been an outstanding year for both divisions very strong growth
 rates that we have achieved in both divisions, both top line as well as bottom line, we also
 were able to further strengthen the portfolio of both divisions through acquisitions, acquisitions
 that haven't been very large, but very relevant and innovative for certain applications that
 our customers that are also addressing new forms of therapies, new modalities for such
 therapeutic areas.
 We also made significant progress in regards to our number of capacity expansion initiatives
 across the world actually.
 Also, here is some more information later on.
 We are giving a forecast for 2022 that is, first of all, leading to a significant double
 a growth rate, of course a lower growth rate than the one that we have achieved in 2021
 for very obvious reasons.
 We are also guiding a profitability on the same high level that we have achieved for
 for 2021.
 details later.
 We as we talked about in the course of last year. We also looked into our guidance for the year
 2025 and here we are confirming our revenue targets that we have substantially upgraded
 just a year ago and we are now raising the profitability targets for both divisions and
 the group. And we would also like to report on the ambitious
 targets that we have set for a continuous reduction of our CO2 emission intensity for
 the years to come through 2030 and we will have a shard that provides quite some details
 on that later in the presentation as well, and with that, I would like to hand over to
 with O'Reilly.
 Thanks Joachim and also welcome everybody to today's call.
 So, if we have a look at some key figures, overall, you can say very successful year.
 News rose by almost 50% to 3.45 billion, actually only a small portion, roughly around 5 percentage
 points we attribute to mergers and acquisitions and the COVID-related growth we amounts to
 roughly 16 percentage points.
 So, basically, leaving us with a very solid base growth for the overall group, and we'll
 dig later into the different divisions as usual.
 intake rose by 52% to 4.27 billion. Here, actually, COVID-related increase around 13 percentage
 points for the order intake, I would like to bring your attention a little bit due to
 the wallet.
 talk a little bit about the quarterly development of it, because I think it's important not
 just to look at the year and figure, which of course, as I always pointed out in the
 the last calls, we still have a significant spread between order intake and sales revenue
 as of the year and accumulated around 800 million,
 But if we look at the quarterly development
 of that book-to-build ratio.
 we clearly see that we have quite an increase of that ratio,
 quite a strong stronger order intake than revenue in the first three quarters and the
 fourth quarter, we drop them to really normalised levels.
 That's also important, later on, to keep in mind when Joachim talks about the guidance.
 So it's really a high volatility that we see
 by the behavior of our customers when they're place orders.
 coming to the EBITDA increase on four and a half percentage points to 34.1% in absolute
 the values, 1.17 billion, great result. What is really the main drivers are here, of course,
 economies of scale. We mentioned them beforehand, once attributed to really a deferred cost
 development, especially in the first three quarters, we are not increasing our cost
 space as we normally would have thought during a normal year.
 we see actually a pickup in Q4.
 That's what you also see on a quarterly basis
 that our everyday margin did not continue to increase.
 In addition, we also want to point out that actually the acquisitions are also contributing
 a little bit in our accretive in 2021.
 If we look at the regional split of the revenue,
 And we have, on the left-hand side, the Americas here, very
 solid performance of our bioprocess solutions division and LPS here was a dynamic growth
 as well.
 I have to say bioanalytics of course here leading on the LPS side as well the growth
 We're very happy with that segment and the growth rates and profitability.
 We'll talk about that when we look into the LPS.
 In EMEA, we see the growth rate of around 51% to 1.4 billion euros.
 We have to say, with the split BPS, really with significant demand from the vaccine manufacturers,
 So roughly half of the percentage point of the 50% are related really here to the demand
 of vaccine manufacturers, but also on the LPS side, considerable growth in that area.
 In Asia-Pacific, we also grew over 50% between 52.3 to 897 million here.
 In this case, BTS' solid performance as in the previous quarters and LPS, we also see
 a strong recovery compared to a soft prior year.
 Keep in mind that in 2020, this region was hit the hardest during the affected by the
 the shutdown and we even had a very low, even negative growth rate there.
 If you look on the right hand side to the donut chart, there's really no major movement
 in our retail distribution, and may I still
 biggest regions with 41 percent, America's 33, and Asia Pacific with 26 percent.
 We're now looking on the BPS side.
 or their intake.
 fantastic development in constant currencies,
 grossed by 57.5% to 3.5 billion.
 Here, we have roughly 7 percentage points
 included from MNA and 15 percentage points from Corona that leaves us still with a very
 high base growth, and here, to be honest, we also still have to factor in that there
 There is this changed ordering pattern where we see customers placing orders for future
 period, which is hard to grasp and attribute, is it now related to the COVID figures or
 not so therefore the base number very strong but we all know that the market
 growth rates are not as strong in that particular area.
 Sales revenues rose to 2.7 billion by almost 55 percent.
 attributed here 20 percentage points and the new acquisition contributed around 5 percentage
 points, so very strong performance that also is then reflected in a substantial increase
 of our EBITDA margin from 32.3 to 36.2 percentage points.
 So an increase of 71% to almost a billion, so it's 986 million euros.
 Here, driver again, as I mentioned on the group level,
 economies of scale, but also keep in mind the deferred cost development that really
 only fully hit the PNL in the fourth quarter.
 Again, here, the acquisitions that we did, for example, life done I have, that's that
 we purchased 2020, as well as other acquisitions
 are accretive to the overall margin.
 When we have a look at the LPS, also very successful here.
 Let's start on the left-hand side with the order intake through by 32.5% to €785 million.
 really nice performance by a BioA portfolio which is very well performing in the Americas.
 sales revenue at an increase by 32% to 722 million,
 M&A playing here a role of 6 percentage points and COVID also having a minor effect of 6 percentage points in this division.
 The jump in the profitability from 21% to now in 2021 to 26.1%, great achievement.
 Of course, here we also see not only the economies of scale
 and the partially deferred cost development,
 And of course it's applicable for both divisions, but also the development of the BioA product
 portfolio that contributed to this development.
 Thank you.
 When we have a look at some other financial key figures, the underlying ABDA, I just mentioned
 it.
 by 70% to 1.17 billion extra on the items actually went down slightly, mainly as always
 included or influenced by mergers and acquisitions and certain corporate projects that have one
 time effect and I want to comment a little bit on the financial result because this one
 sticks out, although below of our ABDA, as our key performance indicator, it's really
 comprised of evaluation in conjunction with the earn-out liability from the acquisition
 from VR separations. So that one amounted to 208 million. Let's keep in mind though this
 This is a non-cash item and it's also not relevant for tax.
 So this is really just evaluation entry that, of course, as we have to earn out and we see
 that it's influenced not only by the increase in share price but also by the good business
 of business performance from the VR separation folks in 2021.
 underlying net profit increased by almost 85% to 553 million and our reported net profit
 for the year, increased by 52% to 319 million.
 The strong AVDA, of course, contributes also to a strong operating cash flow, we're able
 to increase it by almost 70% to 866 million euros.
 The investing cash flow is not only comprised by CAPEX, which is roughly around almost 400
 billion, but of course also by the two acquisitions, Stalagenix and CEL, and the KPEX ratio, we
 base...
 basically guided their 12% came in at the end of the day at 11.8%.
 If we look back, actually, at the last three years' investments, we can almost say that
 We invested almost a billion over the last three years into the business and specifically
 they're mainly into production capacities.
 then the next slide
 We'll have a quick look at some balance sheet figures,
 equity ratio, pretty much on last year's level.
 All those are strong profitability, of course, and absolute values or equity increased by
 by 360 million.
 but by the increase of our capex, as well as our working capital, mainly the inventory
 and the accounts receivable side, and a little bit of the goodwill, we increased our balance
 sheet sum by 1.2 billion.
 So therefore, the ratio pretty much stays the same.
 Of course, it strengthens our financial position nevertheless.
 net debt were able to decrease it by roughly 150 million to 1.7 billion and you see on
 right-hand side, the development of the indebtedness key figure, net depth, divided by underlying
 ABTA, where we see over the last quarters, eight quarters, a nice, let's say, reduction
 of that key figure at year end of 2021, it amounted to 1.5 and we're very happy with
 that because it allows us, of course, to give us enough firepower for future acquisitions
 that, as you know, are still part and are going to be part of the roadmap going forward.
 And with that, actually, I'm going to hand over back to Joachim.
 Thank you very much, Rainer. Before I talk about the CO2 targets that I already announced
 that I would talk about, I would like to briefly refer to an acquisition that we have announced
 shortly before Christmas and close beginning of January,
 We acquired automated lab solutions, a business that
 It is located in Jena in Germany.
 It is adding to our bianalytics portfolio in the LPS division.
 It's a rather small company still, but fast growing and highly profitable.
 It has achieved a high single digit million Euro revenue last year and significant double
 DigitalWDA margin, employs just around 30 people, has, as I said, some product development
 as well as manufacturing capacities in Jena.
 The product is a very interesting one, differentiating one for automated analysis selection as well
 as...
 of cells, so addressing, as I said earlier, innovative areas for our customers in the
 fields of cell therapies, for example, gene therapies and some others. It adds nicely and
 complimentary to our existing portfolio in BiAnalytics helps our customers to
 to accelerate their development processes particularly.
 We acquired 62.5% of the company for 24 million euros.
 the remaining shares we will acquire in four years from now in 2026.
 Now I would like to talk about our climate targets.
 We have defined, therefore, a performance indicator, which
 is the CO2 emission intensity.
 CO2 here, of course, stands for all greenhouse gas emissions.
 So we are talking about CO2 equivalent emissions.
 and the emission intensity is the emission or are the emissions
 in proportion in relation to sales.
 for the reference year, which is 2019,
 because for that year we had all the necessary data
 available in the best manner.
 This number is 250 gram per euros.
 So 450,000 tons are related to 1.8 billion euros of sales revenue.
 We have set the target to reduce these emissions by 10% every year.
 may not sound a lot, but it will lead to a reduction of RCO2 emission intensity by almost
 half until the year 2025, and by almost 70% until the year 2030.
 We have defined the intensity and not an absolute number here because of our very significant
 growth that we are intending to achieve also going forward.
 We have achieved more than 15 percent average growth rate for the last 10 years, and you
 know our plans for the past forward, so therefore an absolute reduction would not be possible
 regarding the gross emissions and we are talking about gross emissions here by intention.
 We are not excluding further measures in the future to also reduce the net reductions beyond
 what we are planning to achieve for the gross reductions, but as in any other area where
 it is about, you know, waste or any resource consumption, I think it's always important
 to first reduce and minimize the gross footprint before you think about compensation measures.
 Of course, this, oh, by the way, I maybe should also say that this number compares to other
 such numbers in a way that it is more ambitious, it's more ambitious than the FITFOR 55 program
 by the EU. It's more ambitious than the science-based targets and also makes more ambitious than
 the number that we know from customers and suppliers.
 Of course sometimes we are talking about absolute reduction targets that have been defined and
 we have translated them into approximate intensity reduction target as you can see there on the
 right-hand side. So an ambitious target that of course can only be achieved at a certain
 cost, we are projecting those measures to cost around 1 percentage point of sales revenue
 Going forward, for the year 2025, we rather anticipate half a percentage point we mentioned
 that on the two charts later in the presentation where we talk about our forecast for 22 and
 our ambition for 2025 again.
 So, first of all, 2022, we are shooting for 14% to 18% growth in sales revenue in constant
 currency. This should include one percentage point of non-organic growth
 both related to the acquisitions that have been mentioned, so the two that we have closed
 in 2021, sergenics and cell, as well as the one of ALS that has closed at the beginning
 of this year. Of course, it doesn't include any possible further acquisitions, as always.
 In such case, we would update our guidance.
 For the BPS division, we are planning for 16 to 20 percent top line growth and for the
 lab division 6 to 10 percent.
 And of course, both growth numbers are well below the very high growth numbers that we
 we have achieved for 2021.
 but they are based on the assumption
 that we will not see any growth
 of the pandemic related business.
 We are planning for the same level of such business at around 500 million euros in total.
 So in other words, we are talking about a portion of our business that we expect to
 to not grow.
 That means that the, let's call it the base business,
 we expect to grow a bit higher than the number
 that you can see here.
 And we also believe that the ordering pattern of our customers that has also influenced
 the development of our base business to some extent will normalize one way or the other.
 I'm saying one way or the other, which means we don't believe that this necessarily will
 be a very straight line, but it's really difficult, if not impossible, to make any meaningful
 projection how this exactly will look like quarter by quarter or so but we
 believe that this will rather be the case in a full year's
 perspective.
 I said
 The margin that we are projecting here includes half a percentage point of additional cost,
 half a percentage point of sales as additional costs, and we are planning to achieve 34 percent
 for the group, 36 percent for BPS and 26 percent for out there. So, in other words, the same
 a significantly higher level for both divisions and the group, a higher level in comparison
 to what we were starting off into back to into 2021.
 The reason here is that we are not planning for a further increase of margins is besides
 the additional spending for CO2 emission intensity reduction measures that we have added significant
 personal we always were talking about that during last year that significant
 in non-manufacturing functions like sales and marketing,
 product development and some others.
 largely only started after the last phase of lockdowns
 and therefore took place very much
 in the second half of the year, even accelerated in Q4
 in comparison to Q3.
 Therefore, we will see the full years effect of such cost development only in 2022.
 So, how we would look on that is that we see a continuous effectiveness of our business
 model and its economies of scale. And the deviation from that is that there is an additional
 profitability kicker in 2021 because of this deferred cost development.
 So I wouldn't consider 2022 to somehow represent a dip.
 The opposite is that we saw an additional peak in 2021.
 Capex, we are planning to be 14%, which would translate into a number somewhere around 550
 million euros maybe slightly above so another year of very significant investment into additional
 manufacturing capacities across the globe in also different product segments, as you can
 imagine given the strong growth we had to pull forward a number of capacity
 expansions, we largely expand existing facilities, be it in Yauko, North America, be it in Germany
 diverse locations, be it in France or also in China, for example, in Korea, we are planning
 to start.
 significant investment as well as we see the market and also our market position there
 revolving very, very positively.
 Now, I would like to shift the perspective towards the year 2025.
 I said at the beginning that we are not changing our top line guidance, here we keep that at
 5 billion euros. Quite some of you have asked for our perspective on that in the course
 of last year and we said well yeah we believe that we have to have an eye on the profitability
 target, but we believe that for 2025, it's not meaningful at this point in time to plan
 for any pandemic-related business.
 And we stick to this perspective.
 This is an example of what we can do to make sure that we are able to do what we can do
 assumption, not necessarily a prediction, but we simply believe it's too early to make
 any quantitative prediction regarding corona related, pandemic related business in the year 2025.
 I think as of now, maybe one would say, well, yeah, more likely than not, there will be
 a smaller number of Corona vaccine doses being produced and applied in the year 2025 plus there
 There will be maybe, to some extent,
 vaccines available for both the ordinary flu and corona so that the net effect of such
 uh... business will be even lower
 So, but because of the difficulty or the possibility to quantify that at this point, we are basing
 our 2025 projection on the assumption that there will be no such business.
 So, and that means the best comparison to this goal for 2025 is the year 2019, the last
 here before the pandemic. And as you can see from this chart, that means that we are actually
 planning for a combined annual growth rate from 19 to 25 of 18% on average.
 And very obviously, our growth, excluding corona, therefore has been 27% for the two
 years on average for the two years from 19 to 21 and this in our view is above the fundamental
 market close, partially driven by effects that we have mentioned today, but also mentioned
 world last year already that we see are kind of you know like second level or
 second-round effect from the different ordering behavior of customers that we
 don't think should be the basis of future projections.
 So, and what we therefore are planning for is a compound in your growth rate from 21 to 25 of
 of 14%, which is pretty much the number that we have been growing at for the last, as I
 set before 10 years, probably.
 So that is the logic of our top line target setting for 2025.
 and on the last chart for our presentation
 of the notorious group, you therefore
 can see that we stick to the target of $3.8 billion
 for sales of the BPS division 1.2 billion for LPS in total the 5 billion I was talking about
 But for the margin, we are now projecting 36% for BPS and 28% for LPS.
 That's an increase by two, respectively, 3 percentage points.
 and for the group of 34%, which is a shift by 2% percentage points upwards.
 As mentioned before, for the year 2025, we are expecting the additional expenses for
 reduction measures regarding greenhouse gas emissions to be around 1% of sales, this is
 included here and we still expect as before some dilution rather to play a
 a role from further acquisitions going forward.
 Of course, that can be different.
 as it has been for most of the more recent acquisitions,
 like the businesses that we have acquired from Danahare
 and others that we have mentioned here today already.
 But our assumption for our 2025 profitability target
 target is that there will be rather a dilution for maybe two years or something after acquisition
 until those businesses perform on the same level as the group does today or the respective
 division does today and that's how we are setting up this projection.
 So I would now like to leave our presentation on the Saturius group and briefly talk about
 about the tourist data in biotech.
 I would like to do this as usually in a quite lean way
 because most of the numbers are very close
 to those that Reiner was talking about for the BPS division
 and even some financial key figures are very similar,
 except for a few that I will talk about in a second.
 So sales revenue growth, 15, 2.5% for SSB order intake,
 order intake, growth, even 3 percentage points higher, 70% increase of our
 BTA, which has reached 35.8% and came in at a bit more than 1 billion euros underlying
 earnings per share up to $70.46.
 It's an increase by 79%.
 The pandemic-related effects you see in the two bullet points below for sales revenue,
 18% and 4 for M&A, for order intake 13 and respectively 7 percentage points.
 We indeed have seen for this business very much the effect that Reiner was elaborating
 on that the orders were particularly high around the middle of the year.
 have seen this increase kicking in towards the end of the year and acceleratingly kicking
 in towards the end of the year of 2020, peaking around mid-of-2021, normalizing towards the
 end of 2021 and that leads us to confirming what we were talking about for many quarters
 now when we were very much elaborating on and always insisting on the different ordering
 pattern of our customers that this has played a role and that has to be expected that there
 will be a phase of normalizing or one could say a time of a phase out of this of this
 behavior. Yeah, the very significant increase of the
 the ABTA margin is obvious and has been seen,
 has to do with the communities of scale and deferred cost
 development as talked about.
 The geographical pattern of our growth is quite similar to what Rainer has presented
 for the group, so I don't think that I should, again,
 that very lengthy. The strong operating cash flow has led to also strong results regarding
 indebtedness ratio, etc., which I will show in a second.
 You can see here the underlying ABDA, the not very high extraordinary items, financial
 Reiner made a comment on, therefore, strong operating cash flow, investing cash flow includes
 the two divisions that have been mentioned and the significant investments and the CAPEX
 ratio came in at where we basically projected it to come in. Financial indicators remain
 on a very solid level these numbers of course look a little bit different than
 for the group, particularly the net data underlying a BTA ratio is on a very low level at 0.4
 or as projected.
 Guidance for 2022 is 14% to 18% for statoristic and biotech.
 this number should include one percentage point of growth by the acquisitions of Selenic's
 and CEL, and the underlying ABDA Marjorie project, I mean above 35%, so also here, all
 all the comments that I've made before are relevant both regarding CO2 emission intensity
 reduction measures and the related cost as well as the aspect of the deferred cost development
 and also I would like to highlight that the around 500 million euros of corona related
 we expect to remain on that level so therefore as rather a even though it sounds
 strange, maybe, or contraintuitive, but this we expect to dilute growth in the year 2022
 effects, a ratio expectation 14.5% and a further reduction of our indebtedness ratio.
 For 2025, I don't want to show the same chart again regarding the mechanics that we don't
 anticipate, as of today, any corona-related business to play a role in 2025, but of course
 the conclusion is the same,
 that we don't change the sales revenue target for SSB,
 We leave it at 4 billion euros.
 And we are also projecting, therefore, very much in sync
 well with what we have talked about before
 uh... and at every day margin of about thirty five percent
 which is an increase in comparison to the previous guidance by two percentage points.
 And again, I would like to remind you of the second bullet point here.
 This includes already 1% of additional expenses related to the reduction of our CO2 emission
 intensity in the year 2025.
 Yeah, and with that I would like to finish our presentation and we are looking forward
 to your questions.
 Thanks for listening.
 Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will begin the question and answer session.
 Anyone who wishes to ask a question may press star followed by one on their touchstone telephone.
 If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue,
 You may press star followed by two.
 If you are using speaker equipment today, please lift the handset before making your
 selections. Anyone who has a question may press star followed by one at this time.
 moment for the first question please.
 The first question is from Petrina Kakota with UBS.
 your question please.
 Hello, this is Petrina Carcota from UBS.
 two questions from my side please. So first one, if we strip out COVID from 2021 and 2022,
 the underlying growth in the guidance is around 16 to 21 percent and if we strip it out from 2021
 and calculate the Kager to 2025 is 14%. So where is that data coming from between the growth and near
 term versus the long term and my second one at the order intake so as you said
 the steepest step down in Q4.
 And you mentioned this is due to normalizing order patterns.
 Could you provide the additional color regarding what you see
 for the next quarters.
 do you expect customers to place orders far less out?
 And is there a risk of inventory work done?
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much for these two questions.
 I guess they are quite related to each other because they are addressing the same topic
 which is what we are, you know, like, to describe and be labeled by different ordering pattern
 that we have seen partly already in 2020 and then quite to some extent in the year 2021
 And that both leads to these different growth expectations or a growth expectation that
 is lower than the most recent growth. And then, of course, the more near-term question
 is the one that you have then phrased by saying, OK,
 how could that look like backwater?
 So as I said before, and before means we started to talk about that in the course of 2020 even,
 that we said when we define our corona related business,
 And we really said, OK, what part of our business
 is with the developers and manufacturers of Corona vaccines
 or therapeutics, or tests and test kits.
 So that is how we have defined that.
 That is what our numbers tell you.
 But then there are effects that are related very much
 to the longer lead times that we have seen in the market.
 We actually believe we have performed quite well.
 we have got very positive feedback by customers
 that we were rather doing very well
 in the competitive landscape regarding keeping
 our lead times half-ways under control,
 but when I say halfway is under control,
 That means they are still and have been throughout the last couple of months, long within the
 they usually are.
 such a situation, of course, triggers
 than a different ordering pattern and even emphasizes
 and amplifies a certain risk-averse behavior of customers who said, well, let's rather
 to make sure that we have higher stock levels,
 probably than we had before.
 And that may even mean across the different...
 the different levels on their stock, so even finished goods maybe, or goods that they purchase
 from us.
 speedbacks and whatsoever. So therefore we believe that the growth rate that we have shown to you
 also. The growth rate, 27% on average from 2019 to 2021, doesn't represent the fundamental
 underlying market growth.
 Now, how much of this temporary effect, which is basically a pull-forward effect, did we see?
 That is, quite frankly, hard to say.
 Maybe five percentage points something like that, which would total to something like 10% of business in total because 5% per year
 roughly sums up to something like 10% in total so but those 10% roughly have to
 be somehow transpired out at some point along the time horizon.
 That is what we are anticipating, huh?
 but it's really difficult to say to what extent
 that will play a role within the next quarters.
 This has to do also with the overall supply chain situation even outside maybe our sector
 because, I mean, you can see this all over the place,
 that people are behaving a bit more cautiously,
 even though maybe the stress isn't so, you know, like narrow,
 but they see difficult and strained supply chains
 in other sectors.
 So, and that is what we see.
 We simply would say 27% is not the underlying market growth.
 And that's why we believe it wouldn't be the right yardstick for any assumption going
 forward but rather the opposite one would have to deduct a certain number that has to be somehow
 got out of the system most likely at some point in time so that's all but
 And having said that, what is really important to me, in our sector, my observation at least,
 We, luckily, have predominantly long-term oriented investors and whenever you are long-term
 oriented. I can only advise you not to put too much emphasis on such a short-term
 relatively short-term effect.
 completely different reasons before I mean now it sounds like like an old
 anecdote, but 15 years ago, we have seen after a phase of high investments into capacities
 for monoclonal antibody manufacturing,
 And then there was a very, very poor year in between,
 because everybody realized that there was too much
 Manufacturing capacity, but you know in the long run this didn't play any role at all
 So what we try to do here is quite frankly manage short-term expectation a little bit
 on the best level that we can, but we cannot give, nobody can, give you more color regarding
 the different quarters, even our customers can't give this to us, so therefore we can't
 share anything with you beyond this.
 manage those short-term expectations,
 but I strongly would emphasize at the same time,
 We have fully intact, very positive fundamentals
 in this market for many reasons.
 So the next question is from the line of Richard Fosser with J.P. Morgan. Your question please.
 Thanks very much for taking my questions. So, first question is on acquisition intensity.
 So, just thinking about relatively limited acquisitions, as you stated, in 22 and probably
 20...
 Sorry.
 21 and 20. So how should we think about that for 22 and the next few years? Are you still
 anticipating M&A generating about 20% of the growth on your midterms.
 question just on the COVID revenues, so beyond 22, I know you've said nothing in the guidance
 for 25, but should we anticipate 23 being a fade towards nothing in 25 or a steep drop
 down in 23. Any color, any thoughts you can give at the moment would be useful. And then
 And if I could as well, just back on the order book normalisation, so should we anticipate
 I think you said the order book is at a more normal level for Q4, so is that the sort of
 order book level we should think for the rest of for the quarters going through 22
 and then just on the timing of delivery of the order book is it is it still you
 You talked about longer lead times, but are we still anticipating sort of the majority,
 of three quarters being consumable and being delivered in say the first half of the year
 in terms of the order book at the end of the year of 21,
 first half of 22 being delivered or should we think about it being delivered a bit longer than that?
 So thanks very much.
 Yeah, quite a number of questions.
 So on the acquisition intensity as you called that, well,
 I would say we did quite a number of acquisitions,
 but I would agree those that we have closed in truth,
 that we have agreed upon in 2020 and 2021 have been rather small ones. The closing of the
 acquisition of the businesses from Danaher has also been taken place in 2020 and hasn't
 been that small, so it depends a little bit on the perspective, but it's correct that
 we are also planning for further acquisitions. We think that maybe the
 proportional
 Relevance of acquisitions could be a little bit larger in LPS than in BPS, and I think
 You can read that also from the numbers
 that this is the current projection.
 But of course, with MNA, it's always difficult
 to make such projections.
 This could then also be a little bit different.
 and then may lead to, of course,
 maybe some updates regarding the
 the outlook on the top line but that is the basis of how we are setting up this projection
 but definitely we believe to continue making acquisitions going forward.
 forward.
 Yeah, COVID related business in 2023, honestly too early to make any quantitative comment.
 it's not very likely that there is a sharp cliff like,
 you know, business as we project today in 2022 and then no business in 2023, so I would
 rather expect that to be a more transient, you know, effect and trend, but bear with
 us, give us a little bit, a few more quarters until we can talk about that in a more educated
 manner.
 on the request regarding order book, maybe just to make sure that we are talking about
 the same numbers.
 right and i
 We're talking about the order intake,
 And then you, of course, can also translate that
 into a book-to-bill ratio, if you will,
 And the order intake wasn't normalizing very much.
 in particularly Q4 has shown that. And by the way, that wasn't a surprise. Maybe that
 That would be anyhow one headline for what we are talking about here.
 no surprise, even, I mean, maybe that sounds a little bit odd in the face of so many volatilities
 year, but we were talking about that throughout last year, that we said we do see this a different
 ordering pattern and this will change again, and that we have seen. So no
 surprise at all so but of course we still have an accumulated order book that is
 higher than it has been before.
 So if you look on the book-to-bill ratio, not on a quarterly basis, but on an annual
 basis, then our book to bill ratio is significantly higher for 2021, then it has been for the
 years before the pandemic. So therefore we are starting with quite a healthy order book
 into the year 2022. But again, now it depends on how this exactly will materialize where
 we are expecting to happen at some point. And that is, again, that customers will normalize
 also there are stock level management for instance and then we might see even quarters
 with what could be perceived by some people as relatively soft order intake, but that
 That is incorporated in our projection to some extent, so that is what is important for
 for me to say here, we are expecting this normalization
 And that includes that in comparison to this very high order
 intake that we have seen in some quarters last year in particular as we talked about
 that order intake might be below that level.
 But that would still support the guidance that we are sharing here with you for the year
 the year 2022. Leigh Times. Yeah, Leigh Times, of course, are a function of the book-to-bill
 ratio you could say, when, and vice versa, book to bill ratio partially is a function
 of the lead time. And that is what I meant before. There is this self-amplifying effect
 to some extent.
 And they are still for sure higher, longer than they have been before the pandemic.
 They are partially influenced also by constraints within the supply chains.
 We believe that we will see such constraints for most of 2022, but we also would anticipate
 nevertheless that by the end of the year 2022 lead times are closer to normality again because
 of what we are anticipating regarding order intake because of the significant expansions
 of manufacturing capacities and because of hopefully also the lifting of some of the
 constraints in the supply chains.
 And regarding MIX, I can confirm what you said that we still are seeing very much a mix of two-thirds of
 of consumables and other recurring business, 25% of non-recurring business, which is largely
 the instrument and equipment for bioprocessing.
 When we talk about the biopositive division, when we talk about the lab division, the
 ratio is a little bit different, but also more than 50% is recurring turnover by now.
 The next question is from the line of Patrick Wood with Bank of America.
 Your question, please.
 Perfect, thank you very much. I'll keep it to two, please.
 not to return to the same point that I guess you guys have been talking about before about
 at the sort of higher than normal growth rates recently,
 But it seems like it's been kind of two years or now,
 And I get that, you know, it's not sustainable,
 I totally understand that, but I'm just trying to understand, do you really think inventory
 rates that customers have gone up that high.
 I mean, double ordering for kind of 48 months
 seems like quite a long time.
 I mean, maybe do you have any sort of KPIs
 around number of new customers, or you
 having conversations with some larger customers
 They're accelerating the shifts, say, in fermentation
 single use, so I'm trying to understand what are the moving parts other than just say inventory
 build might be able to account for it, which you really think it is just all sort of built
 up within the channel. So that's the first question. And then the second one's a little
 shorter. Maybe just any comment on pricing, if you guys managed to push, give me a
 So capacity constrained.
 any price increases through to the customers
 and how those have been received.
 Thanks.
 Yeah, thanks, Patrick, indeed, to two relevant points.
 The first point maybe helps to indeed put a little bit more spotlight on the growth of
 the non-corona related business.
 And we were indeed talking about the effect
 that comes from this different ordering pattern by customers,
 But that shouldn't mean at all that this is the only growth
 driver. So we clearly are talking about a very healthy market for many reasons and basically
 all the fundamental drivers that we usually are talking about a lot and have talked about
 a lot and predominantly before the corona situation are fully intact and are more relevant
 and stronger than maybe five years ago.
 So therefore, what we have seen during the last two years
 is indeed a very healthy, fundamental market situation, and on top of that, we got the
 pandemic with these two effects, the very direct effect, additional demand and then this
 like second round effect triggered by lead time, longer lead times and so on.
 I don't want to get into that again.
 So, and the fundamental drivers that have played a role
 are substantial investments into additional capacities
 needed for.
 New Drugs.
 Drugs.
 We, on average, have seen throughout the last five years, a nice and relatively high number
 of new drug approvals, higher than in the five years before.
 We have seen expansions of production volumes in established drugs by and large.
 We have seen very successful launches of biosimilars.
 in hand with most of those effects. We have seen a substantial expansion, let's say, of
 the geographical footprint of the biopharmaceutical industry, i.e. much more manufacturing capacities
 is now also in Asia in particular and respective investments and respective, of course, also
 the recurring business, that is particularly the case for China and also South Korea.
 Then we see, maybe to elaborate a little bit more on these newly approved drugs, we see
 of course, a very promising pipeline of new drugs where partially also clinical material
 is produced in increasing volume. Some drugs have made it to the market already in the
 area of cell and gene therapy. So all those fundamentals are fully intact, very strong,
 as of course led to quite a strong underlying market growth.
 maybe as a reminder, the fundamental market growth
 that we always have said that should be
 the underlying growth of our end market.
 We said, and that is what all the most recent pre-pandemic projections have said, should
 be in the very high single digit range, maybe max 10%.
 So let's say, for simplicity,
 10%. Now we have achieved 27%. So, and even if you exclude M&A, it's a significantly
 be higher number.
 So we believe that the underlying growth
 over the last two years.
 has been significantly stronger than it has been before.
 So we have seen really very strong development
 the base business and on top of that as we said don't want to repeat myself here this
 additional effect that should have led to some buffer within the entire system
 Be it stock levels of products from us and competition.
 Be it, you know, pull forward capacity expansion.
 it may be also a higher stock level in finished goods and so on and so forth.
 difficult to quantify, but that is how we would read those numbers on price.
 As a result of the stressed supply chains, we do see some price increases.
 Of course, we do see it for logistic services, but we also see it for some of the product
 materials and components that we are purchasing.
 And we have started to pass those price increases forward to customers that hasn't played much
 of a role in the recent one or two years, but it should play a role somewhere, maybe, around
 they're all close to the 5% mark in the year 2022.
 Very clear.
 Thank you for the answers.
 The next question is from the line of Paul and I it was keeping your question. Please. Yeah, you're game on the
 the emergence of cell therapy and mRNA.
 Does that benefit your business more than monoclonal antibodies?
 What's your outlook for that market and then lastly, does this broaden your acquisition
 and opportunities, those categories of new therapies emerge.
 Thank you.
 So.
 .
 So maybe on the last question first, yes, there are now additional technological segments,
 types of innovation that are of interest for us and in that and from that
 perspective it has broadened also, you know, the playing field, the number of
 opportunities for acquisitions. That's definitely the case.
 Is it more interesting than monoclonal antibodies in regard to the consumption of products from
 mass when it comes to the manufacturing of mRNA or cell therapies, that's a little bit
 more difficult to answer because now, unfortunately, one has to say, oh, now it really depends.
 yeah, because the processes can look very different. For mRNA, the process is very, very
 very different.
 We have a significant footprint in the respective manufacturing, hard to do a one-to-one comparison.
 I would say the business opportunity there is maybe by and large the same.
 or cell therapies, it could be even larger going forward,
 But that, again, depends very much on how
 those production processes look like the variety of production processes can be very different
 will be or diverse and will be very diverse going forward.
 So, therefore, hard to answer, but what one can say is we do have relevant, partially
 essential technologies for all those modalities.
 And I guess that will remain being a very dynamic and promising area for us.
 The next question is from the line of Delfin Leou with Society General.
 question please.
 Mr. and Mr. Delphine Lé-Louis from Versailles, yes, please go ahead.
 and everybody.
 Congratulations for this outstanding result this year and, of course, last year.
 Two questions, if I may.
 What strikes me about the result is definitely the amazing performance you've been seeing
 in APAC, in the Asian region.
 So, I was wondering, can you be more precise in giving us the reasons for that?
 due to new clients? Is it due to new drugs? I know you've been talking a bit about China
 expansion, is it just an increase in term of market share? So can you let us know a bit
 more about what's going on in Asia and how we should look at Asia by 25.
 Second question, deal with the CAPEX.
 Joachim, I don't know if you do remember, but last year you were also targeting 14% revenue
 as a capex for the year. It comes to be lower. So, what makes you confident today to achieve
 again 40% of revenue in CAPEX. Are we getting into a new cycle of expansion? Can you let
 to know your source on that.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, thank you for these two questions, maybe on the second one first, you're absolutely
 right. We started off into the year with a capping guidance of 14 percent and then we
 We lowered it to 12% and that is also where we came in.
 But the 14% related to the initial top-line growth guidance, which has been at the beginning
 of the year 2021-19 to 25% and therefore basically what we've finished off the year with has
 been pretty much, pretty much exactly the euro number that we were started off into the
 year as well.
 So the
 for it.
 It has been
 really has to do with the top line reference number, so to say.
 And we could execute all the initiatives pretty much to the extent that we planned for.
 So, really no impact through the,
 through the pandemic also on all sides,
 we were able to pretty much execute those projects.
 And for 2022, we would expect the same, right?
 As I said before, we even see higher capex probably in 2022.
 And the reason is really that we are continuing to execute on our capacity expansion program
 at an accelerated speed, we had to pull forward capacity
 expansions, particularly when it comes to filter manufacturing and back manufacturing,
 also in the instrument and system space really across the board because our growth we didn't
 talk about that much. We didn't mention that, but what is really a nice feature is all of
 of our business segment.
 all of our product segments are growing very, very nicely.
 So we don't have any, you know, there is no clustering of demand or so.
 We really see that all of our products and product segments are relevant and attractive
 to customers, and that means that we really have to pull forward such expansion plans,
 Maybe one last word, what also plays a role is here that we have started to invest significantly
 into own capacities for cell culture media, which really plays a role here as well.
 that hasn't been particularly high.
 That means that the underlying growth indeed has been very strong in APEC and what we see
 And here is substantial investments by customers, as you said, in China, but also in Korea a
 a lot into additional capacities.
 and also quite a significant utilization of these capacities.
 China, of course, is very consequently executing on their agenda to become increasingly independent
 from imports of medicines. That is part of their agenda. You know, they have their China
 for China agenda, but they also have a particular or a specific agenda for the healthcare sector
 and the biopharma sector in particular and Korea, what plays hero role of course is that
 Korea has become the hub or one of the most important hubs to say the least for contract
 manufacturing, something biologics has to be named here the first, but also some other
 for example, and yeah, and we see substantial growth of the business that we have in those
 markets with such customers.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Ed Ridley Day with Redburn.
 your question please
 Good afternoon and also congratulations
 the numbers and indeed the new emissions initiative. On single use, I had a question, could you give
 give us a little bit more color.
 Ultimately, we can speak to last year's numbers of the split in your bioprocessing sales between
 in single use and stainless steel.
 just a rough guide on that would be helpful.
 And also, perhaps you could give us some color
 where you see your market share is relative to your wider market share in single use.
 Yeah, so we our recurring revenue is a good 75% of our total revenue in the
 bioprocessing domain.
 and most of that are consumable.
 so roughly 75% of our BPS sales are consumable
 are consumable. In the lab domain this is around 40% and that means for the
 in total, this number is just a little bit below 70%.
 And so roughly two-thirds of our sales revenue of the group are single-use products.
 And this number is not changing very much year on year.
 That has to do with the fact that we still see and we expect that also going forward for the next couple of years still a lot of
 investments into additional and new manufacturing capacities in particular
 but partially also into new laboratories.
 And then you always see these investments
 into systems and instruments.
 We are like front running and the utilization and consumption of consumers only kicking
 in then later and therefore there's no big shift.
 one word, I'm sure you are aware of that, besides the fact that we, of course, are working
 quite intensively on numerous ends to make the, let's say, to limit and potentially reduce
 or what I would call plastic footprint for example when it comes to the packaging but
 But also, you know, there are some opportunities, maybe, regarding the design of the product
 and then in the long run, but really only the long run,
 hopefully also a substitution of oil-based plastics by other plastic raw materials.
 But besides that, what is really important is to highlight that the overall ecological
 footprint in most applications is smaller for single use products than for stainless
 steel and not only because stainless steel is also a product that requires
 substantial consumption of diverse, you know, material and energy, et cetera, but particularly
 the cleaning and sterilization of such system after each run leads to very substantial emissions
 emissions, particularly energy, but also a high level of water consumption, which we
 believe will become an increasing focus of environmental concern going forward.
 So, I really would like to, you know, make the point that the plastic that we are using,
 and particularly the use of all plastic products.
 shouldn't be mixed up with maybe some other plastics where one could say, well, one should
 maybe reduce that consumption going forward.
 Our market share, you know, varies both for instruments as well as plastic based or single
 use products depending on the area where we are or the type of product we are talking
 talking about.
 I think maybe it's fair to say that for most product segments, our market share is some
 somewhere in the 20, 30, sometimes up to 40% range.
 So that's basically the range where we typically have
 our market share, but I wouldn't say that there is, you know, the one number for single
 use and the one number for multi-use that makes a lot of sense to use here.
 What does that help you?
 You know, it does. Thank you very much. No, that's good
 The next question is from the line of Hugo Solvett with PNB Paridas.
 question please.
 Hi, thanks for taking my questions.
 on the COVID guide for 2022,
 which has been less than change at about 500 million
 Since you first laid out that guidance in the 3Q call,
 We have had the lowering age of eligibility, boosters, increased purchase agreements and
 and so forth. So, what's the main driver for leaving this guidance and change at this stage?
 And have you started to see within your COVID sales a mix,
 shift of the mix towards more consumables, that would be my first question.
 And then a quick follow-up on CAPEX, given that you've pulled forward several capacity
 expansion projects already. What should we assume as a capex to sales ratio from 2023
 On the wall. Thank you.
 Yeah, thank you. Thank you for those questions. Yeah, you're right. We were touching upon
 overview regarding corona-related business, particularly vaccine manufacturing already
 three months ago and elaborating on our view that 2022 may look quite similar to 2021 overall.
 The reason why we didn't change that is because all what we have seen and heard from our customers
 and also regarding, you know, the orders that they have received from governments and whether
 So there are changes, leads us to the perspective that this is still the best and most realistic
 expectation, the dominant
 manufacturer of vaccines in 2021 in the western world has been Pfizer BioNTech, the guidance
 that they have given, for example, at the JPMorgan conference not very long ago, basically
 They also confirms this view.
 They are planning very much with the same level of manufacturing at the same level of
 Thanks for watching.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 The only thing that might have changed is at what point in time they think they will
 towards the next generation in the sense of whatever an adaptation to the Omicron variant,
 probably the same for Moderna.
 We wouldn't anticipate, as of now,
 that
 And the other vaccines that come on the market now should change this picture very much.
 We also would not anticipate that once maybe this Omicron wave is over, that then, you
 know, the demand for vaccination completely implodes because that would mean even that
 maybe there's less business than particularly,
 particularly, by the way, maybe for the manufacturers
 such than for us, then projected so far. So long story short, we still believe that this
 This is the most meaningful assumption for several reasons, you know, to the best of
 own knowledge today.
 The mix didn't change so much because also throughout 2021, of course at the beginning
 of 2021, we have seen predominantly systems being ordered by those manufacturers, but
 other than in other cases where you really see sometimes a gap between 12 and 24 months
 between ordering and equipment and starting manufacturing, this went hand in hand.
 They got the equipment and basically, you know, qualified it, validated it, went into manufacturing.
 So we had substantial sales of consumables already back in 2021.
 So there is no shift that is of any material relevance for the overall business, how we
 anticipated to be in 2022.
 and then you were asking for the trend in capex.
 in capex.
 Well, I would not like to give a number here as, you know, there would be anyway a missing
 piece and that's the top line guidance for the year 2023 so therefore to say anything
 for 2023 now is difficult. What we would expect is that we should see more normal levels
 of CapEx ratio towards the end of this midterm cycle that we are talking about, so the one
 until 2025. And we typically say that there is like a heart, a core of our capex that
 is related to capitalized R&D and maintenance capex, and this should add up to something
 like a good 3%.
 And so then there's the remaining, like, average level of CAPEX related to capacity
 expansion, which should be then maybe somewhere around the 5 percentage points or so.
 So the sum then should be somewhere in the upper single digit range, but that is, that's
 even not a calculation that, that is to try to give you a little bit of feeling for the
 composition and how I would think about that. But for 2023, I think the number will look
 a little bit different.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question is from the line of Odysseus Manisiotis from Berenberg Bank.
 Thank you.
 Hi, thanks for taking my questions.
 to follow up from Paul's question
 on the cell engine therapy opportunity.
 you seem to be getting a strong hold of this market, particularly following your acquisitions
 over the past couple of years.
 I know it's a hard question to answer,
 but do you have a real estimate at this point in time
 of what share of this pipeline you're currently exposed to.
 I've been hearing that this summary is like fermentation
 that you currently have more than a 60% share.
 And the short follow-up on that a customer of yours recently mentioned that they are seeing the cell and gene therapy part of their business
 grow higher than initially expected.
 is that an impact you've been seeing on your side as well.
 Thank you.
 promising and maybe even more promising than a few years ago. Pipelines have been filled.
 And that is one element of what we were talking about a little bit earlier today when we said
 that the market fundamentals all look very positive, look positively and promising and
 And that for sure holds true, particularly for the cell and gene therapy segment.
 A little bit more tricky is maybe the first part of your question.
 And you said, OK, how well are we positioned, basically,
 in this very market segment in comparison
 other market segments. And the reason why I find it a bit tricky to answer is because
 Because it's still a very young market.
 And that means not only that there is a lot of growth to be expected, but there is also
 a lot of innovation to be expected and a lot of innovation not only regarding new therapies
 based on that technology, but also innovation regarding the technologies that are used to
 to manufacture such therapeutics.
 We believe we indeed have invested into very relevant technologies that are needed across
 different cell and gene therapies, and that's really a reason why we think that to be in
 in the space of cell culture media and essential performance
 relevant ingredients of cell culture media is a very important and also robust space
 to be. But for sure, I would find it too early to make any, you know, assessment to say,
 our position in this market is whatever stronger or whatsoever than in the more mature market
 segment of monoclal antibody bodies.
 but I, you know, but I don't want to sound negative here.
 I just want to say it's a bit too early.
 We consider ourselves to be well positioned, but for sure more innovation to come, more
 activities to be taken by us and that might also include further acquisitions.
 understood, that's very clear. And another small follow-up. So on your historical
 COVID vaccine contribution estimates for on the DPS business. I am thinking how is it for you to
 exactly know what your customers are using your equipment for. Basically, if you had to add a
 the margin of error to your 20% coronavirus vaccine-related benefit in 2021 for the division,
 What would that be?
 So you are asking for how precisely we know the numbers regarding what for our products
 are used when it comes to vexing manufacturing or, or what?
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah, for vaccine manufacturing, the visibility is, I would say, good.
 But I wouldn't say it's like a scientifically precise number.
 Let's put it that way, yeah?
 because, you know, if you sell a product to BioNTech, that's simple.
 When you sell a product to Pfizer, it's not that simple.
 When you sell a product to Lonsar or other contract manufacturers, then it's even more
 complicated and of course our customers partially give us quite precise guidance
 And that has been particularly the case, of course, when everybody was working hard on
 ramping up vaccine manufacturing capacities as quick as possible and therefore it's a
 good visibility, but I wouldn't say that this 500 is a, as I said, a scientifically precise
 number.
 And that is even more the case as soon as we are talking about that but smaller portion
 that is related to, for example, test kits,
 or therapeutics, et cetera.
 So, good visibility, but not 100%.
 Okay
 Perfect. Thank you for the key answers.
 So it can be very helpful.
 Thank you very much.
 There is one follow-up, obviously.
 The last question is from the line of Yugoslavia with the BNP Paribas. Your question please.
 Right, thanks for the quick follow-up. Based on the midpoint of your 2022 guidance and removing
 COVID from that, that would imply your 2022-2025 since Kagawa was about 12.5%. If we remove
 MNA, which historically has been 2 to 3 percentage points, that lowers that
 Kagout were around I single digits or let's call that a 10%, which you mentioned earlier
 was the market growth.
 What would prevent you from gaining market shares from 2023 to 2025, is there only an
 and apart from this talking here,
 that you're forecasting into your long-term guidance.
 I just want to understand what seems to be somewhat coach's expectations.
 Exactly, Hugo. That is in there. Because in our 2021 base number, or in the 2020,
 too difficult to say, but in the 21 base number that I would prefer to use here because it's
 an actual number.
 As I said, there is this 500 million corona related business and that's what we talked
 about a bit at the beginning of our call here today, this number that represents maybe
 a stocking effect, et cetera, et cetera.
 So in that exactly, then, of course, it's partially
 reflected in this 10% that you were calculating here.
 I would suggest, and I'm sure we will talk about that in the next quarters, and the next
 really very good reference point I guess we will have in 12 months from now because then
 Then we will really see how 2022 will have worked out.
 It will be interesting in regards to how the phase out, hopefully it will be a phase out
 in the sense of that, you know, all those lockdowns and all this stuff will be behind
 us by then, but how this will have played out. I have to admit it's my first pandemic,
 hopefully also my last, but we will really have to see and learn from that.
 One thing you can be sure we will be very transparent in sharing our views at the different
 bits and pieces of how things interact here and how we base our perspectives going forward
 Okay.
 Having said that, I would like to end this video here.
 Thank you.
 I would like to thank everybody for your interest in Saturis and Saturis Stadium biotech.
 Great talking to you. Thank you for your questions.
 We hope that we have been able to answer them and looking forward to our next call in three
 months from now on the Q1 numbers, all the best.