 Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Luke coils third quarter and nine months
 2021 Results Conference call. My name is Molly and I'll be your
 coordinator for today's conference. For the duration of the calls your lines will be on
 list and only however at the end of the presentation you will have the opportunity to ask questions.
 If at any time you need assistance, please press star 0 and you will be connected to an operator.
 Please ask questions during the Q&A session in the corresponding language in Russian for
 the Russian line and in English for the English line. I would like to inform you that questions
 from the press will not be accepted. I will now hand you over to Alexander Palavoda, head
 of investor relations to begin today's conference. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today for this conference call on local results for the third quarter and nine months of 2021.
 On today's call, we have Mr Alexander Meditz and CFO, Mr Pavel Stanoff, Vice President
 for Finance, as well as our colleagues from the Accounting Team.
 Before we move on to the presentation I would like to draw your attention to the fact that
 it's
 Some of the comments during this call constituted forward-looking statements involving risks
 uncertainties and other factors that may pose our actual results to be material
 different from what is expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements.
 you may find more detailed information on the slide.
 Now I would like to hand over to Mr. Alexander Matitsyn.
 Thank you, Alexander. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
 In the third quarter, the market environment continued its recovery, which alongside an
 An increase in production volumes had a positive impact on air financial performance.
 high oil prices were underpinned by fast-moving recovery and demand, which led to a decline
 in global oil inventories on the back of six OPEC plus compliance.
 Additional support for oil demand came from record high prices for other energy sources.
 the easing of external limitations. We kept ramping up oil production in the third quarter,
 Our average daily oil production in Russia was up 3% quarter on quarter and surpassed
 by 1% the previous year's level for the nine months period.
 In the nine months of 2021, total hydrocarbon production added 2.5% here in the year on
 the back of recovering gas production overseas.
 The defining margins went back to their pre-crisis levels in the third quarter, where swiftly
 responded to the improved market environment. And in the third quarter,
 that have covered our oil-definity capacity utilization.
 back to the average 2019 level.
 in the third quarter ahead, all-time highs,
 and free catch flow.
 The strong performance was driven by superior quality of our assets, effective cost control,
 operational flexibility, which enabled us to quickly grow production volumes as the market
 environment became more favorable.
 A bidder for the third quarter tear-tailed 355 billion Rebills.
 the result of the death of the nine months doubled year on year.
 time.
 cash player totaled 222 billion rubles and more than doubled quarter on quarter.
 This remarkable improvement was driven by a strong increase in working capital in the second quarter.
 the increase in freecast flow before changed in the working capital amounted to 10%.
 Let me note that in contrast to previous periods, our third-quarter results saw almost no impact from one-off or carrying over factors.
 In other words, our results...
 We decided to capitalize on the extremely favorable debt markets environment and in
 in October successfully placed two Eurobond tranches with materialities of 5.5 years and
 ten years for a total of $2.3 billion years. This is the largest ever single placement for
 the company.
 Connected by the Board of Directors recommended paying an interim dividend for 2021 and the amount of
 with 340 rubles per share.
 full in line with our existing dividend policy.
 We keep improving our sustainable development management system as we recognize its importance
 for the effective implementation of the company's strategy and look oil investment story.
 One of our recent achievements is in improved position in the transition pathway in the
 initiative, or TPI rating, which assesses the quality of the climate management over
 For the past year, the company also climbed up in other leading sustainability ratings.
 always keep going beyond what we have achieved and are currently focusing on improving our
 practices in the areas of human rights, supply chain management and other important aspects
 so sustainable development.
 In conclusion, let me remind you that until the end of the year we are planning to complete
 our long-term strategy update, which will be presented in the first quarter of 2022.
 Thank you.
 And now I'd like to hand over to Pavel Zdanov.
 Thank you, Alexander.
 I will now present our results in the upstream segment.
 Let's now begin with the price environment
 And the third clue to the average year old's oil price
 them up by 6% caught and caught them.
 However, the euro's net variable price dropped by 2% quarter on quarter due to the positive
 effect of the tax lag declining almost to zero and due to rubble
 appreciation. In the third quarter the company continued to recover on its oil
 output. The group's hydrocarbon production, excluding whiskey, exceeded 2.1 million
 in battles of oil equivalent per day, up 3.2% cotton-coated.
 as external limitations on oil production related to the Urbex Plus deal were eased
 up.
 production in Uzbekistan recovered after scheduled maintenance in the second
 We also carried on with our priority projects for the nine months of 2021, their share in
 and the total output grew by one percentage point.
 As part of oil production management under external limitations, we continue to increase
 oil production entire material fields in Russia as instructed by the Ministry of Energy.
 In the third quarter oil production in Russia increased by 3.7% quarter on quarter.
 recovering by nearly 90% in November compared to May 2020.
 The relaunch of shut-in wells was fast, with no extra material costs or technological challenges.
 As at the beginning of November, our spare capacity in Russia stood at around 30,000
 per day, which means we are close to its fully utilisation and will employ additional drilling
 to ensure that the production ramp up.
 As a reminder, we started to gradually increase drilling volumes in Russia as early as in
 second quarter of 2021, if the favourable environment persists and external production
 The limitations are further lifted.
 plan to keep expanding our drilling program further to deliver stable output
 growth.
 The upstream segment was the key contributor to our Bidda growth in the second quarter.
 the segments of it that was up by eleven percent court and court and despite
 flow in at oil price in ruble figure for the Russian upstream segment increased by 7%.
 The growth was due to output recovery and superior production mix.
 App Steam Ipadir outside Russia went up by 38% cotton-coated, driven by high-guest production
 in Uzbekistan and higher gas prices, coupled with a stronger EBITDA of the West-Kirna
 to servicing projects in Iraq on the back of high costs.
 For the nine months, upstream may be increased, more than two-fold year on year.
 The growth was driven mostly by the Russian upstream segment, thanks to higher oil prices.
 variable devaluation, and the positive text lag effect.
 Embollished tax incentives for high viscosity oil projects were headwind.
 EBITDA outside Russia went up by 71 percent supported by a rising oil prices and increased
 gas production in as big as 10.
 Now let me move on to our key projects.
 And we continued production drilling in the Caspian Sea to maintain production at the
 Vladimir Filinovsky and Yuri Kirchagin fields at the project level.
 In the third quarter, the Vladimir Filinovsky field saw the launch of another high-rate
 intelligent two-bought TAML five well with an initial flow rate of over 13,000 barrels of
 the world today.
 As part of the Valeri-Gryfer field development, we finished cabling works and are now laying
 and subsea pipelines.
 Shipyards are complete in the construction of top signs of fixed, ice-resistant, and
 living platforms.
 They're almost 90% complete and slated for offshore installation in the second quarter
 of next year.
 As for the D-33 field in the Baltic Sea, we received an approval of the Russian state
 expert review panel for the design documentation and signed contracts for the construction
 of key facilities, supply of core equipment, and field infrastructure development.
 manufacturing of offshore platform jacket and topside along with onshore works have
 are now started.
 We continue to show impressive results in developing low permeability reserves at our
 in West Siberia, we are running an extensive drilling program with 146 wells drilled in
 in the nine months and production up by 14% year on the end.
 keep working to enhance the efficiency of field development.
 Thanks to the optimized well-designed rollout of unique technologies and individual approach
 to each well we have been able to ramp up drilling speed while drastically cutting per unit drilling costs.
 At the Emilorske field, in the third quarter increased the drilling speed of multi-hole wells by over 40% year-on-year,
 reducing their per unit drilling costs by almost a quarter over the same period.
 In the third quarter, the Stradnian-Azimska field saw the horizontal well-drilling speed
 increased by a third, here in the air, with a per unit drilling cost dropping by nearly
 quarter.
 Our advanced expertise in developing low permeability
 service provides us with new opportunities for our asset portfolio expansion.
 In September, we signed an agreement with Gasprom NIFT to create a joint venture based
 on the assets of Gazprom, Nefti subsidiary,
 The JV's geological reserves total over 1 billion tons of oil and around 500 billion
 cubic meters of gas. A considerable portion of the reserve's life was the
 Archimoflamation.
 Our participation in the joint venture is fully in line with our strategy to focus on
 investments in Russia and tap into hard-to-recover reserves.
 In the nine months of 2021, high viscosity oil production in demand pechora was up by
 2% here in the air to reach 4 million tons.
 In the third quarter, however, daily production fell by 4% due to a shadow of maintenance
 That's the Ousenskaya field.
 Let me remind you that before the start of this year, we work to consistently increase
 outwards at the Jarekskaya and Osinskaya fields by making considerable investments in these projects.
 This year, we've had to have a significant downscale of our investments as a result of
 of Council text initiatives.
 to maintain a dialogue with the government and hope for a decision to reinstate Texans
 for this category of reserves so that we continue their full-scale economical efficient development.
 Let me move on to our project abroad.
 I would like to start with our gas project in Uzbekistan.
 You may remember that in the second quarter we conducted schedule maintenance at production
 facilities, which led to a temporary decline in output from our gas projects in the country.
 the third quarter production recovered back to the level of Q4 2020.
 For the nine months of 2021, the Uzbekistan project saw 76 or nearly 80 percent in the
 increase in production compared to the same period of 2020.
 Our production target for 10-21 is around 14 billion cubic meters of gas, which is in
 in line with the pre-pandemic level.
 In October, we signed an agreement to acquire an interest in Shagdani's gas project in
 Azerbaijan.
 Please be reminded that we currently hold a 10% share and that has been the case since 1996.
 As the Caspian region is a strategic importance holder called the Increased Chair in Shafdinej,
 a project which boasts growing output and the strong access to sales markets naturally
 complement cerepotheole of Caspian production acids.
 On top of that, a larger share of gas in our production mix is perfectly aligned with our
 climate strategy.
 With a value of $2.25 billion the deal will be closed subject to conditions
 President, including approvals from our partners, from the consortium.
 Yesterday we announced the discovery of a new oil field block at a new oil field at
 Block 12 offshore Mexico after drilling the first exploration well.
 According to preliminary estimates, the initial oil in place reaches 250 million barrels.
 Do you mind?
 are the project operator with 60% share while any holding that holds the
 to meaning for two percent.
 and her successful wells were drilled and blocked in.
 said that we successfully carry on with a build up of new production cluster in
 the region. Now let me hand over back to Mr. Alexander Polyvode, who will present our results
 and downstream.
 Thank you Pavel, in the third quarter the refining markets environment continued to
 rapid let it cover. In Europe, the benchmark margin added 1.5 times quarter driven by an
 increase in the crack spreads of light products, primarily the diesel fuel on the back of the
 lining global inventories and demand growth caused, among other things, by high gas prices.
 As a result, for the first time since the beginning of the pandemic,
 crack spreads for diesel fuel return to their historical range.
 The margins also reflected a high-year-old discount,
 This is Brent crude oil.
 The Russian Benchmark, a refining margin nearly double-coated and coated, even exceeding the
 pre-pandemic levels. This came as a result of both the growth of European
 benchmark margin and higher exposure to differentials. In the third quarter, we
 continued increasing capacity utilisation of terrarium finders, flexibly responding to
 improvements in the market environment.
 The average daily refining throughput grew by 9% quarter to quarter to reach the 2019 average.
 Our domestic refineries increased their average daily throughput by 7% quarter-in-quarter as
 the capacity utilisation at Firm and Nizhny Novgorod define that is recovered after their
 maintenance in their second quarter this year.
 The increase in utilization was offset
 by scheduled maintenance at Uhtar and Volgograd refineries.
 That European plan averaged daily refining volumes grew more significantly by 12% quarter
 and quarter, as all our overseas facilities increase utilisation.
 The biggest contributors in absolute terms were the ISEB Defining Facility in Italy which
 optimised utilisation amid improved market environment and the burgers refinery in Bulgaria
 which should go with capacity after maintenance
 in the second school term.
 Our production slate also improved.
 Light product yield at domestic refineries
 added two percentage points quarter and quarter.
 mainly as a result of optimization measures driven by better market environment and stronger
 demand.
 Meanwhile, fuel oil yield remains flat, despite higher throughput volumes.
 The third quarter daily sales of motor fuels at our overseas filling stations reached the
 pre-pandemic Q3 2019 levels, while domestic retail sales even surpassed the numbers for
 the period.
 Aircraft feeling in the airfields where we operate continue to actively recover and
 the third quarter demonstrating robust quarter on quarter growth while in the
 In the second quarter, daily jet fuel sales went down 30% compared to the same period
 of 2019, the gap reduced to less than 20% in the third quarter.
 In the third quarter, improved refining margins led to a considerable increase in the Russian
 downstream margin, which is the difference between the net back for oil to be defined
 and sold in Russia through all sales channels and export netback.
 The maximised capacity utilisation resulted in lower oil exports despite high production
 volumes, yet exports of oil subject to lower rate
 Expo Dieter remain flat, quote, unquote.
 As for our financial performance in the downstream segment,
 the data remained virtually flat, quarter on quarter.
 Downstream EBITDA hindrashigri by 10% to 7% quarter and quarter,
 mostly on the back of high refining margins and throughput volumes.
 The growth was constrained by a weaker positive inventory effect at our refined
 For one reason, weaker results of petrochemical and detail businesses.
 Downstream of the downside of Russia declined by 57% quarter to quarter, fully offsetting
 the growth in Russia, mainly due to weaker results of international trading business
 and lower positive inventory effect at our overseas refineries.
 The impact of these factors was,
 partially offset by accounting specifics of hedging operations in our international trading
 business.
 refining margins and throughput volumes as well as improved results in the
 detail segment. In the nine months of 2021, downstream of the dire nearly doubled year
 with the bulk of this growth coming from operations in Russia.
 The bedingrush was driven mostly by stronger refining margins and throughput volumes.
 a positive effect from inventory that refineries and better results in the petrochemical segment.
 though partially offset by weaker results in retail business.
 downstream a bit outside of Russia was up 91% on the back of a positive
 inventory effect at refineries, improved performance of the retail segment and high throughput
 volumes.
 This year we are completing several refinery upgrade projects in Russia.
 As a reminder, we have already launched a number of secondary units, including the asphalting
 unit in Volgograd, as well as an isomerization unit and polymer bitumen binding production
 unit in Nizhny Novgorod.
 These projects are set to contribute to a better and wider product slate, along with quality improvements.
 By the end of the year, the Inision Inogrit refinery plans to complete the construction of a delayed coca.
 Now that construction and installation operations are almost safe and we keep testing process pipelines and equipment
 The launch of the delayed coca will bring our fuel oil yield down to below four percent
 In August we started a project to construct a catalytic cracking unit that's the PIRM
 refinery, which will enable the grip to increase the output of high-octane motor gasoline and commense
 production of polymerization grade properly and to be used as feedstock at our petrochemical facilities.
 I would also like to note that the delayed coca in Nizhny Novgorod and the catalytic cracking unit in Pem
 I conducted under the agreements with Russia's Ministry of Energy, providing for an investment
 increase in the reverse excise tax on the trolling page stock.
 Now let me briefly outline the major drivers behind our financial performance in the third
 quarter higher sales volumes with a key factor driving revenue and this comes
 and company with high prices.
 So, we have a driven increase of 18 cents,
 important for them.
 And then again, it's both own production.
 and uh...
 larger trading volumes. Our EBITDA hit an all-time higher of 355 billion
 renewables up at 5% quarter and quarter. We have already spoken in detail on EBITDA drivers
 for each segment.
 I would also like to note that EBITDA increase was dragged by the effect of
 and then to release in the second call term.
 as a result of our inventory. Back then,
 hence the contribution of this diva and the third quartos in material.
 Let me once again remind you that for the first time since the beginning of the pandemic,
 Now a quarterly result saw almost no impact from one or four carrying over factors, allowing
 to the normalised market environment.
 The company posted in its profits of 192 billion Rebos, nearly flat, quarter on quarter.
 The medagraph was partially offset by the effective
 income tax rate rising from 17 percent to 20 percent which was due to entry group asset
 sales as we streamlined our business in the second quarter, and the profit growth was
 also constrained by high depreciation on the back of rising production volumes.
 Free cash flow in the third quarter hit an all-time high of 228 billion Rebos up more
 than two-fold caught and caught him, as the working capital expanded by about...
 at 100 billing ribbons in the second quarter.
 the third quarter, the working capital change was minimal.
 only standing at six billion rubles.
 pre-cash flow before changes in the working capital, totalled 234 billion rubles, up 10%
 quarter on quarter.
 The key driver behind this growth was stronger operating cash flow on the back of rising
 business margins driven by an improved market environment.
 And...
 And also high production and throughput volumes. Before I conclude let me briefly talk about our expectations for this year.
 Given the existing decisions of the OPEC plus members to increase oil output, we expect
 hydrocarbon production to grow why about
 by about
 4% here in the A, excluding the West Kernet 2 project in Iraq.
 In downstream we expect our refining volumes to grow by up to 5% here in the air, as for
 rail investment activities, we expect the 2021 capital
 expenditures, excluding the West Gernet project to be within 450 billion rubles.
 The lever figure compared to our previously announced plans is explained by the savings
 achieved and partial cost transfer to 2010 to 2010, with its unique set of competitive
 advantages.
 continues to boast a strong and appealing investment story in the global oil and gas
 section.
 Thanks Joe, it's a good flexibility and high quality asset mix.
 we have been able to maximize the benefits
 from the market recovery, transforming it into a shareholder
 sense, using our effective dividend policy, we are optimistic about the prospects for
 oil demand and believe that we are in a position to continue developing our business across
 the board in terms of quantity and quality, with a due account for climate change and
 sustainability agenda at large.
 We plan to present the company's updated strategy in March of next year, along with the fourth quarter financial results.
 Thank you now for your attention and we are ready to take your questions
 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much for your time.
 Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please press star one on your
 telephone keypad. If you change your mind and wish to withdraw your question, please
 press star 1 again. I would like to remind you that questions from the press will not
 be accepted. Please ask questions in the corresponding language in Russian for the Russian line and
 in English for the English line.
 you will be advised when to ask your question.
 The first question comes from the Russian line from Karen Kostanian calling from Bank
 of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you for this presentation, gentlemen.
 Congratulations on your great results.
 I have two questions.
 one that changes to the high viscosity oil.
 now when are you expecting
 When you're expecting an end outcome from your arrangements with the government and
 if this agreement is achieved, by how much would you
 intend to increase your KPEX.
 and the output of oil in the fields in question.
 And my other question pertains to dividend from gas per net.
 I'm not sure, but whether you have mentioned that, what one are you expecting the first
 to what will be coming.
 Okay, let me handle your first question, on the 11th of November this year, the Russian
 Prime Minister, Mr. Ms. Schustin signed the government
 instruction to the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Energy.
 Thank you.
 determinists are to prepare proposals of how high viscosity oil fields are to be treated.
 Several options are being discussed currently. One option suggests that from 2020 onwards,
 high viscosity oil could be involved in production again, but the company is working at the same
 time to fast track that time frame. We could be assisted if OPEC plus quota is increased
 towards less of a constraint so that we could increase the total oil output at this point
 in time and cannot provide you with any further details, hence it's too early to discuss the
 CAPEX, we have a CAPEX plan, but then it will depend on the decision made by the
 government. What's most important is that there is a decision-bending. So in Q1 we'll
 see some parameters defined and then we'll be able to discuss those. This is definitely
 improves the citation as compared to the citation of totally cancelled text and
 And regarding your second question, that's Mr. Zdener speaking.
 We have not provided any of the parameters,
 The JV will be closed in the next year and a lot of work is still pending to prepare
 the production plan, we will update you accordingly. Thank you. Thank you.
 The next question comes from the Russian line from Angelina Glazova, calling from JP Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Good afternoon, thank you for an opportunity to ask a question, and I have a quick one
 on your KPEX.
 Now, if you're good, please share an indication for some indicative k-picks for 2022.
 Previously, you mentioned a number of around $500 billion, but now you have suggested some
 Some of the KPEX from this year will be transferred into next year, so can you update the next
 Thank you.
 Mr. Pagl has done a speaking considering our APEX outlook for 2022 we're finalizing
 in our budget for 2020 and the Board of Directors
 to approve it in December.
 The basic CAPEX target is $550 billion, excluding WESCIRN 2.
 And again, we have the flexibility, depending on the market's involvement, we can further
 updates this number next year.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the Russian line, from the line of Aleksandr Birgansky calling
 from a renowned capital. Please go ahead.
 Yes, good afternoon.
 Thank you for the presentation.
 I have three questions and all are related to upstream if I may.
 Could you suggest when the grind for field is expected to be launched that's question one my question to you is
 is a follow-up to Karen's question on the JV with Gastronypt.
 Can you confirm whether or not the JV will include some of the fields already
 be launched by Gaspernift on its own.
 as part of their neftegas and
 And my third question has a more philosophical nature.
 Now, if one assumes that the market environment is favourable price-wise and the OPEC plus
 constraints are listed with no negative developments of the taxation side.
 So what would be your estimate of the production growth potential for low-coil in Russia?
 I understand that your strategy may be different.
 from the actual opportunities that you see in the market.
 But what you're thinking, what's your organic growth
 of production based on these inputs.
 Thank you.
 The final is done, speaking on question one, the valeric graphy field is expected to be
 the launch at the end of 2020.
 That's our estimate.
 second question.
 Well, one field, the Tazovsky field, has been launched.
 the anchor field and there is a number of other fields over to the part of the JV to
 be launched further. Regarding the production growth potential if I follow your question,
 are asking about specific plans of production growth rather than some
 AXIC plans because if you consider our ESO space that's launch scale and our mid-term and long-term plans are there
 there with major changes to those plans given the constraints of the OPEC plus agreement.
 That agreement is still in place and we cannot know for how long these would last in the
 future.
 as part of our midterm plan, we would intend to ramp up back to the pre-crisis production
 numbers in terms of daily flows that would be next year in terms of the full year that
 That would be in 2023.
 We have very specific plans how to grow it further from that level onwards based on the
 the pre-crisis blends to 803, 804 millitons.
 Within three years, in Russia.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question comes from the English line, from the line of Ronald Smith calling from BCS.
 Please go ahead.
 A question on the delayed Cochrane, Mr. Noguda, once it's launched and it looks like you're
 finishing it very quickly.
 how long will it take to ramp up the full capacity?
 In other words, how long will the deep testing period be?
 Thank you.
 I was done with speaking construction is going to be finished pretty soon and Q1
 So we would expect the unit to ramp up to the design capacity in the first half of the year.
 of the year.
 Thank you
 The next question comes from the Russian line from the line of Andre Gramadin calling from SPIRT CIB. Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much for watching this video.
 Good afternoon, and thank you very much for the presentation.
 My question relates to your K-Pix for 2021.
 Let's see how that is.
 you have suggested the number of 250 billion variables excluding the
 request KERNA 2 project. However, in your account, I see the nine-month number extending
 slightly above $280 billion, maybe you could realistically assume a number of
 up to $400 billion rather than $450 billion, and how much of the costs have been transferred
 today, but to next year. It's not about 50 billion. Thank you.
 That was done speaking indeed some of the costs have been transferred and we suggest it would
 would be somewhat more than $20 billion.
 So we're still maintaining our guidance.
 and then there is savings, of course.
 So we would still maintain our guidance
 So it's entered into one at $450 billion.
 There is seasonality and one would suggest
 that Q4 will be slightly higher.
 Thank you.
 Alexander Poligoda speaking. We see there are no further questions on the line.
 Thank you for taking part in this goal, so see you next time.
 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today's conference. You may now replace your
 answer.