 Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Luke Oils third quarter and nine months
 2021 results conference call my name is molly and i'll be your coordinator for today's conference
 For the duration of the call,
 your lines will be on listen only however at the end of the presentation
 you will have the opportunity to ask questions.
 If at any time you need assistance, please press star zero and you will be connected to an operator.
 Please ask questions during the Q&A session in the corresponding language.
 Russian for the Russian line and in English for the English line. I would like to inform you that
 questions from the press will not be accepted. I will now hand you over to Alexander Pallavoda,
 Head of Investor Relations, to begin today's conference. Thank you.
 Here we go.
 Thank you. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
 and thank you for joining us today for this conference call on local results
 for the third quarter and nine months of 2021.
 On today's call, we have Mr. Alexander Meditsin, CFO, Mr. Pavel Zdanoff, Vice President for
 Finance as well as our colleagues from the accounting team. Before we move on
 to the presentation I would like to draw your attention to the fact that some of
 of the comments during this call constitute forward-looking
 statements involving risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual
 results to be materially different from what is expressed or implied by these forward-looking
 statements.
 You may find more detailed information on the slide.
 Now, I would like to hand over to Mr. Alexander Matitson.
 Thank you, Alexander. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
 In the third quarter, the market environment continued its recovery, which alongside an
 introduction to the market.
 in production volumes had a positive impact on our financial performance.
 High oil prices were underpinned by fast-moving recovery in demand, which led to a decline in global oil inventories on the back of Cech's OPEC Plus compliance.
 Additional support for oil demand came from record-high prices for other energy sources.
 the easing of external limitations, we kept ramping up oil production in the third quarter.
 Our average daily oil production in Russia was up 3% quarter and quarter and surpassed by 1% the previous year's level for the nine-month period.
 In the nine months of 2021,
 total hydrocarbon production added 2.5% year and year on the back of
 of recovering gas production overseas.
 Refining margins went back to their pre-crisis levels in the third quarter.
 We swiftly responded to the improved market environment and in the third quarter recovered
 our oil refinery capacity utilization back to their average 2019 level in the
 third quarter we hit all-time highs where the
 and free catch flow.
 The strong performance was driven by
 superior quality of our assets effective cost control and operational flexibility which enabled
 us to quickly grow production volumes as the market environment became more
 favourable.
 EBITDA for the third quarter totaled 355 billion rebounds.
 As a result, the bidder for the nine months doubled year-on-year.
 Free cash flow totaled 222 billion rubles and more than doubled quarter-on-quarter.
 This remarkable improvement was driven by a strong increase in working capital in the
 second quarter.
 The increase in free cash flow before changes in the working capsule amounted to 10%.
 Let me note that in contrast to previous periods, our third quarter results saw almost no impact
 from one-off or carrying-over factors.
 In other words, our results...
 We decided to capitalize on the extremely favorable debt market environment and in October successfully placed two euro bond tranches with maturities of 5.5 years and 10 years for a total of 2.3 billion US dollars.
 This is the largest ever single placement for the company.
 In October, the Board of Directors recommended paying an interim dividend for 2021 in the amount of 340 rubles per share.
 fully in line with our existing dividend policy.
 We keep improving our sustainable development management system
 as we recognize its importance for the effective implementation
 of the company's strategy and look-all investment story.
 One of our recent achievements is an improved position in the Transition Pathway Initiative,
 with TPI rating which assesses the quality of the climate management over
 the past year, the company
 also climbed up in other leading sustainability ratings.
 We always keep going beyond what we have achieved
 and are currently focusing on improving our practices
 in the areas of human rights, supply chain management, and other important aspects of
 sustainable development.
 In conclusion, let me remind you that until the end of the year,
 we are planning to complete our long-term strategy update, which will be presented in
 in the first quarter of 2022.
 Thank you. Now I'd like to hand David to Pavel Zdanev.
 Thank you, Alexander.
 I will now present our results in the upstream segment.
 Let's then begin with the price environment.
 In the third quarter, the average year old's oil price went up by 6% quote-unquote.
 However, the euro's net ruble price dropped by 2%, quote-unquote, due to the positive
 effect of the tax lag declining almost to zero and due to ruble appreciation.
 In the third quarter, the company continued to recover its oil output.
 the groups hydrocarbon production excluding risk and to exceeded 2.1
 million barrels of oil equivalent per day up 3.2 percent quarter and quarter
 as external limitations on oil production related to the OPEC Plus deal were eased up
 and gas production in Uzbekistan recovered after scheduled maintenance in the second quarter.
 We also carried on with our priority projects.
 For the nine months of 2021, their share in the total output grew by one percentage point.
 As part of oil production management, under external limitations, we continue to increase
 oil production at our material fields in Russia as instructed by the Ministry of
 energy.
 In the third quarter, oil production in Russia increased by 3.7% quarter-on-quarter.
 recovering by
 nearly 90% in November as compared
 to May 2020.
 The relaunch of shut-in wells was fast
 with no extra material costs or technological challenges.
 As of the beginning of November, our spare capacity in Josh
 and Josh
 at around 30,000 barrels per day, which means we are close to its full utilization and will
 employ additional drilling to ensure
 of the production ramp up.
 As a reminder, we started to gradually increase drilling volumes in Russia
 as early as in the second quarter of 2021.
 If the favorable environment persists and external production limitations are further lifted,
 we plan to keep expanding our drilling program further to deliver stable output growth.
 The upstream segment was the key contributor to our EBITDA growth in the second quarter.
 The segment of the Dow was up by 11%, quote-unquote.
 despite lowering that oil price in ruble figure for the Russian upstream segment increased by 7%.
 The growth was due to output recovery and superior production mix.
 side pressure went up by 38% quote-unquote driven by higher gas production in Uzbekistan
 and higher gas prices, coupled with stronger EBITDA of the West Corner 2 servicing project
 in Iraq on the back of high costs. For the nine months, upstream EBITDA
 are increased more than twofold year on year.
 The growth was driven mostly by the Russian upstream segment thanks to higher oil prices,
 ruble devaluation, and a positive tax lag effect.
 Embolized tax incentives for high-viscosity oil projects were a headwind.
 EBITDA outside Russia went up by 71%, supported by a rise in oil prices and increased gas production in Uzbekistan.
 Now let me move on to IoT projects.
 We continued production drilling in the Caspian Sea
 to maintain production
 at the Vladimir Filinovsky
 and Eureka-Chagin fields at the project level.
 In the third quarter, the Vladimir Filonovsky field saw the launch of another high-rate intelligent turbo TAML-5L with an initial flow rate of over 13,000 barrels of oil per day.
 As part of the Valeri-Greifer field development, we finished cabling wigs and are now laying
 subsea pipelines. Shipyards are complete in the construction of topsides of fixed, ice-resistant
 and living platforms.
 They're almost 90% complete and slated for offshore installation in the second quarter of next year.
 As for the D-33 field in the Baltic Sea, we received an approval of the Russian state
 Expert Review Panel for the design documentation and signed contracts for the construction
 of key facilities.
 supply of core equipment, and field infrastructure development.
 the manufacturing of offshore platform jacket and topside,
 along with onshore wigs, have now started.
 We continue to show impressive results in developing low permeability reserves.
 At our key fields in West Siberia, we are running an extensive drilling program
 with 146 wells drilled in the nine months
 and production up by 14% year-on-year.
 We keep working to enhance the efficiency of field development.
 Thanks to the optimized well design, rollout of unique technologies and individual approach to each well,
 we have been able to ramp up drilling speed while drastically cutting per unit drilling costs.
 At the Emelorsky field, in the third quarter, we
 the drilling speed of multi-hole wells by over 40% year-on-year reducing their
 per unit drilling costs by almost a quarter over the same period. In the third quarter, the
 threading and a little bit.
 field saw the horizontal well drilling speed increase by a third year and year
 with the per unit drilling cost dropping by nearly a quarter.
 Our advanced expertise in developing low permeability
 Reserves provides us with new opportunities for our asset portfolio expansion. In September,
 we signed an agreement with Gazprom Nift to create a joint venture based on the assets
 of Gazprom Neft subsidiary
 met it to Yach Neftegaz.
 The JV's geological reserves total over 1 billion tons of oil and around 500 billion cubic meters of gas.
 A considerable portion of the reserves lies with the Archimov formation.
 Our participation in the joint venture is fully in line with our strategy to focus on investments in Russia and tap into hard-to-recover reserves.
 In the nine months of 2021, high viscosity oil production in Timan-Pichoro was up by 2% year-on-year to reach 4 million tons.
 In the third quarter, however, daily production fell by 4% due to scheduled maintenance at
 the Usinskaya field.
 Let me remind you that before the start of this year, we work to consistently increase
 output at the Jaregskaye and Ossinskaye fields by making
 considerable investments in these projects.
 This year, we had to have a significant downscale of our investments as a result of cancel tax initiatives.
 still we maintain a dialogue with the government
 and hope for a decision to reinstate tax incentives for this category of reserves
 so that we continue their full-scale, economically efficient development.
 Let me move on to our projects abroad.
 I would like to start with our gas project in Uzbekistan.
 You may remember that in the second quarter, we conducted scheduled maintenance at production facilities, which led to a temporary decline in output from our gas projects in the country.
 In the third quarter, production recovered back to the level of Q4 2020.
 for the nine months of 2021
 Uzbekistan projects saw a 76 or nearly 80 percent increase in production compared
 to the same period of 2020. Our production target for 2021 is around 14 billion cubic meters of gas,
 which is in line with the pre-pandemic level.
 In October, we signed an agreement to acquire an interest in Shagdani's gas project in Azerbaijan.
 and please be reminded that we currently hold a 10% share,
 and that has been the case since 1996.
 As the Caspian region is of strategic importance for low-coil, the increased
 change.
 in Chardonnay, a project which bursts growing output and the strong access to sales markets
 naturally complements our portfolio of Caspian production assets. On top of that, a larger share
 of gas in our production mix is perfectly aligned with our climate
 strategy. With a value of 2.25 billion US dollars, the deal will be closed subject to conditions
 precedent including approvals from our partners from the consortium yesterday
 announced the discovery of the new oil field block at a new old field at block
 12 offshore Mexico after drilling the first exploration well. According to
 preliminary estimates the initial oil in place reaches 250 million barrels to
 mind we are the project operator with 60% share while any holding with holds
 the remaining 40%. Earlier, the successful wells were drilled at block 10. Having said that,
 we successfully carry on with a buildup of new production cluster in the region. Now let me hand
 And we'll be back to Mr. Alexander Pelyvodek, who will present our results in downstream.
 Thank you, Pavel.
 In the third quarter, the refining market environment continued to rapidly recover.
 In Europe, the benchmark margin added 1.5%, sorry, 1.5 times, 1.5 times quotes and quotes
 are driven by an increase in the crack spreads of light products, primarily diesel fuel on
 back of declining global inventories and demand growth caused, among other things, by high gas prices.
 As a result, for the first time since the beginning of the pandemic,
 crack spreads for diesel fuel return to their historical range.
 The margins also reflected a high euro discount versus Brent crude oil.
 The Russian benchmark refining margin nearly doubled quarter-in-quarter, even exceeding the pre-pandemic levels.
 This came as a result.
 of both the growth
 of the European benchmark margin and higher
 export data differentials.
 In the third quarter, we continued increasing capacity utilization at our refineries,
 flexibly responding to improvements in the market environment.
 The average daily refining throughput grew by 9% quarter-a-quarter to reach the 2019 average.
 Our domestic refineries increased their average daily throughput by 7% quarter-in-quarter as capacity utilization at PERM and Nizhna Inaugurda refineries recovered.
 after their maintenance in the second quarter this year.
 The increase in utilization was offset by scheduled maintenance at Uchta and Volgograd
 to finalize.
 At European plants, average daily refining volumes
 grew more significantly by 12% quarter and quarter as all our overseas facilities increased
 utilisation.
 The biggest contributors in absolute terms were the ISAB refining facility in Italy,
 which optimised utilisation amid improved market environment
 and the Burgas refinery in Bulgaria,
 which recovers capacity after maintenance in the second quarter.
 them.
 Reduction Slate also improved.
 light product yield at domestic refineries added two percentage points
 quarter-in-quarter, mainly as a result of optimization measures driven by better
 market environment and stronger demand.
 demand.
 Meanwhile, fuel oil yield remained flat, despite higher throughput volumes.
 The third quarter daily sales of motor fuels at our overseas filling stations
 reached the pre-pandemic Q3 2019 levels while domestic retail sales even surpassed the numbers
 for the period.
 Aircraft fueling in the airports where we operate
 continued to actively recover in the third quarter, demonstrating robust quarter-on-quarter
 growth.
 While in the second quarter daily jet fuel sales went down 30% compared to the same period of 2019,
 The gap reduced to less than 20% in the third quarter.
 to.
 In the state
 codes and improved refining margins led to
 considerable increase in the Russian downstream margin which is the
 difference between the net back for oil
 to be defined
 and sold in Russia through all sales channels and export netback.
 The maximized capacity utilization resulted in lower oil exports
 despite high production volumes, yet exports of oil subject to lower rate export data
 remain flat quarter on quarter.
 As for our financial performance in the downstream segment, EBITDA remained virtually flat quarter on quarter.
 Downstream EBITDA hinders sugary by 10% to 7% quarter and quarter,
 mostly on the back of high refining
 margins and throughput volumes, and the growth was constrained by a weaker
 and a weaker.
 inventory effect at our refineries and weaker results of petrochemical and
 retail businesses.
 Downstream and the outside of Russia declined by 57% quarter and quarter, fully offsetting
 the growth in Russia, mainly due to weaker results of international trading business
 and layer positive inventory effect
 at our overseas refineries.
 The impact of these factors was partially offset by accounting specifics of hedging operations in our international trading business,
 high refining margins, and throughput volumes, as well as improved results in the retail segment.
 In the nine months of 2021, downstream EBITDA nearly doubled year and year, with the bulk of this growth coming from operations in Russia.
 them, the Bedouin Drusher was
 driven mostly by stronger refining margins and throughput volumes, a positive effect
 from inventories at refineries
 and better results in the petrochemical segment.
 though partially offset by weaker results in retail business.
 The downstream EBITDA outside of Russia was up 91% on the back of a positive inventory effect at refineries, improved performance of the retail segment, and higher throughput volumes.
 This year, we are completing several refinery upgrade projects in Russia.
 As a reminder, we have already launched a number of secondary units, including the asphalting
 unit in Volgograd, as well as an esimerization unit and polymer-bitamine binder production
 unit in Nizhny Novgorod.
 These projects are set to contribute to a better and wider product slate, along with quality improvements.
 By the end of the year, the Nizhny Novgorit Refinery plans to complete the construction of a delayed coca.
 Now that construction and installation operations are only seven, we keep testing process pipelines
 and equipment.
 The launch of the delayed COCO will bring our fuel oil yield down to below 4%.
 In August, we started a project to construct a catalytic cracking unit, that's the PERM refinery,
 which will enable the group to increase the output of high-octane motor gasoline
 and commence production of polymerization grade propylene
 to be used as feedstock at our petrochemical facilities.
 I would also like to note that the delayed coca in Nizhny Novgorod and the catalytic cracking unit in PEM are conducted under the agreements with Russia's Ministry of Energy providing for an investment increment in the reverse excise tax on petroleum feedstock.
 Now, let me briefly outline the major drivers behind our financial performance in the third quarter.
 in. Higher sales volumes
 measures.
 With a key factor driving revenue.
 and this comes
 in company with high prices.
 So we have a revenue increase of 18 percent, quote-unquote.
 and then again
 it's both own production
 and larger trading volumes.
 Our EBITDA hit an all-time high of 355 billion rebounds, up 5%, quote-unquote.
 We have already spoken in detail on EBITDA drivers for each segment.
 I would also like to note that EBITDA increase was dragged by the effect of inventory release
 in the second quarter.
 as we shall depart
 of our
 inventory back then.
 hence the contribution of this
 drawn on that, and the third quarter was immaterial.
 Let me once again remind you that for the first time since the beginning of the pandemic,
 how a quarterly results saw almost no impact from one-off or carrying over factors going
 to the normalized market environment.
 The company posted in its profits of 192 billion rubles, nearly flat quarter-on-quarter.
 in.
 EBITDA growth was partially offset by the effective income tax rate rising from 17% to 20%, which was due to
 the extraction.
 acid
 sales as we streamlined our business
 in the second quarter.
 The profit growth was also constrained by higher depreciation on the back of rising production volumes.
 Free cash flow in the third quarter hit an all-time high of 228 billion rubles, up more than two-fold quarter in quarter.
 as the working capital expanded by about
 one
 bill
 100 billion rubles in the second quarter.
 In the third quarter, the working capital change was minimal, only standing at 6 billion
 Rebels. Free cash flow before changes in the working capital totaled 234 billion
 variables.
 up 10% quarter on quarter.
 The key driver behind this growth was stronger operating cash flow
 on the back of rising business margins
 driven by an improved market environment.
 movement, and also high production and throughput volumes.
 Before I conclude, let me briefly talk about our expectations for this year.
 Given the existing decisions of the OPEC Plus members to increase oil output, we expect
 hydrocarbon production to grow by about
 by about 4% here in the air, excluding the West Corner 2 project in Iraq.
 And downstream, we expect our refining volumes to grow.
 to grow by up to 5% here on the air.
 As for our investment activities, we expect the 2021 capital expenditures, excluding the
 future.
 community project to be within 450 billion rubles. The lower figure compared to our previously
 announced plans is explained by savings achieved and partial cost transfer to 2022 with its unique
 set of competitive advantages look well
 continues to boast a strong and appealing investment story
 in the global oil and gas sector.
 Thanks, Joe.
 a superb flexibility and high-quality asset mix, we have been able to maximize the benefits
 from the market recovery, transforming it into shareholder returns using our effective
 of dividend policy. We are optimistic about the prospects for oil demand and believe that we are
 in a position to continue developing our business across the board in terms of quantity and
 quality with due account for climate change and sustainability agenda at large.
 plan to present the company's updated
 strategy in March of next year, along with the fourth quarter financial results.
 Thank you.
 now for your attention and we are ready to take your questions ladies and
 gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please press star one on your
 telephone keypad. If you change your mind and wish to withdraw your question, please press star one
 again. I would like
 to remind you that questions from the press will not be accepted. Please ask questions in the
 corresponding language in Russian for the Russian line and in English for the
 English line. You will be advised
 when to ask your question.
 The first question comes from the Russian line from Karen Kostanian calling from Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you for this presentation, gentlemen.
 and congratulations on your great results.
 I have two questions.
 one that tends to earn the high-viscosity oil.
 Now, when are you expecting an outcome from your arrangements with the government?
 and if this agreement is achieved, by how much would you intend to increase your CAPEX
 and the output of oil in the fields in question.
 And my other question pertains to Devin from Gaspar Neft.
 I'm not sure whether you have mentioned that.
 but when are you expecting the festival to be coming?
 Okay, let me handle your first question.
 On the 11th of November this year, the Russian Prime Minister, Mr. Mishustin, signed the
 government instruction to the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Energy.
 In Q1, the two ministries are to prepare proposals of how high viscosity oil fields should be treated.
 Several options are being discussed currently.
 One option suggests that from 10 to 10 to 10 onwards,
 high viscosity, oil could be involved in production again, but the company is working at the same
 time to fast
 to track that time frame.
 We could be assisted if OPEC plus quota is increased
 with less of a constraint so that we could increase the total oil output at this point
 in time and cannot provide you with any further details hence it's too early to
 discuss the CAPEX.
 We have a CAPEX plan, but then it will depend on the decision made by the government.
 What's most important is that there is a decision pending.
 So in Q1, we'll see some parameters defined, and then we'll be able to discuss those.
 This definitely improves the situation as compared to the situation of totally cancelled text
 incentives.
 And regarding your second question, that's Mr. Zdano speaking.
 We have not provided any of the parameters.
 the JV was
 sometimes they have to be closed
 early next year
 and a lot of work
 is still pending
 to prepare the production plan
 we will update you accordingly.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the Russian line from Angelina Glauzova calling from JP Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Good afternoon.
 Thank you for an opportunity to ask a question,
 and I have a quick one on your CAPEX.
 Now, if you could, please share an indication for some indicative CAPEX for 2022.
 to.
 Previously, you mentioned a number of around $500 billion, but now it's a number of $500
 you have suggested some of the capex from this year will be transferred into next year so can
 any updates to the next year's vigor.
 Thank you.
 Mr. Pavelsdano speaking.
 Considering our APEX outlook for 2022, we're finalizing our budget for 2022 and the board
 objectives is to approve it in December.
 the basic
 The CAPEX target is 550 billion rubles, excluding
 risk in two.
 And again, we have the flexibility, depending on the market involvement, we can further
 update this number next year.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from the Russian line, from the line of Alexander Burgansky, calling
 from Renounce Capital, please go ahead.
 Yes, good afternoon.
 Thank you for the presentation.
 I have three questions, and all are related to Upstate, Michalini.
 could you suggest
 When the gripe field is expected to be launched, that's question one.
 My question, too, is a follow-up to Karen's question on the JV with gas from NIP.
 Can you confirm whether or not the JV will include some of the fields already launched
 by Gaspel Nift on its own.
 as part of
 next to guys
 And my third question has a more philosophical nature.
 Now, if one assumes that the market environment is favourable price-wise and the OPEC plus
 constraints
 are listed with no negative developments of the taxation side.
 So what would be your estimate of the production growth potential for Lukoil in Russia?
 I understand that your strategy may be different from the actual opportunities that you see in the market,
 but what's your thinking?
 what's your organic growth
 of production based on these inputs.
 Thank you.
 Farrell Dunner speaking.
 On question one, the polygraphic field is expected to be launched at the end of 2022.
 That's our estimate.
 Second question, well, one field, the Tazovsky field, has been launched.
 That's the anchor field, and there is a number of other fields which would be part of the
 JV to be launched further regarding the production growth potential if I follow
 a question.
 you are asking about specific plans of production growth rather than some abstract plans because if
 If you consider our resource-based, that's large scale.
 And our mid-term and long-term plans are there with major changes to those plans,
 given the constraints of the OPEC plus agreement that agreement is still in
 place and we cannot know for how long these would last in the future. However, as part of our
 mid-term plan, we would intend
 to ramp up back to the pre-crisis
 production numbers.
 In terms of daily flows,
 that
 would be
 next year. In terms of the full year that would be 2023. We have very specific
 plans how to grow it further
 from that level onwards
 based on the pre-crisis plans to 83-84 million tonnes
 Within three days.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question comes from the English line from the line of Ronald Smith calling from BCS.
 Please go ahead.
 A question on the delayed Cochrane, Mr. Noon-Guerud.
 once it's launched.
 and it looks like you're finishing it very quickly.
 how long will it take to ramp up to full capacity?
 In other words, how long will the testing period be?
 Thank you.
 I was down to speaking.
 Construction is going to be finished pretty soon in Q1 2022, so we would expect the unit to ramp up to the design capacity in the first half of the year.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the Russian line
 from the line of Andre Gramardin
 calling from
 CIB, please go ahead.
 Good afternoon. Thank you very much for the presentation.
 My question relates to your CAPEX for 2021.
 This year, that is, you have suggested a number of 450 billion rubles, excluding the West
 Kona 2 project.
 However, in your accounts, I see the nine-month number standing slightly above 280 billion.
 then maybe you could realistically assume a number of up to 400 billion
 rather than four hundred and fifteen and how much of the costs have been transferred
 David to next year is not about 50 billion.
 Thank you.
 Parvelsdana speaking. Indeed, some of the costs have been transferred, and we suggest it would be somewhat more than $20 billion.
 so we still maintain our guidance
 and then there is some savings of course
 So we would still maintain our guidance for 2021 at $450 billion.
 there is seasonality and
 one would suggest that Q4 will be slightly higher.
 Thank you.
 Alexander Poligoda speaking.
 We see there are no further questions on the line.
 Thank you for taking part in this call.
 see you next time
 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today's conference. You may now replace your hand, sir.