 Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Monroe Inks Earnings Conference Calls for the
 the third quarter fiscal 2020.
 This time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 Later, we will conduct a question and answer session
 and instructions will follow at that time.
 If anyone should require assistance during the call, please press star zero on your touch
 phone.
 As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, this conference is being recorded and may not be
 reproduced in whole or in part without permission from the company.
 I would now like to introduce Ms. Maureen Mulholland, Senior Vice President, General Counsel and
 Secretary Munro. Thank you. Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Hello, everyone, and thank you for joining us on this morning's call.
 Before we get started, please note that as part of the call this morning, we will be
 referencing a presentation that is available on the Investors section of our website at
 www.corporate.munro.com, backslash investors, backslash investor resources.
 If I could draw your attention to the safe harbor statement on slide two of the presentation,
 I'd like to remind participants on this morning's call that our presentation includes some
 formal...
 forward-looking statements about Monroe's future performance.
 results may differ materially from those suggested by our comments today.
 The most significant factors that could affect future results are outlined in Monroe's filings
 with the SEC, and in our earnings release.
 The company disclaims any intention or obligation
 to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
 event or otherwise, except as required by law.
 Additionally, on today's call, management statements include a discussion of certain
 non-GAP financial measures, which are intended to supplement and not be substitutes for comparable
 gap measures.
 The conciliations of such supplemental information to the Comprehable Gap Measures will be included
 as...
 as part of today's presentation and in our earnings release.
 With that, I'd like to turn the call over to our President and Chief Executive Officer,
 Brett...
 content.
 All right.
 Thank you, Marine.
 Good morning, everyone.
 Thanks for joining us.
 I'll get started today with a brief overview
 of our third quarter results followed by an update
 on the progress we've made on our mangrove forward strategy.
 As illustrated on slide three, we reported comps down 0.9% in the third quarter as higher
 year over year ticket was offset by negative traffic. In October and the
 beginning of November, we performed well against difficult comparisons in the prior
 year.
 Mild weather conditions towards the end of November and in December caused the slowdown
 and across our core northern markets.
 These conditions have continued into January,
 with our comparable store sales down 4% during the month.
 We do not like talking about the weather.
 However, it is impossible to ignore the impact it has on our business.
 While we are not satisfied with our financial results this quarter, we are executing well
 against the areas within our control. In particular, we continue to move deeper into our company
 transformation and are confident we are on the right path.
 We are committed to making the necessary changes across our organization to position
 us to deliver strong results no matter the external circumstances.
 circumstances.
 Moving on to our performance by category in the third quarter. We were down 1% year-over-year and tires comparable store sales as
 as higher ticket year over year was offset by a decline in tire volume.
 We experienced more normalized retail pricing this quarter and are focused on further refining
 in our entire strategy to drive strength
 in our largest category.
 And importantly, we are on track to roll out our entire category management and pricing
 system beginning in the first quarter of fiscal 2021, which will enable a more dynamic and
 sophisticated approach to real-time pricing.
 I'll provide more details on this shortly.
 Turning to our service and repair categories, we saw a 3% decline in brakes year-over-year,
 falling short of a difficult comparison
 on the third quarter last year.
 In maintenance we were flat, while front-end shocks were down 1% and alignments declined
 percent here over here.
 Overall, our southern markets outperformed our northern markets, as expected, given the
 mile winter weather conditions we faced in this region. New stores added 22.7 million
 and revenue during the quarter, including $20.7 million from recent acquisitions.
 regarding our most larger performance during the quarter.
 We saw the client of 20 basis points compared to the prior year of period, primarily during
 driven by the decrease in our comparable store sales,
 which resulted in higher fixed cost
 the percentage of sales.
 Our variable margin, on the other hand,
 Expanded due to lower year-over-year material cost
 the percentage of sales, while slightly higher than the prior year quarter, technician labor
 as a percentage of sales decreased sequentially from last quarter.
 This is a good example of us executing well
 against the areas within our control.
 identified issues last quarter that arose from our transformation and took
 corrective action to drive improved results. We will have additional
 opportunities to continue to improve results in this area as we implement our cloud-based
 towards staffing and scheduling model
 towards the end of this fiscal year,
 which will be critical for us
 to see mostly adjust the changes in demand dynamics
 without sacrifice and sales.
 I'd now like to turn to the progress we've made in our
 and roll forward strategy.
 beginning with our store rebrand and re-image initiative on slide 4.
 This initiative focuses on creating a more consistent store appearance while also implementing
 standardized in-store operating procedures,
 which we call our Monroe Playbook.
 Additionally, we are rebranding select stores
 to a tire-oriented banner where targeted demographics favor
 this type of store format in order to increase tire sales without sacrificing service revenues.
 During the first half of fiscal 2020, we finalized the transformations of our first group of
 which includes 44 locations in Rochester, New York,
 and the Mid-Atlantic, as well as the second group, which includes 43 stores in our southern
 market.
 During the third quarter we continue to scale this initiative across our base and move forward with the transformation of 74 stores and four markets and
 and 42 of our recently acquired California stores.
 We have completed the transformation of the 74 stores, and have substantially completed
 at our California stores, which are being repranded
 under our Tire Choice Auto Service Center banner
 to drive higher awareness for tires.
 Turn into slide 5.
 I'd like to provide some additional context regarding our strategic rationale as we transform
 our store base.
 As many of you know, we operate in two store formats.
 Our service brand stores, which generate approximately $600,000 per store in annualized sales and
 and our tire brand stores which generate approximately 1.2 million per store in annualized sales.
 Compared to any rebrand activity, we operated 555 service brand stores and 734 tire brand
 stores.
 And as we work to create a nationwide chain of consistently
 operating stores, we are prioritizing the higher-volume tire brand.
 Without this process, we will be consolidating our regional brands, focusing on shifting
 in our service brands over the tire brand.
 The lower number of brands will also
 will allow us to improve our marketing productivity.
 While we speak to re-imaging scores, this primarily means modernizing the appearance
 of our stores with no associated grand change.
 as we are making decisions regarding rebranding
 versus re-imaging stores,
 we are leveraging our analytical model,
 as well as taking into account our brand equity
 in that market.
 Looking at the bottom left of the slide, you can see here the progress we have made so far.
 We are very much in the early endings of this transformation with 203 stores substantially
 completed out of our portfolio.
 We separated these stores out between compstores and non-compstores, which helps us to evaluate
 their performance post-refresh.
 of our approximately 900 comp stores that we set out to transform, we've completed one
 134 stores, and of our approximately 150 non-comp stores, we've substantially completed
 As we move forward with expanding this program across our base, we will continue to prioritize
 market that we expect will drive the largest benefit to our sales performance and our
 approach will be measured in order to keep sales disruption to a minimum.
 Through the end of this fiscal year, we are focusing on finalizing the transformation
 of our recently acquired California stores.
 while starting the transformation
 of approximately 80 more stores that will be completed
 in Q1 of FY21.
 Moving on to the performance of the stores we've completed so far to help provide some
 additional...
 granularity, we separated out how rebrand stores have
 have performed versus the stores that have just been re-imaged.
 Importantly, this data only includes comp stores
 has had a full quarter of performance.
 following the completion of their transformation.
 This is how we will speak to this performance of our transform stores moving forward.
 As you can see, and in line with our expectations,
 we see a significant sales lift when we rebrand stores.
 This shift optimizes our brand awareness
 and increases our tire sales
 without sacrificing our service revenues.
 The stores that had been re-imaged were slightly down,
 as these are located in our northern markets,
 which were impacted by the mild weather conditions
 mentioned earlier.
 We believe this performance clearly highlights the strong opportunity we have and the benefits
 to come with a streamlined brand portfolio.
 The 74 stores that we recently completed and are not included in this calculation, given
 and they have not had a full quarter post-transformation yet,
 but we are still, we are seeing early signs of strength
 at these stores and are pleased with the results.
 while we still have a while to go to roll this program out
 to our entire base, the sustained performance we've
 seen at the stores that have completed the transformation
 to date.
 scores the impact of this important initiative.
 Moving to slide six and the remainder of our Monroe Forward Initiatives, I'd like to focus
 my discussion on the initiatives that are top priority, which we believe will be critical
 both in supporting our broader strategy.
 In a third quarter, we began modernizing our store,
 IT infrastructure at all of our approximately 1,300 locations.
 This new infrastructure enables state-of-the-art technology, including our new digital phone
 in texting system, which is a major step towards improving the overall customer experience.
 system will allow us to better track customer execution, driving a more consistent phone
 strategy and improved conversion.
 Our store infrastructure modernization will be completed by the end of the first quarter
 of fiscal 2021, allowing us to leverage our new phone system, which will be critical to
 driving traffic to our stores.
 Another priority for us is the optimization
 of our entire category of management.
 We are on track, and by the end of this fiscal year,
 we expect our new pricing software will be operational.
 We believe this will be critical
 to driving long-term margin expansion.
 by providing improved visibility into demand dynamics,
 allowing us to better refine our assortments
 and execute our strategy to become the number one
 destination for tires at any price point.
 Finally, we are right on track to roll out our cloud-based
 for a scheduling model pilot by year-end.
 gaining real-time visibility into our labor model
 via the cloud will help us be more effective and strategic,
 ensuring we are not understaffed and losing sales
 or over staff when there is a lack of demand.
 Regarding our other team main initiatives,
 We have rolled out the Monroe University program
 to all of our teammates and are continuing to expand
 and enhance the course content.
 We've also implemented mandatory onboard training
 to ensure that everyone who joins our team
 is trained on our Monroe playbook, Operating Procedures.
 in order to provide a quality five star experience
 to our customers.
 Moving on to slide 7, while we are very focused on the rollout of Monroe Forward,
 Acquisitions remain a cornerstone of our growth strategy.
 During the quarter, we closed the previously announced acquisitions of three companies,
 One with 14 locations in Las Vegas, Nevada,
 and four in Boise, Idaho, as well as two companies that
 include nine stores in Northern California.
 further solidifying our growing position
 in the Western United States.
 Our presence in this region allows us to better service.
 national accounts, as well as benefit from the high concentration of vehicles in this
 market and the potential long-term consumer shift to ride sharing.
 The acquisition in Nevada and Idaho, which are new states to Monroe, is expected to add
 approximately 20 million in annualized sales,
 Represented sales makes a 75% service and 25% tires.
 The acquisitions in California are expected to add approximately $25 million in annualized
 sales.
 represent his sales mix of 55% service and 45% tires.
 These acquisitions are expected to be diluted to diluted earnings per share in fiscal 2020.
 Overall, acquisitions announced and completed in fiscal 2020 collectively represent and
 expected 120 million in annualized sales.
 We operate in a very fragmented industry
 with significant opportunities for further consolidation.
 and we believe we are a well positioned
 to continue to execute.
 on our robust pipeline of attractive M&A targets.
 We currently have over 10 NDA signs with opportunities ranging from five to 40 stores, which we believe
 will allow us to maintain our leadership position
 in the markets we serve.
 while continuing to expand our geographic footprint
 into attractive and underserved regions.
 Further, by continuing to execute our Mineral Forward Initiatives, including our new brand
 standards and operating procedures.
 We expect to integrate our new acquisitions more effectively and efficiently.
 Lastly, we open one Greenfield location during the third quarter, bringing our total Greenfield
 store openings to seven in fiscal 2020. In conclusion, we are confident we are on the
 a right track to drive future success in our business.
 We are in the early innings of a significant company
 transformation that will result in a platform capable of delivering sustainable long-term
 growth. We are not there yet, nor do we expect our results to be linear as we move through
 of the transformation.
 But we are committed to driving the necessary changes to improve our business, make any
 appropriate...
 of course corrections when necessary and executing well against the areas within our control.
 I'd like to thank you for your time.
 to thank the entire team at Monroe for their exceptional work as we execute this strategy,
 as well as our customers and shareholders for their continued support.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to our Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
 officer and treasurer, Brian Theon Brozier, who will provide additional details on our
 third quarter financial performance and fiscal 2020 outlook.
 Thank you, Brett.
 everyone, turning to slide 8 in our performance during the quarter. Sales increased 6.2% year-over-year
 to $329.3 million, driven by sales from new stores of $22.7 million, including $20.7
 million dollars from recent acquisition, partially offset by a decrease in sales from closed
 stores of approximately $0.8 million.
 Same-store sales in the quarter were down 0.9% year-over-year.
 The third quarter of fiscal 2020 had 89 selling days,
 in line with the previous year period.
 gross margin decreased 20 basis points to 37.8% in the third quarter of fiscal 2020 from
 from 38% in the prior year period.
 This decrease was partially due to an increase in distribution and occupancy costs as the
 person...
 manage of sales as we lost leverage on these largely fixed costs with lower comparable
 store sales.
 However, as Brett mentioned, we saw improvements in our variable margin driven by lower material
 cost as a percentage of sales.
 expenses for the quarter increased $5.5 million to $92.8 million or 28.2% of sales as compared
 with $87.3 million or 28.1% of sales for the prior year period.
 The year-over-year dollar increase includes expenses from 103 net news stores.
 Our operating income for the third quarter was $31.6 million, which increased by 2.8%
 as compared to operating income of $30.7 million for the same quarter last year, and decreased
 is a percentage of sales from 9.9% to 9.6%.
 That interest expense for the third quarter increased $0.2 million to $7 million as compared
 to $6.8 million in the same period last year.
 The weighted average debt outstanding for the third quarter of fiscal 2020 increased
 by approximately $112 million is compared to the prior year period.
 The increase is primarily related to an increase in financing lease that recorded in connection
 with our fiscal 2020 acquisitions and green field expansion, as well as an increase in
 that outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility to fund the purchase of our acquisition.
 The weighted average interest rate for the third quarter decreased by approximately 140
 basis points year-over-year due to lower LIBOR and prime interest rates as well as lower
 barring rates associated with new leases.
 Our effective tax rate was 24.1 percent for the third quarter compared to 15.3 percent
 for the same period last year.
 The year-over-year increase is primarily due to a one-time income tax benefit adjustment
 we realized in the prior year related to a retroactive accounting method change, which
 which was related to certain deductions that the IRS accepted during the examination of
 our fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2017 tax returns.
 That income for the third quarter was $18.9 million, compared to $20.5 million in the
 prior year period.
 Deluded earnings per share for the third quarter of fiscal 2020 were 56 cents compared to deluded
 earnings per share of $0.61 in the third quarter of fiscal 2019.
 deluded earnings per share, which is a non-GAP measure, for the third quarter of fiscal two
 2020 was $0.60, which excludes from diluted earnings per share, $0.03 of costs related
 related to Monroe Forward Initiatives and one cent of cost related to acquisition due
 due diligence and integration.
 compares to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.57 in the third quarter of fiscal
 2019, which excluded one cent of costs related to Monroe Forward Initiatives, one cent of
 of non-recurring corporate and field management
 and six cents benefit from the one-time income tax adjustment.
 For more information on this non-GAP measure, please see the Reconciliation of Adjusted
 diluted earnings per share to diluted earnings per share in our earnings
 Lastly, we opened one Greenfield location during the third quarter.
 As a reminder, greenfield stores include new construction as well as the acquisition
 of one-to-four store operation.
 Greenfield locations on average are expected to add approximately $1 million each in annual
 sales.
 As of December 28, 2019, the company had 1,289 company operated stores and 99 franchise
 location.
 as compared with 1,186 company-operated stores
 and 99 franchise locations as of December 29, 2018.
 During the third quarter, we had a 27 company operated stores and closed none.
 According to slide 9, we continue to maintain our disciplined approach to capital allocation
 as we execute our growth strategy.
 Our capital expenditures were $42.2 million
 in the first nine months of fiscal 2020.
 of which approximately $18 million was related to investments in our Monroe Forward Initiative.
 We are pleased with the progress of our Monroe Forward Strategy, and we continue to expect
 an incremental $75 million in capital expenditures above our normal run rate over five years
 to support investments in story image and technology.
 Additionally, accretive acquisitions support our growth strategy during the first nine
 Within months of the year, we spent approximately $104 million on acquisitions, including one
 to four store acquisitions completed as part of our greenfield expansion strategy.
 As Brett mentioned, acquisitions announced and completed in fiscal 2020 collectively
 represent and expected $120 million in annual eye sales.
 I'd like to provide some additional clarity here.
 The $120 million in sales represents the expected run rate for these stores once they
 have been fully integrated, which, as we've stated in the past, is usually in year 3 post
 to...
 acquisition.
 During years one and two, following the acquisition, we typically see a step down in sales, given
 in the process of onboarding new stores to our model.
 Moving on, we continue to be committed to returning capital to our shareholders through
 our Dividend Program and paid approximately $22 million in dividends in the first nine
 months of fiscal 2020.
 Finally, we remain focused on maintaining a solid balance sheet with ample flexibility
 to the...
 support our strategic growth initiatives.
 We enter the...
 third quarter with strong leverage ratios and have ample room under our financial
 Covenant.
 We generated approximately $125 million of cash flow from operating activities during
 in the first nine months of fiscal 2020,
 And debt under our revolving credit facility increased by approximately $59 million.
 Now, turning to our outlook for fiscal 2020 on slide 10.
 We have...
 I've updated our fiscal 2020 Comparable Store Sales Guidance Range to a decrease of one
 percent to flat to reflect the impact of our year-to-day performance.
 Based on the updated comparable store sales guidance and the contribution from recently
 closed acquisition.
 We now anticipate fiscal 2020 sales to be in the range of $1,275,000,000 to $1,290,000,000
 An increase of 6.2% to 7.5% is compared to fiscal 2019 sales.
 This compared...
 to the previous sales guidance range of $1,295,000,000 to $1,315,000,000.
 Our guidance assumes relatively stable overall tire
 oil cost for the balance of fiscal 2020.
 Given the impact of our year-to-day performance, we expect fiscal 2020 earnings for diluted
 chair to be in the range of $2.25 to $2.35, representing a decline of 5.1% to .8% year
 year-over-year compared to $2.37 in fiscal 2019.
 This compares to the previous guidance of $2.45 to $2.55 on an adjusted basis, which
 which is a non-gap measure.
 The company expects diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.35 to $2.45, representing
 it the...
 decline of 1.7% to growth of 2.5%, which excludes from diluted earnings per share, Monroe Forward
 initiative costs, and acquisition due diligence and integration costs.
 This comparison...
 shares to adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.39 in fiscal 2019, which excluded Monroe
 forward initiative costs, non-recurring, corporate and field management realignment costs, acquisition
 due diligence and integration costs and the benefit from the one-time income tax adjustment.
 announced and completed in fiscal 2020 are expected to be diluted to earnings per diluted
 chair during the year.
 at the midpoint of our guidance range,
 We expect an operating margin of approximately 10.2 percent interest expense to be approximately
 $29 million, depreciation and amortization to be approximately $65 million, and EBITDA
 to be approximately $196 million.
 We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $60 million this year.
 This guidance reflects an effective tax rate of approximately 23.5 percent and is based
 on 34 million diluted weighted average shares outstanding.
 As always, our guidance does not assume any future acquisitions or Greenfield store openings.
 I'll now turn the call over to Brett to provide some closing remarks before we move to Q&A.
 Thanks, Brian.
 We are making solid strides in the execution of our Monroe-Folver strategy, in particular
 our store rebrand and re-image initiative.
 The strong results of the locations that have completed this transformation underscored
 our confidence in this initiative.
 for a rebrand and re-image program is further supported by our technological
 investments which we believe will help drive long-term margin expansion.
 In summary, we remain committed to driving the necessary changes to improve our business,
 in the appropriate course corrections when necessary, and executing well against the
 the areas within our control.
 We are excited for our future and look forward to capitalizing on the attractive opportunities
 in heaven.
 Without
 I will now turn the call over to the operator for questions.
 Thank you.
 At this time we will.
 conducting a question and answer session.
 If you would like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 A confirmation tone will indicate your line is in the question queue.
 You may press star two if you would like to remove your question from the queue.
 For participants using speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset
 before pressing the star keys.
 Once again, that is star one to register questions at this time.
 Your first question is coming from Brian Nagel of Oppenheimer.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning.
 Morning, Brian.
 So I want to focus, and I apologize for focusing on the weather here, but I do just want to
 dive a little deeper into sales trends in the quarter.
 So, Brett, you mentioned, I think, Brian, that you did too, and you prepared comments
 It's just you made some comment, commentary suggesting that to the degree to which weather
 impact of the business.
 I was wondering if you could
 drill down a little further and say what that negative .9 comp would have been had the weather
 they're cooperated and some of the other metrics you're seeing that really suggest
 the underlying business is trending better than what we saw in the weather-affected fiscal
 Q3.
 Yeah, I'll take the first part and I'll let Brian take the second part of the question Brian
 And when we look at the performance in the corridor,
 We talked about our northern markets certainly underperform the southern markets and give
 be a little more granularity on that.
 Certainly, our stores up in the northeast and the Midwest were where you would expect
 to have more exposure to weather conditions, like you have in the Northeast, certainly
 underperform.
 I think it's difficult to say what we would have done.
 Certainly, I think we were expecting positive comps in the quarter.
 internal expectations would have been closer to plus one to plus one-and-a-half, assuming
 normalize weather conditions that we have seen in the past.
 We felt really good coming out of October-November, given the strength of last year's performance
 that we were copping against and didn't get the cooperation from the weather in December
 that we were certainly expecting.
 As I made the comments in my preparatory remarks, we certainly don't like talking about the
 weather, Brian, but we can't ignore the fact that when 50% of our business is
 tires and we have a high concentration of stores in the northeast and midwest we
 We are going to have outsized exposure to our account performance.
 Brian, would you mind restating the second part of your question?
 Well, I think, look, I think you covered, right, maybe I'll just bounce to a follow-up question
 if I could.
 So the guide, the adjusted guidance that you mentioned, so in January, you were, I think,
 a...
 negative 4.
 Now, if I'm doing...
 in the math.
 as though the adjusted guidance would suggest some type of pickup then in business in February
 We'll get to the first question, is that assumption correct?
 And then...
 The following question is, I know we've seen this before with your business, but at what
 point does, because we still have a long, we have potentially a long time in the winter,
 the weather could still come, but is there a point at which, in the quarter where the
 the weather has come too late.
 Yeah, so Brian, your assumption is correct regarding the...
 regarding the implied comp.
 So if you think about Q4 at the midpoint of, let's say,
 say, down 0.5 for the full year, down 0.5, that implies Q4 of down 2, which would be
 about February and March being down one in order to get to that down two so that that's
 the dynamic at the midpoint, so there is an expectation of a pickup in February and March.
 And Brian, maybe just to comment on the second part, you know, as we get deeper into the
 the fourth quarter, our fourth quarter,
 the second half of the quarter in particular.
 I think we've become less sensitive to the weather
 as you transition out of, say, pure winter conditions
 into spring.
 Certainly, I think, you know, the later in the quarter you get snowfall,
 It certainly doesn't have the same impact on tire demands like you would find in our
 business if we got snowfall in October or November.
 are pretty frifty with their money and I believe you get snowfall late in the
 the season, they have a tendency to forego that purchase and push it out till next season
 in particular.
 The other thing to call out as well is,
 If you look at our historic performance at the company,
 December and January have always been the most volatile months that we had to contend
 well.
 What we've seen in fast performance here, friends coming out of December-January don't
 necessarily reflect what you see in the spring months.
 So, given the mild December, January heading into the balance of the quarter, we feel pretty
 good about the guidance range we provided. As Brian said, our midpoint assumes that on
 on the low end of our comp sales guidance
 It assumes run rate coming out of January,
 which we certainly believe we're gonna be better than that
 as we roll into FY21.
 I appreciate all the color. Thank you
 Thanks, Brian.
 Thank you.
 question is coming from Jonathan Lamers of BMO Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
 Thanks
 Brett, looking at your slide on the store rebranding, the 18% performance of the rebranded
 stores I think is good.
 I'm curious, from your analytic model,
 How many years should it take a rebranded store
 to reach projected run rate sales.
 So, if you look at the top quadrant of that slide, Jonathan, we've shared down with the
 investors, the fact that our service stores do roughly $600,000 in revenue and our tire
 There's no million, too.
 So in the case where we're rebranding the service store,
 you're working off a base on average of $600,000 and if we've seen, I'll call it double-digit
 top improvement off of that base, you can get to implied numbers certainly on how fast
 or how long it would take to ramp to the full maturity
 equally in the average sales performance
 of our entire brand of stores.
 And that's one of the things that's encouraging about the strategy for us, is not that it's
 It's just the one-time step up in sales.
 This creates the opportunity to create multiple years
 of sustainable growth as our brand and our positioning
 Our brand-related tires start to mature.
 keep in mind the entire purchase cycle with consumers is anywhere from two to four years.
 So if we rebrand right before a consumer made that decision to buy tires, we won't be
 relevant necessarily to that consumer for two to three years out.
 So to put that on a timeline, if you're looking at three to five years to certainly mature
 out to average sales performance of a entire brand of store.
 Okay, so just to circle up on that for the fours where you're rebranding, there's nothing
 about
 their market, you would expect that those stores would have sales comparable to your
 existing tire brand stores is a 1.2 million, is that correct?
 Yeah, as a general statement, that's correct.
 I think certainly you're going to have markets that will exceed the average and you'll have
 some markets that will be lower than that, and that's part of the choices that we make
 using the analytic model.
 but put on average as we look across our,
 I'll say the opportunity scores, that being the 555.
 I think we feel very comfortable on average
 that we can reach the full potential of the 1.2 over time
 as they mature.
 Thanks.
 Switching gears, Brian, how much of a headwind to that revenue from acquisition were the conversions
 of the 42 California stores this quarter.
 Yeah, I mean we had you know some disruption there. I would say you know
 We haven't really quantified that from a sales standpoint, but, you know, that's a great
 point, Jonathan, in that we have immediately put the news
 stores that we acquire on the Monroe Playbook, and then shortly thereafter, in this case
 about six months, get the re-image in-store brand standards in place.
 So in Q3, the 42 California stores went through that, and they're substantially through that
 As of the end of this video, thank you very much for watching.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 end of Q3, but we haven't quantified it, but it certainly had some impact on
 their sales performance in the quarter.
 Okay, and that 1.8 million charge for Monroe forward initiative this quarter. What was that for?
 Yes, it was all related to the store rebrand and re-image, and it falls into three primary
 bucket related to that.
 The first is...
 non-capital items that we send to the stores.
 So as we think about updated safety chains, updated bay banners, updated point-to-sale
 marketing materials, all of these things to get the store initially to the standard that
 that are not capital in terms of the actual work and construction done on the store, that's
 That's the first bucket.
 The second bucket is non-capital work that's actually done.
 We get into these stores, and we identify non-capital repairs, demolition, as well
 as some of the fixed verse replace items.
 For example, stripping a floor and redoing a floor versus installing a new floor.
 Those are things that make sense economically,
 but you get different treatment from expense versus capital four.
 So that's the second bucket.
 And the third is just right off of existing leaseholds in the stores.
 anything from counters to maybe some existing signage that was put up as part of an acquisition
 when we initially branded the stores over to a Monroe brand.
 So those are the three primary buckets that the Monroe Forward Initiative costs consist
 of.
 Okay.
 Thanks for your comments.
 Thank you, Arnett.
 And excuse me, our next question is coming from Brett Jordan of Jeffries.
 Please go ahead.
 Hey, good morning guys
 All right, we're up.
 Hey, back to slide five.
 I guess if we look at the 18% growth in rebranded stores,
 if we really sort of look at the comparable growth there,
 you know, X the new product lines you're adding.
 How's the service comp against the service comp in those stores?
 Are you seeing, you know, a pick up as you change the brand?
 Yeah, maybe just to clarify though, Brad, I think we're actually not adding any new products to the service menu.
 Let's go back to that entire jump store, right?
 Yeah, it's just mixed right so we even our service stores today cell tires. It's only 15% of their mix
 So, we're certainly seeing more outsized growth in other tire sales, and we've had success
 and maintaining the rate of growth that we've seen on the service side,
 which has been part of our thesis is hold on to the service business that we've enjoyed that's
 its high margin and then add to that more relevancy to the marketplace on
 tires and drive the growth through the tire category.
 We're seeing growth on both sides.
 Okay, and I guess we look at the re-image. How does that compare to you know comparable service stores in the network that hadn't been re-imaged?
 I guess, sort of looking at it again, sort of apples to apples, you know, against the
 the old stores.
 I think if you can figure out which stories we're talking about there, the 30 stories
 is a Rochester, I think.
 Yeah.
 Rochester stores, certainly, if they have been performing quite well relative to what
 with our expectations were on re-image.
 We certainly didn't expect to see double-digit growth rates
 out of a re-image store and we set out to do this initiative.
 but we were seeing a more positive growth
 of the stores up until the last quarter, given the exposure that we've had to the weather
 in the north.
 If I could bear it to other stores, we're still pleased with what we're seeing from
 from a customer service point of view and from a comp sale point of view relative to
 their peers facing similar I would say market backdrop from a weather point of
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 We have, I guess, sort of the spread between the southern
 store cop and the northern store cop, you know, how big a delta was it?
 I mean, it was a couple hundred basis points of performance.
 Okay. And I guess for housekeeping, could you give us the monthly?
 Yeah, so we were, one second here, Brett.
 So we were down 1.2 in October, down 1.7 in November, and up 0.4 in December.
 Okay.
 And then one – just this is – sorry, I had the questions.
 On the supply chain side, I mean just to throw the virus into it since that's popular these days you guys do a lot of direct sourcing
 You know, the white box product out of China, do you see any impact on supply chain from
 What's going on?
 We haven't seen any to this point, Brett.
 We're obviously working through contingency plans, which we have had to develop actually
 related to the tariff issues.
 So we feel pretty confident that through the network
 of multiple supply points that we'll be able to overcome any particular issues coming from
 the virus.
 And so I need to get my first virus question asked in our next slide.
 Yeah, I'm sorry quick go ahead. I said no, it's joking. I had to get my first virus question in there
 Yeah
 Alright, thanks a lot, guys.
 Two points.
 Okay, thanks for that
 Thank you. Our next question is coming from Rick Nelson of Stevens. Please go ahead.
 Uh, thanks. Good morning.
 Like too early to follow up on the weather last year, I think, December, January, you
 You also pointed to mild winter weather.
 Do you think this year was incrementally worse
 on the prior year.
 I think if you look at, you know, analyst reports that we've seen talking about, I guess,
 impact that the mild winner has had on not only our category, but other retail, like
 The data would indicate that this has been more mild.
 certainly versus last year.
 I think we look at precipitation, which is very important for us in the form of snow
 with our tire business. Certainly it's been a much, I think, more mild winter this year
 relative to last year.
 Okay.
 on your partnership with Amazon, what you're seeing there on the install side, and how
 you think your tire prices compared to theirs and I'm curious about what happened with units
 in the period and the market share.
 So, let's start with units, where units were down to every showing price was up one for
 be for the quarter.
 Have a good one.
 Now that compares.
 We have a lot of syndicated data, of course,
 so we can look to and give you definitive on that.
 We lean on, I guess, our channel checks and information from our tire manufacturers that
 good visibility across multiple brands and feels like it's similar to other companies
 that have exposure to the north, in particular northeast, to the degree that we do feel like
 if we were probably in line with what we picked up
 through suppliers and others.
 As it relates to Amazon, I think we're still pleased with our relationship with them as
 as well as other online tire retailers.
 We will eventually expand the relationship in FY21 to include all stores.
 We talked about last quarter,
 Priority has been what I mentioned on today's call,
 completing the entire category management pricing tool, as well as the labor scheduling
 tool that are just for our organization, I think, higher priority at this stage than
 and expanding, but we are committed to expanding that relationship going forward.
 Related to tire pricing, as you know, Rick, I mean the tire category is very complicated.
 You know, over 30,000 SKUs that you need to manage effectively across multiple markets.
 one of the reasons why we've invested
 and the entire category management tool
 just to do a couple of things.
 one is to give us much better visibility
 to demand dynamics, defined by elasticity, down to a skew level.
 And by having that visibility, it's going to create a much more granular approach that
 we're going to use for pricing.
 It will allow us to price at the school level in our industry with the intent being to strike
 that right balance between driving the right price to drive unit volume while preserving
 and expanding our entire margins through a right mix at right price.
 I'm encouraged we're in pilot form of that now.
 We will be operational by Q1 of next year, fully operational.
 The rollout of that's pretty small in scale,
 because we control our pricing centrally.
 So a small team of people will be trained up on using that system.
 So between now and...
 you want will be testing in parallel.
 what makes it more confident with the results
 we're seeing from the system.
 That makes sense.
 Thanks for the color and good luck.
 Thanks, Rick.
 Thank you.
 Once again, ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please press star
 on your telephone keypad.
 Our next question is coming from Stephanie Benjamin
 of Stunt Trust Robinson Humphrey. Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning.
 Thank you for the question.
 I wanted to go back.
 I know in the prior quarter when you started rolling out some of these story freshes, you
 called...
 out a hit or headwind to comp during that quarter, really just from distraction.
 You know, it makes sense as you're in there kind of reworking and revamping the stores.
 I believe you said it was about a 70 basis to my hit last quarter.
 Did you quantify that this quarter or is there a way for you to kind of break that out or
 or did the weather overshadow that?
 Yeah, I think we said last quarter, Stephanie, that we, and we walked everyone kind of through
 the seven-step process and talked about how we were retooling it to take a lot of that
 work or almost all that work off of the store team. So we were able to effectively do that
 in Q3. We didn't expect that we were going to have to talk about a headwind, and we really
 We don't have to in terms of disruption related to the story image.
 I think...
 I think the...
 ...
 California stores on the West Coast maybe saw a little bit more in disruption just because
 as we did put a little bit more on them
 based on their lack of proximity to our core resources
 that are doing the re-image, but for the 74 cop stores, those were largely, I would say,
 un...
 disrupt it.
 Great and then just as a follow-up when we look at the tire category in general
 Well, what are you saying from just over in an inflationary environment?
 I know it was...
 inflationary earlier this year, kind of reviewing how you thought during the
 quarter and your expectations going forward as well.
 Yes, Stephanie.
 And when you look at, I'll go back to you too,
 And one of the things we commented on was we saw some inflationary pricing on, oh, see
 the top end of the product category with more premium brands and the first
 part of the second quarter we didn't see a lot of movement on the low-end
 and brands, if you will, opening price point brands.
 You saw that change exiting Q2 and into Q3.
 I think as you saw...
 ...
 We've made the comments and our prepared remarks.
 certainly feel better about pricing moving up across all price points.
 to that point in Q3 I think our expectation for Q4 is pretty stable environment around
 We don't expect, you know, meaningful material changes in the next quarter.
 quarter.
 You know, I think we're very focused now on now optimizing, you know, our internal pricing
 relative to the market, leveraging the category management pricing to a week we talked about.
 Great and then just lastly for me kind of a more high level as you know
 And we think through the strategy to expand just your tire services at some of those mixed
 changes at your service stores.
 Does that, just by nature, put you a little bit more
 accessible to changes in weather on an annual basis, you know, to your point you said on
 this call that, you know, it is the tire category that we're, if it's a more mild
 whether or where you don't really see the volume during that period.
 What does this mean that, you know, in these conversations going forward, weather could
 have a larger impact or similar to what we saw this year that may be in prior years.
 So maybe your thoughts on that at this high level would be great.
 Thanks so much.
 Yeah, thanks, Stephanie.
 happening.
 You know, strategically, I would start with this.
 They are a strategy of neurosis.
 We like the business model at our stores.
 it has a very focused menu that's focused on tires and full service.
 I think you're not going to see us migrate to a tire-only category as a broad sweeping
 strategy for all the reasons you just mentioned.
 We like diversification in the services.
 We like...
 and very relevant on frequently purchased items like scheduled maintenance for cars and certainly
 brakes and other undercar services.
 I think as we increase our total business, certainly we're going to pick up a little
 more exposure to tires as we convert more stores
 in the north, I think, to that.
 However, I think our broader company strategy
 a diverse fire store footprint.
 more into the south and out west.
 and certainly in those regions of the country,
 you don't see, I think, a level of volatility that
 comes with a type of business like you would find in the Northeast and Midwestern
 markets.
 Great.
 That's everything for me.
 I appreciate it.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 Next question is coming from Scott Stember of CL King.
 Please go ahead.
 uh... good morning and thank you for taking my questions
 Good morning Scott.
 I'm following up on that last question about, you know,
 high level about weather and I know the gold here was with all this heavy lifting that
 you're doing right now on all these new processes to get to the point where I guess we're not
 talking about whether having worked, whether it does not really
 over all the quarter from a comp perspective.
 Could you talk about I mean just broadly speaking about how long do you think that will take for us to get to that point where?
 whether it could be a headwind, but it's not going to be a determinant whether
 or your positive or negative from a common standpoint.
 I think given our exposure to the northeast, as long as our historic concentration is heavy
 in the Midwest and Northeast, and hearing in that is we pick up exposure, I think, to
 weather.
 Obviously, we don't like to talk about it, Scott, as you said.
 Our strategy is to diversify the footprint, keep continuing to grow down south, and that's
 reflected by our acquisitions.
 As we continue to build out Florida and have expanded now into Louisiana and Tennessee
 and certainly out west is reflected of that desire to create more or less
 volatility in our business due to the store footprint.
 Now in our core store markets, we don't accept internally
 of the volatility in our business and we're invested in technology as we
 talked about to help us better execute in-stores through better trained people,
 We're executing better on the phones with our phone upgrade that we're currently doing.
 All the initiatives under Monroe Forward are designed to drive performance in our stores
 regardless of weather, so I think we'll help neutralize some of the impact that we see
 from the volatility that comes with snow and colder temperatures.
 Got it and just a last question
 You know, I know that there are certain things like tires that we'll see an immediate impact
 from weather, but more on the side of mechanical parts,
 Typically, you could see an impact from, you know,
 one of the things that I think is really important
 a weather war, cold or weather, you know, a few quarters down the road. Is there a chance
 we could see an extended negative impact
 on the mechanical part side in the next couple of quarters.
 That's all I have.
 Thanks.
 Yeah.
 Thank God.
 as we commented in the quarter, our breaks were down 3% in the quarter.
 Certainly, we're up against a strong comp from last year, but also, I would say we do sell
 a fair share of brake services through tires, because if you take the consumer's tires
 of their vehicle.
 In case you
 the chance to inspect their wheels, their brakes.
 and we do see some nice demand for conversion
 from tires into brakes as a result of that.
 As it relates to the downstream effect, I think certainly more harsh winners have attended
 see to tear up things on the vehicles.
 However, I will say one benefit of having a more mild winner is usually that leads to
 spring coming sooner. It all puts up a window I think for an extended spring
 selling season.
 We feel like we're well positioned, I think, coming out of the winter, given our strengths
 how we performed historically in the service
 categories and given the emphasis that we placed on good, better, best packages in store,
 I think we feel confident that we'll be well positioned going into the spring spelling
 Well, I have. Thanks.
 Thanks guys.
 Thank you.
 At this time, I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
 Thank you for joining us today and for your continued interest in support of Monroe.
 We believe...
 who are well positioned to execute their strategy
 and drive long-term value for our shareholders.
 We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter.
 Have a great day.
 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation.
 This concludes today's event.
 You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.
 Have a wonderful day.