 Thank you very much for joining the conference call for financial briefing for the third
 quarter FY 2021 of Advanced Cooperation despite your busy schedule.
 Today's participants are President and CEO, Mr Yosheda, CFO, Mr Fujita, Chief Customer
 my original officer, Mr. Sakamoto and the court chief's
 Thank you for watching.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 Chief Stakeholder Officer, Mr. Mihashi.
 Today Mr. Fujita will present the financial results for the third quarter FY 2021-1, followed
 by FY 2021 Outlook by Mr. Yoshida, and we'll take your questions.
 We schedule to close a meeting at 4.30pm.
 The presentation material is available on TDNet and in our website.
 Let me go through disclaimer statement in advance.
 This presentation contains four of the booking statements based on the current estimates
 and they contain risks and uncertainties.
 Extra results may be different from the estimate, and we appreciate your acknowledgement in advance.
 to you in advance.
 Now, Mr. Fujita will lead the presentation.
 Good afternoon, everyone. This is Fujita. I present the financial results for the third
 Court of FY 2021.
 Please turn to page 4 of the presentation material for the summary of the third quarter results.
 Let me review the business environment in the South Quarters.
 As in the previous quarter, our business environment in the third quarter continues to be favorable.
 Aggressive Tester Investment was driven primary by SOC
 same conductor manufacturers amid trends that are structurally boosting the level of
 test of demand, such as expanding data center investment, higher
 5G smart phone functionality and same conductor performance things, including further miniaturization.
 On the other hand, the shortage of semiconductors remains unresolved, and since semiconductor
 testers use a significant number of semiconductors. We continue to face production
 discothease in the third quarter.
 However, we made a company-wide effort to secure the necessary parts and were able to
 to achieve serious underprivileged debt
 see the double expectations as three months ago.
 As a result, side quota results include the record high quota with sales and operating
 income since we began quarterly disclosure.
 Details will be explained in the following slides.
 on your lesson on this type.
 .
 Please turn to page 5.
 3rd quota orders by segment
 In the second quarter, due to our extended product lead times,
 customers made production plans farther in advance.
 and we received many audios placed Ariya Zandi conventional timing with respect to our lead times.
 Or is all our products late times?
 have not come down in the south quota.
 the advanced ordering trend that occurred
 in the second quarter has subsided considerably.
 We believe this is the reason for the significant quarter-on-quarter decrease in orders in the
 hard go there.
 Sink conductor in component
 and test systems.
 orders were 102.5 billion yen.
 down 79.5% of quota on quota.
 orders for SOC testers were 85.7 billion yen, down by 62 billion yen, quote unquote.
 However, I was showing the graph on the right.
 for SOC testers is steady increasing compared to last year and the year before last, mainly
 for high-end devices.
 is achieved at a level higher than our internal focus three months ago and we
 believe that customer's investment appetite is still strong.
 Memory tester orders were 16.8 billion yen, down by 5 billion yen, quarter on quarter.
 orders for DRAM testers, which had been strong for some time through the second quarter,
 are taking a pause here, but this is in line with our expectations.
 mechatronics systems orders were 11.4 billion yen down by 35.3%
 quarter-on-quarter, mechatronics orders decreasing steps with the fall-off in
 test orders.
 Services, support and others, orders were 22.4 billion yen, up 34.8% quarter on quarter.
 top-of-continuing annual maintenance contact renewals, system and level test
 orders was done.
 5.6 shows the third quarter sales by segment.
 Amidst continuing part shortages, sales trended above our internal forecast.
 For semiconductor and component test systems, sales totals 80.2 billion yen.
 up 33.7% quarter on quarter.
 Breaking that down, SOC-Tester sales were 63.1 billion yen and memory-tester sales were 17.1 billion yen.
 SoC cluster fields were higher than expected, mainly for high-end SoC devices used in smart
 phones and servers.
 memory testers performed well overall in both the DRAM and non-volatile memory categories.
 However, sales undershot expectations as some customers revise their investment plans.
 Necatron existence totaled 10.9 billion yen, up 14.9% quarter-in-quarter.
 Services support and others totaled 21 billion yen, about the same as in the previous quarter.
 Slide 7 shows orders and sales by region.
 First, the orders.
 in Taiwan, South Korea.
 Orders decreased in a reaction to the second quarter's surge,
 triggered by longer lead times for our products, which has now subsided.
 China saw strong orders for testers for display driver ICs used in TVs and smartphones in the third quarter.
 As for sales by region, shown on the right, sales to South Korea declined slightly, but
 Overall, sales were on a growth trajectory.
 Slide 8 shows P&L-related figures.
 gross margin was 57.9%.
 Our sales mix shifted towards more profitable products.
 SG&A, including all other income and expenses, totaled 31.3 billion yen.
 and other expenses, increased fractionary,
 following growth in revenues.
 Operating income was $33.5 billion yen, with operating margin at 29.9%.
 Slide 9 shows the third quarter R&D expenses in others.
 R&G expenses totaled 11.8 billion yen.
 R&D expenses-to-sales ratio was 10.5%.
 and melted it to 4.8 billion yen.
 In the third quarter, we continued to step the invest in the expansion of our U.S. manufacturing
 base, which began in the second quarter.
 Depreciation is
 and amortization totaled 3.9 billion yen.
 Cash flow is shown on the right.
 All right.
 free cash flow was net outflow of 16.6 billion yen.
 Due to your acquisition of R&G Altenova in November, cash flows from Inducting Activities
 increased in the third quarter and free cash flow became negative.
 Negative.
 Sleight 10 shows the balance sheet as of December 31st.
 Total assets were 462.3 billion yen.
 cash and cash equivalents totals 121.7 billion yen.
 Goodwill and intangible assets amounted to 80.7 billion yen, an increase of 26.6 billion
 quarter and quarter, reflecting our acquisition of R&D Altenova.
 As final figures for purchase price allocation or PPA are not yet available.
 We have booked goodwill and intangible assets based on provisional estimates.
 liabilities short-term borrowings totalled 28.7 billion yen as we continue to make aggressive
 investments in the U.S. such as the acquisition of R&D Altenova and expansion of our production
 based there, we have raised the necessary funds through short-term borrowing.
 Equity accountable to owners of the parent was 281.5 billion yen.
 equity ratio was 60.9% down 4.9.25.
 The progress of our share per repurchase is disclosed in our filing.
 By the end of December, 4.68 million shares of common stock had been acquired for 45.7
 the union, accounting for 47% of our upper limit of 10 million shares and 65% of our
 up a limit of 70 billion yen.
 That concludes my presentation on the third quarter results.
 This is Yoshida.
 I present the outlook for FY 2021.
 Please turn to page 12.
 Semiconductor Tester Market Trends.
 ongoing semiconductor performance gains and growing production volumes made 2021 a very
 have to be here for the semiconductor tester market.
 Although this is preliminary figure, the value at the semiconductor tester market in 2021
 is sold to have been about 5.4 billion U.S. dollars increase of about 30% year.
 Various changeable factors may affect the 2022 tester market, such as of a late-time
 and the visibility is poor.
 But we expect SOC tester market growth to range from about 10% to slightly over 20% year-on-year.
 Breaking this down, we expect that automotive, industrial,
 and consumer-related semiconductors
 will make further gains in 2022.
 At the same time, leading-edge products will continue to play the role of gross drivers.
 For the past decade, smart phone application processors have been in the forefront of semiconductor
 performance gains, but in 2022 we expect high performance computing devices to take the lead.
 Memory test or market growth is expected to range from slightly below 10% to 15% year
 year in 2022.
 Start trying to tell word.
 Memory device performance gains, including greater density, faster speed, and higher
 bandwidth is promoting the growth at the test market.
 We still cannot make any clear and quantitative predictions about 2023 and beyond.
 Hope you've been...
 We believe even if the current series shortage of semiconductors results, structures, demand
 for semiconductors will continue to grow, further militarization and further improvement
 team semiconductor integration through the adoption of advanced packages will generate
 demand for more sophisticated and more highly integrated test solutions.
 We believe that the Tesla market will continue to grow over the medium to long term.
 term, despite minor adjustment.
 Please turn to page 13.
 FY20-21 forecast. Based on our results through the third quarter and our outlook for the
 the fourth quarter, we have revised our three-year forecast up for it.
 The orders are now expected to increase by 85 billion yen to 650 billion yen,
 Stairs in the operating income are expected to increase by 10 billion yen to 410 billion
 and 115 billion yen respectively.
 And the net income is expected to increase by 7.5 billion yen to 86.3 billion yen.
 Our current priority is parks procurement, and we cannot yet be optimistic here.
 sudden delays in the delivery of parts may occur.
 And we cannot assume this present no risk to our achievement of our force quota sales plan.
 That said, we are working to secure the necessary parts and expect to set new sales and profit
 records for the second concept of the year.
 The gross profit margin is expected to be around 57% for the full year, as our product
 in the second half is better than it was three months ago.
 As G and A expenses in the fourth quarter, I expected to be flat or slightly down from the third quarter.
 The forecast is based on the exchange rate assumptions of $1us to 115 Japanese yen and
 1 euro to 130 Japanese yen for the post quarter FY 2021.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 For the impact of exchange rate fluctuation on FY21, operating income is plus 1 billion
 per one yen of Japanese end depreciation versus US dollar and minus 150 million yen per yen
 of Japanese and depreciation versus the euro.
 As announced in November, 2021, we acquired R&D out and over and started financial consolidation
 from the middle of the South Dakota.
 the impact on our business results for the current fiscal years expected to be minor.
 be minor.
 Slide 14.
 FY21 Outlook by Segments.
 As for semi-conductor and component test systems outlook,
 Our four-year sales forecast for SOC testers is 218 billion yen,
 up 16 billion yen from our October forecast.
 The increasing complexity of testing APU application processors,
 HPC, high-performance computers, and other devices due to neutralization continues to
 to drive strong demand for testers.
 I want to ask you, if you have any questions, please feel free to ask us.
 industrial and display test has remained high, and strong orders for SOC testers
 Let's continue.
 Our full year sales forecast for memory testers is 62 billion yen.
 down 10 billion yen from our October forecast.
 As you can see from our orders, demand for GDR5, the next generation DRAM, and non-volatile
 memory is solid as a whole. But we lowered our sales forecast in light of certain customers
 revising their investment plans in the second half of the year.
 year.
 Slide 15. Our full year sales forecast for
 methodronic system is 45.5 billion yen, slightly lower than the October
 forecast.
 We have raised our full year sales forecast for the services and other segments by 6.6
 billion yen to 84.6 billion yen. Currently our system level test business
 This mainly targets high-end SOCs.
 seen in our SOC tester outlook, test demand in that area is growing more than expected,
 raising our expectations for the full year.
 Also, in the system level test business, we plan to strategically increase recurring
 Thank you.
 a percentage of sales through aggressive M&A and flexible capital investment.
 We will continue to steadily implement business expansion measures, and promote the diversification
 of our earning space.
 Slide 16 is the summary.
 2021, a very strong year for the tested market is over, but our business discussions with
 semi-conductor manufacturers,
 indicate that there is currently no sign of demand declining anywhere.
 The direction of the semiconductor markets and the final product markets, please figures
 continued active investments in test capacity to improve the performance and reliability
 of semiconductors in 2022.
 In order to trip up with our customer's appetite for investment, we will continue to make
 stabilizing parts to procurement a priority. In view of future sustainable
 expansion of our business opportunities, we will steadily promote measures for medium
 to long-term business growth and greater resilience.
 Our sales have almost doubled in the four years since 2017.
 We see the need to steadily strengthen our internal control system in line with the expanding
 scale of our business.
 We will improve operational excellence by responding to shifts such as changes in work
 self and lifestyle triggered by COVID-19, ESG related changes in the capital markets
 and society, et cetera.
 Demand is strong, but we are aware of the risk of new issues emerging just when everything
 seems to be going well.
 We will work on early achievement as our midterm management plan targets while being fully
 be alert to such risks as worsening your parts of fulfillment due to supply chain
 bottlenecks and logistical difficulties, decline in demand due to slowdowns in the global economic
 recovery, potential impacts from U.S.-China conflict and economic security policies on the
 the semiconductor industry, as well as geopolitical risks,
 such as the recent Ukraine-Russia tensions.
 Thank you for your attention.
 We will proceed to Q&A session.
 The question is from Mr. Wadaki of Nomura Securities.
 Thank you for the striking financial results today.
 One question per person, so firstly, I'd like to ask about the order forecast that you
 advised awkward this time.
 Let us know its content and don't you have any concern for the slow down that was presented by teradine
 This is the Komodo.
 As for the orders in the subcorder which showed upside, I'd like to make some comments.
 order was up by 36 billion yen
 And as for the breakdown, SOC tester was up $27 billion yen.
 As mentioned before, the customer's demand for high-end devices, including APU and HPC,
 increasing.
 and the demand for DDIC is also picking up.
 And the mix of the SOC order in the third quarter is 70% by computer communication, 15% by automotive
 industrial and consumer related, and 15% by BDI.
 memory was in line with the expectation.
 Mechatronics was up 3 billion and boosted by device interface, and service was up by
 half of the increase was by SRT.
 As for the 3 year forecast, it was revised up by 85 billion yen with 70 billion yen
 app slide of SOC tester and 15 billion yen of service and others.
 not only for the leading edge tips, but overall SOC tester is expected to grow.
 Service and others growth will be driven mainly by the growth of S30.
 You should have speaking.
 You may have the impression of a slow down due to the peer's announcement.
 but the difference between us and the peer is that we have extensive customer base for
 high-performance computing, and each remark does tongue-groze, that is demonstrated by
 the browsing orders.
 test time is getting longer for the leading edge process and this strength is a source of the
 Thank you very much.
 full-up question. Mr. Yoshida now commented on HPC and it will be the future pillar of
 the business. When you say HPC, do you mean GPU or Core? And if it is GPU, would you give
 us the background of the longer test time for GPU. Thank you Mr. Wadaki, this is Mihashi.
 We categorized as HPC, high-performance computing,
 And that includes graphic processor unit, as we mentioned, and diverse accelerators for processing,
 and high-end FPGA.
 high-end applications for data centers are included here.
 So, this is not only for GPU.
 We're understood. Thank you
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you for the question
 The next question is from Mr. Yoshida of CNA-Saint Securities.
 This is Yoshida of CRSA Securities. Do you hear me?
 Yes, you presented the market estimate for this year, 4.5 to 5 billion for SOC and 1.4
 to 1.5 billion US dollars for memory, and you talked about the difference between you
 and the competitors.
 How do you see the shared dynamics?
 Presumably, as you mentioned, your HPC customers will adapt more fives and energy, and they
 If you're in debt with me, just do your share again.
 We should comment on the shy dynamics of SOC and memory
 from the previous year to this year.
 Mr. Yoshida, this is Mihashi.
 I think that your question is about the comparison between the current year 2021 and the current year 2022.
 Is that right? Yes.
 share dynamics is clearly affected by customer's business trend.
 and for the next year according to our market forecast.
 No, it is slightly hard to tell.
 Competitors' customers' business trends will slow down.
 And naturally, it will lead to our share gain.
 So next year, our share in computer communication will grow.
 And it implies that you're getting in high-end product.
 expect substantial market growth of automotive, industrial, and consumer
 as next year as well.
 We included the share gain in those markets in our focus for the year.
 So memory I
 I said before that HPC will push up the SOC business.
 and with the growth of high-end performance computing.
 on memory side.
 HBM2, DDR64 Graphic, or DDR5, such DRAM application will be growing next year.
 And based on these, we proved up the market estimate.
 In these areas, we expect that DoubleCustomer's Room move activity next year.
 And that will result in our share gain.
 Thank you. So, you expect to gain share both in SOC and memory in 2022, do you?
 Sakamoto speaking, as Yoshida mentioned before, we expect in 2022, HPC will gain strong momentum.
 We didn't have high share, is it?
 And through customer engagement, we will gain share and boost sales.
 Data center demand will grow, and the full-fledged mass production will launch for DRAM and DDR5,
 As we have strong share in VRM, we regain share in this area as well.
 And we achieve strong share gain in SOC and memory.
 Thank you
 As a follow-up question, you commented on the direction in 2022, but further down the
 road toward 2023 you gave us some colors before that the growth through be sustained but toward
 Now that 2023, with a rollout of three nano-G, competitors' customers will increase investment.
 How shall we see your business towards 2023?
 For 3NanoG, you may have new customers who are not the customers of competitors, but
 But can you capture a new business at the launch of 3-Nanoji?
 How should we see your prospect for 2023?
 You see the speaking?
 Even the 30% growth in 2021, 20% in 2022,
 2022, you may wonder the sustainability of the growth in 2023.
 I'm not optimistic either.
 Thank you.
 We'll see you in the next video.
 long out lead time, order level has been high, and when the lead time is shortened, the growth
 in order to be slowing down.
 But we have high expectation for the node development from 5nano to 3nano.
 With the progress, the testing is technically getting more difficult and the customers are also wondering how to test products.
 This is the area where we can leverage our strengths with the strong appetite for technology
 Bye.
 We may observe overall slowdown, but in our prospect,
 Demand for a test for new technology.
 will be sustained in 2023, 24, and 25.
 I see, thank you.
 Thank you for the question.
 Next question is from Mr. Damien Thun of Macquarie Capital Securities.
 This is Damien Sun of Macquarie Capital.
 Do you hear me?
 in your guidance for the fourth quarter.
 Opimaging is considerably high. It might be the record high, 30.9% and your order backlog
 is high, and the ratio of SoC tester is also high.
 As for the OP margin for the next year, will it be sustained, or will it increase further?
 Would you conceive any upside potential and the downside risk?
 The focus on page 13 shows the operating margin for the full scroller as 30.9%.
 This is supported by the favorable product mix and
 and given the order backlog of SOC,
 I expect the similar level of op-emerging is achievable in the process of working on the order backlog.
 But we also expect the cost increase in parts, logistics, and labor.
 So the extra station is highly uncertain.
 We have not secured all the parts for 2022 yet.
 So, given those concerns, if we can achieve the guidance for the fourth quarter, you can
 take the next year will be close to this level.
 Thank you.
 Sublight tightness of the semiconductor.
 We continue everywhere.
 But in your visibility, how much of your need for the next year is already secured with
 There's a growth of 20% for SOC testers.
 How much can you cover in your supply chain?
 Are you asking about our supply chain, not about the entire semiconductor?
 U.S. supply chain of semiconductor and non-semiconductor.
 How for an order-back-love can you manage six months or nine months?
 How much remaining risks do you have now?
 Even for the fears in the fourth quota I said in the presentation that I cannot say no risk.
 In the very tight condition, we are negotiating with our suppliers.
 And unfortunately, at this moment, we cannot comment about what is happening and what timing
 through the year. This is not our unique issue but automotive and many other
 The other companies share the same issue.
 for some product due to the economic slowdown in China.
 Inventory built up, re-hauled, and excess generated there might relieve pressure on other
 semiconductors.
 and this might mitigate the supply demand of tightness.
 I hope you understand that we cannot specify the timing and how it will be resolved clearly
 at this moment, and that's it, thank you.
 However, our customers are also serving as suppliers, so despite the strong customer's
 request for testers actually, we cannot produce a due to the lack of semiconductor. Such suggestion
 has been ongoing.
 through various channels.
 Now we are trying to build momentum to prioritize SBE in supply of semiconductor.
 Thank you for your detailed explanation.
 Thank you for the question.
 Next question is from Mr. Hirakawa of B.O.A.E. Securities.
 Thank you.
 I'm Hida-
 I would also like to ask about the POST Procurement.
 I'd like to hear about the current post-procurement environment compared to three months ago.
 Has it changed, or a union changed, or a getting worse?
 Has a parking choice...
 changed? Let us know the change from three months ago.
 The issues visible three months ago were named unsolved.
 In other case, the parts, in short, are very limited and they have not expanded.
 and since they are semiconductor parts.
 for the sudden production increased demand.
 And you first have extra capacity that will be duly responded, but actually there is
 no...
 no such extra capacity, and that's ongoing.
 So if there is a demand for a production increase,
 Priority in the tab needs to be adjusted.
 as a result.
 Whether any improvement is observed from three months ago, we do not hear so.
 But we did not see the aggravation either, or just have been creasing farther, and we
 We need to place additional orders for supply years.
 supply years cannot respond immediately.
 I see. Thank you for a follow-up question.
 I'm always impressed with Mr. Yoshida's cautious remarks.
 Now, you are expecting the SOC testing market to grow by 10 to 20 percent and you are expecting
 over 20% growth in your revenue.
 True, you did say you haven't fully secured all of the necessary parts for that, but I
 I got the impression that you actually have a pretty good prospect for satisfying the
 procurement requirements.
 Can you elaborate on that?
 We are providing our suppliers with a longer term forecast, together with purchase orders
 being placed early on.
 So true, we believe that the volume of secured parts
 should increase from what it is today.
 But the question is, can we really secure all the amount
 for sure with absolute certainty.
 Well, many things could happen with semiconductor supplies,
 including some unexpected defects.
 So in that sense, we do not have a full visibility.
 There are some wafers that have yet to be loaded, so there are risks in that sense.
 But keep in mind that we will start from the order backlog of $360 billion yen.
 at the current rate that $350 billion worth should be shipped in less than a year.
 and we do have actions in place to procure the necessary parts.
 the point is
 We are taking action, but whether they would ensure the full amount is not 100% sure. I see. Thank you
 Next is Mr. Nakamura from Goldman Sachs.
 Thank you.
 You said system level test demands at the present moment is very strong
 Can you elaborate on the background?
 I understand that it is in conjunction with strong demand for SOC testers.
 But is it due to an increase in the number of customers or is it due to increase in applications?
 This is Nihashi speaking.
 The background for strong SLT demand is, as you indicated, the system market itself growing.
 Basically, starting from APU and other mobility applications to high-end and or ultra-motive
 applications.
 In addition, we are focusing on recurring consumables business related to SLT hardware
 and system sales.
 combination of the two are driving the current strong order levels. I see so in
 In that sense, it's not the increase in customers but increase in applications.
 Am I correct?
 Yes, but increased applications also entail increased customers.
 I see.
 follow-up question on profitability. Current profitability or the operating
 the profit margin of a system level test is what I have a question on. How does it compare
 to your overall company-wide profit margin.
 Profit margin of system level test is not very different from that of ATE profitability overall.
 so pretty high.
 The new acquisition has yet to be included,
 But the profit margin of the two previous acquisitions, as well as the business for SSDs,
 It's not very different from that of SOC tester or ATE overall.
 I see.
 So that means a margin of over 30%, correct?
 Do you mean gross margin?
 No operating margin.
 Actually, none of our businesses have reached over 30% operating margin yet.
 It's a little less than that.
 Our internal projection of 30% is overall for the fourth quarter.
 So it could be close to 30%, maybe ATE is a bit higher.
 I see.
 That's helpful.
 Thank you. That's all.
 Next is Mr. Hasegawa from Mitsubishi UFJ, Morgan Stanley.
 Thank you.
 I would like to ask further on memory testers.
 I know it's a delicate subject, but you mentioned some customers revising their investment plans.
 Can you elaborate on that to the extent possible?
 Also, what about other factors?
 This is Sakamoto speaking.
 Yes, some customers revise their investment plans.
 but I will refrain from giving specifics.
 One thing I can say for sure is that while we revise the guidance downward by 10 billion yen,
 Again, it is not due to order cancellations or competitors taking our market share or
 slowing down of the market.
 So we regard this as the postponement, which shall contribute to the FY22 sales.
 I see.
 So, what about other customers or applications such as DRAM and NAND?
 market is very strong
 As for DRAM, as mentioned earlier, customers are investing to prepare for the mass production
 as DDR5, the same for LP DDR5. As for NAND, manufacturers are adding more layers. They
 They have plans for that and are executing that.
 Both theorem and non-related investments are very active,
 So we will make sure we capture that momentum.
 I see.
 So, investment plan changes are limited only to specific customers and as far as other
 Other customers and applications are concerned, strong investment momentum continues.
 Am I correct?
 Yes.
 You talked about gaining more market share next year,
 So is it fair to say that that should be carried over to FY22?
 Yes.
 Thank you. That's all.
 Next is Mr. Yoshikawa from Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities.
 Thank you.
 I think my question has been generally answered by your previous comments, but just for clarification.
 Your projection for 2022 SOC Tester Market is between $4.5 to $5 billion, with growth
 rate of 10% to over 20%.
 That's a pretty wide range.
 I take it that given a large order backlog, this wide range is not due to demand but that
 it depends on the part procurement level.
 Am I correct?
 Yes, we believe that will be a big factor.
 Plus, the investment level of semiconductor manufacturers where our exposure is small,
 which is not yet clear.
 So it's a combination of those two factors.
 I see.
 So, let's use this midpoint as over 15% growth.
 Based on what you said,
 your market share is expected to increase in 2022.
 So it could be higher, closer to 20% or even higher on a calendar year basis.
 Am I correct?
 For SOC overall, yes, that is our expectation.
 I see, a follow-up question, regarding SOC, you said you have great expectations for
 or HPC.
 Maybe it's an awkward question, but looking at HVC, communication, and other automotive
 applications, how would you rank them in terms of growth rate?
 This is mihashis speaking
 You mentioned HPC
 communication applications meaning mobile and automotive and industrial equipment.
 Automotive and industrial equipment are small in terms of TAM, but they have highest growth
 rate, followed by HPC. Mobile market is still large but in terms of growth, I
 I think it's fair to say it's close to flat growth.
 Thank you. What about display driver? For display driver,
 Slap to slight increase is what we project for calendar year 22.
 I see. Thank you. That's all.
 Next is Mr. Mai Pawa from Credit Suisse.
 Thank you.
 I have a question on your market share.
 Earlier, you mentioned as a factor, major semiconductor manufacturer where your current
 share is low. I'm wondering if you'll be able to comment on that factor starting 2023.
 I say that because right now that company is only doing APU, but most probably from
 next year, it will start using its own modems. And I believe you have a hundred
 percent market share in the
 conventional modem suppliers.
 So I'm wondering if we can expect you to win that business next year.
 Also, I don't know if we can call them the new customers, but I'm interested in hypersalers,
 which are increasingly using their own chips.
 If they be added to your customer base,
 Select your expectation for this year and the next.
 in terms of expectation?
 Yes, we have a great expectation for hyperscalers.
 But what would be the volume is still not clear.
 And regarding the story of in-house production,
 at the company where a current exposure is low?
 Of course, we are making marketing efforts aggressively
 And similarly, our competitor, our peer,
 is approaching our customers aggressively.
 Our current exposure is limited,
 but we are making efforts to increase that.
 So what are our expectations for 23 and 24?
 or since we are competing head to head.
 Frankly, we wouldn't know until we actually see the results.
 In terms of the market share, even for SOC clusters,
 It's currently 50-50.
 evenly split
 between
 the peer and us.
 and I believe that would continue for some time.
 I see. Thank you. Thank you for your detailed response. That's all.
 Next is Mr. Hanaya from SNBC NICO Securities.
 Thank you.
 I have one question regarding your production capacity.
 For parts procurement you have already explained in detail, so I understand now
 Now, given the market outlook and projected increase in your market share for next fiscal
 year if we assume that your revenue goes up by 20% from this fiscal year's 410
 billion yen on a quarterly basis the sales would be over 120 billion yen my
 My estimate is that, perhaps, 120 billion yen level is the upper limit of your current
 capacity.
 is the upper limit of what your current capacity can handle.
 So I'm wondering if you see the need for additional capital
 expenditure going forward.
 or we just stick to your conventional policy
 of not increasing fixed cost and resort to external resources.
 Can you comment on that?
 In terms of the production capacity expansion,
 Our basic policy is to handle incremental demand
 systems through external resources outsourcing.
 All right.
 So we can respond to 120 billion sales with the current capacity, with the current system
 as long as we can secure parts of light.
 We don't have any plans to drastically change our business model and switch to increasing
 in health production capacity.
 If there are incremental demand, we will respond by enhancing external production capacity.
 we will respond through outsourcing.
 having set that for some of the consumables.
 It is more efficient to produce in-house closer to customers.
 So for such some consumables,
 there is a possibility of a capacity expansion.
 But for the sales level of one hundred twenty billion yen per quarter or four hundred eighty or five hundred billion yen per year
 I believe we can handle that with our current capacity.
 Conversely, even if they were to shrink to 400 or 350 billion yen, for example, we would
 not be affected because of this production style. I see very clear thank
 you. That's all. Thank you for your questions. With this, we end the Q&A
 Thank you for your participation.
 dissipation.