 Thank you very much for joining the conference call for financial briefing for the third quarter FY2021 of Advantest Cooperation despite your busy schedule.
 Today's participants are President and CEO Mr. Yoshida, CFO Mr. Fujita, Chief Customer
 radiation officer, Mr. Sakamoto, and the court chief strategy officer and the chief stakeholder
 official, Mr. Mihashi. Today, Mr. Fujita will present the financial results for the third
 quarter FY 2021 first, followed by FY 2021 outlook by Mr. Yoshida. And we'll take your questions.
 We scheduled to close our meeting at 4.30 p.m.
 The presentation material is available on TDNet and in our website.
 Let me go through a disclaimer statement in advance.
 This presentation contains forward-looking statements based on the current estimates, and they contain risks and uncertainties.
 Actual results may be different from the estimate, and we appreciate your acknowledgement in advance.
 Now Mr. Fujita will lead the presentation.
 Good afternoon, everyone. This is Fujita.
 I represent the financial results for the third quarter FY 2021.
 Please turn to page 4 of the presentation material for the summary of the third quota
 results.
 Let me review the business environment in the third quarter.
 As in the previous several quarters, our business environment in the third quarter continued
 to be favorable.
 Aggressive tester investment was driven primarily by SOC semiconductor manufacturers
 amid trends that are structurally boosting the level of tester demand,
 such as expanding data center investment, higher 5G smartphone fractionality, and thin conductor performance gains, including further miniaturization.
 and the other hand
 the shortage of semiconductors remains unresolved.
 and since semiconductor testers use a significant number of semiconductors,
 we continue to face production disparities in the third quarter.
 However, we made a company-wide effort to secure the necessary parts
 and were able to achieve shares and profits that exceeded our expectations three months ago.
 As a result,
 Third quarter results include the record high quarterly sales and operating income since we began quarterly disclosure.
 Details will be explained in the following slides.
 life.
 Please
 Turn to page 5.
 Third quarter orders by segment.
 In the second quarter, due to our extended product lead times,
 customers made production plans
 further in advance
 and we received many orders
 placed earlier than the conventional timing
 with respect to our lead times.
 Although our product lead times have not come down in the third quarter, the advanced ordering trend that occurred in the second quarter has subsided considerably.
 We believe this is the reason for the significant quarter-on-quarter decrease in orders in the third quarter.
 Semiconductor and Component Test Systems
 orders were
 102.5 billion yen.
 Down 39.5%
 quarter-on-quarter.
 Orders for SOC testers were 85.7 billion yen, down by 62 billion yen, quote-unquote.
 However, as shown in the graph on the right, demand for SOC testers is steadily increasing
 compared to last year and the year before last, mainly for high-end devices.
 Orders achieved a level higher than our internal forecast three months ago, and we believe that customer's investment appetite is still strong.
 Memory tester orders were
 16.8 billion yen down by 5 billion yen quote on quarter.
 Orders for DRAM testers, which had been strong for some time through the second quarter, are taking a pause here.
 but this is in line with our expectations.
 Megatronic systems.
 Orders were 11.4 billion yen, down by 35.3% quote-on-quote.
 Mechatronics orders decrease in step with the fall off in test orders.
 Service, support and others, orders were 22.4 billion yen, up 34.8% quota on quota.
 On top of continuing annual maintenance contract renewals, system level test orders were strong.
 Slide 6 shows the third quarter sales by segment.
 Amidst continuing parts shortages, sales trended above our internal forecast.
 For semiconductor and component test systems, sales totaled 80.2 billion yen, up 33.7% quarter-on-quarter.
 Breaking that down, SOC tester sales were 63.1 billion yen, and memory tester sales were 17.1 billion yen.
 SoC tester sales were higher than expected, mainly for high-end SoC devices used in smartphones and servers.
 Memory testers performed well overall in both the DRAM and non-volatile memory categories.
 However,
 sales undershot expectations
 as some customers revised their investment plans.
 Mechatron existence totaled 10.9 billion yen, up 14.9% quarter and quarter.
 Services, support and others totaled 21 billion yen, about the same as in the previous quarter
 Slide 7 shows orders and sales by region.
 first the orders
 in Taiwan, South Korea
 orders decreased in a reaction to the second quarter's surge
 triggered by longer lead times
 for our products, which has
 now subsided.
 China saw strong orders for testers for display driver ICs used in TVs and smartphones in the third quarter.
 As for sales by region, shown on the right, sales to South Korea declined slightly,
 But overall, sales were on a growth trajectory.
 3.
 Slide 8 shows P&L-related figures.
 Gross margin was 57.9%.
 Our sales mix shifted towards more profitable products.
 SG&A, including all other income and expenses, totaled 31.3 billion yen.
 Support and other expenses increased fractionary following growth in revenues
 Operating income was 33.5 billion yen, with operating margin at 29.9%.
 Slide 9 shows the third quarter R&D expenses in others.
 R&D expenses totaled 11.8 billion yen.
 R&D expenses to sales ratio was 10.5%.
 CapEx amounted to 4.8 billion yen.
 In the third quarter, we continued to steadily invest in the expansion of our U.S. manufacturing base, which began in the second quarter.
 Depreciation and amortization totaled 3.9 billion yen
 Cash flow is shown on the right
 Free cash flow was net outflow of 16.6 billion yen.
 Due to our acquisition of R&D AltaNova in November,
 cash flows from investing activities
 increased in the third quarter and free cash flow became negative.
 Slide 10 shows the balance sheet as of December 31st.
 Total assets were 462.3 billion yen.
 Cash and cash equivalents totals 121.7 billion yen
 Goodwill and intangible assets amounted to
 80.7 billion yen
 an increase of $26.6 billion quarter-on-quarter, reflecting our acquisition of R&D Altanova.
 As final figures for Purchase Price Allocation, or PPA, are not yet available, we have booked
 goodwill and
 intangible assets based on provisional estimates.
 Among liabilities, short-term borrowings totaled 28.7 billion yen.
 as we continue to make aggressive investments in the U.S.,
 such as the acquisition of R&D Altanova and expansion of our production base there.
 we have raised the necessary funds through short-term borrowings.
 Equity attributable to owners of the parent was 281.5 billion yen.
 Equity ratio was 60.9%, down 4.9 points, quarter-on-quarter.
 The progress of our share repurchase is disclosed in our filings.
 By the end of December, 4.68 million shares of common stock had been acquired for 45.7 billion yen,
 accounting for 47% over upper limit of 10 million shares
 and 65% over upper limit of 70 billion yen.
 That concludes my presentation on the third quarter results.
 This is Yoshida.
 I present the Outlook for FY 2021.
 Please turn to page 12.
 semiconductor tester market trends.
 Ongoing semi-conductor performance gains
 and the growing production
 volumes made 2021 a very active year for the semiconductor tester market. Although this is
 preliminary figure, the value of the semiconductor tester market in 2021 is thought to have been about
 $5.4 billion
 U.S. dollars
 increased
 to about 30% younger.
 Various changeable factors may affect the 2022 tester market, such as of a lead-time situation, and visibility is poor.
 but we expect
 SOC tester market growth
 to range from
 about 10% to slightly over 20%
 year. Breaking this down, we expect
 that automotive, industrial, and consumer-related semiconductors
 will make further gains in 2022.
 at the same time
 leading-edge products will continue to play the role of growth driver.
 For the past decade, smartphone application processors have been in the forefront of semiconductor performance gains.
 but in 2022, we expect high-performance computing devices to take the lead.
 Memory tester market growth is expected to range from slightly below 10% to 15% younger in 2022.
 The trend toward memory device performance gains
 including greater density, faster speed, and higher bandwidth is promoting the growth of the test market.
 we still cannot make any clear and quantitative predictions about 2023 and beyond.
 However, we believe even if the current series shortage of semiconductors resolved,
 structures, demand for semiconductors will continue to grow. Further miniaturization and further
 improvement in semiconductor integration through the adoption of adverse
 as packages regenerate,
 demand for more sophisticated
 and more highly integrated test solutions.
 We believe that the Tesla market will continue to grow over the medium to long term.
 him.
 despite minor adjustment.
 Houston to page 13.
 FY 2021 forecast.
 Based on our results through the third quarter and our outlook for the fourth quarter, we have revised our three-year forecast upward.
 orders are now expected
 to increase by 85 billion yen to 650 billion yen.
 Shares in the operating income are expected to increase by 10 billion yen to 410 billion yen and 115 billion yen, respectively.
 And the net income is expected to increase by 7.5 billion yen to 86.3 billion yen.
 Our current priority is parks procurement, and we cannot yet to be optimistic here.
 sudden delays in the delivery of parts may occur, and we cannot assume this present no
 risk to our achievement of our post-quota sales plan. That said, we are working to secure
 necessary parts
 and expect to set new sales and profit records for the second consecutive year.
 Gross profit margin is expected to be around 57% for the full year as our
 products mix in the second half is better than it was three months ago.
 G&A expenses in the fourth quarter are expected to be flat or slightly down from the third quarter.
 The forecast is based on the exchange rate assumptions of 1 US dollar to 115 Japanese yen and 1 euro to 130 Japanese yen for the fourth quarter FY 2021.
 Our latest forecast for the impact of exchange rate fluctuation on FY21,
 operating income is plus 1 billion yen
 of Japanese
 and depreciation versus U.S. dollar and minus 150 million yen of Japanese
 and depreciation versus the euro.
 As announced in November 2021, we acquired R&D out-and-over and started financial consolidation from the middle of the third quota.
 However, the impact on our business results for the current fiscal year is expected to be minor.
 Slide 14.
 FY21 Outlook by segment.
 and component test systems outlook.
 Our full-year sales forecast for SOC testers is 218 billion yen,
 up 16 billion yen from our October forecast.
 The increasing complexity of testing APU, application processors, HPC, high-performance computers,
 and other devices due to neutralization continues to drive strong demand for testers.
 Customer motivation to invest in automotive, industrial, and display tests has remained high,
 and strong orders for SOC testers continue.
 Our four-year sales forecast for memory testers is 62 billion yen,
 down 10 billion yen from our October forecast.
 As you can see from our orders, demand for DDR5, the next generation DRAM, and non-volatile memory is solid as a whole.
 but we lowered our sales forecast
 in light of certain customers revising their investment plans in the second half of the year.
 Slide 15.
 Our four-year sales forecast for Mechatronics System is 45.5 billion yen,
 slightly lower than the October forecast.
 We have raised our full-year sales forecast for the services and other segment by 6.6 billion yen to 84.6 billion yen.
 Currently, our system-level test business mainly targets high-end SOCs.
 As seen in our FOC Tester Outlook, test demand in that area is growing more than expected, raising our expectations for the full year.
 Also, in the system-level test business, we plan to strategically increase recurring
 revenue as a percentage of sales through aggressive M&A and flexible capital investment.
 We will continue to steadily implement business expansion measures and promote the diversification of our earnings base.
 Slide 16 is the summary.
 2021, a very strong year for the tester market, is over,
 but our business discussions with semiconductor manufacturers
 indicate that there is currently no sign of demand declining anywhere.
 the direction of the
 semiconductor market and the final product markets prefigures continued active investments
 in test capacity to improve the performance and reliability of semiconductors in 2022.
 In order to keep up with our customers' appetite for investment, we will continue to make
 stabilizing parts to procurement a priority.
 In view of future sustainable expansion of our business opportunities, we will steadily promote measures for medium- to long-term business growth and greater resilience.
 Our sales have almost doubled in the four years since 2017.
 we see the need to steadily strengthen our internal control system
 in line with the expanding scale of our business.
 We will improve operational excellence
 by responding to shifts
 such as changes in work styles and lifestyles triggered by COVID-19,
 ESG-related changes in the capital markets and society, etc.
 demand is strong
 but we are aware of the risk
 of new issues emerging
 just when everything
 seems to be going well.
 We will work on early achievement of our mid-term management plan targets
 while being fully alert to such risks as
 worsening of parts
 procurement due to supply chain
 bottlenecks and logistical difficulties, declining demand due to slowdowns in the global economic
 recovery, potential impacts
 from U.S.-China conflict and
 economic security policies on the
 semiconductor industry as well
 geopolitical risks
 such as the recent Ukraine-Russia tensions.
 Thank you for your attention.
 We will proceed to Q&A session.
 The question is from Mr. Wadaki of Nomura Securities.
 Thank you for the striking financial results today.
 One question per person.
 So, firstly, I'd like to ask about the order forecast that you revised upward this time.
 Let us know its content
 And don't you have any concern for the slowdown that was presented by Teradyne?
 This is Sakamoto.
 as for the
 orders in the
 third quarter which showed upside. I'd like to make some comments.
 Order was up by 36 billion yen. And as for the breakdown, SOC tester was up 27 billion yen.
 As mentioned before,
 the customers' demand for high-end devices, including APU and HPC, has been increasing,
 and the demand for DDIC is also picking up.
 And the mix, the
 SOC order
 in the third quarter
 is 70% by computer
 communication, 15% by automotive, industrial, and consumer
 and 15% by DDI.
 Memory was in line with expectation.
 Mechatronics was up three viewing then boosted by device interface.
 and service was up by 6 billion yen.
 have to be the increased worth by SRT.
 As for the three-year forecast, it was revised up by 85 billion yen with 70 billion yen upside of SOC tester and 15 billion yen of service and others.
 Not only for the leading-edge chips, but overall SOC tester is expected to grow.
 service and others' growth
 will be driven mainly by the gross
 of SOT. Yoshida speaking, you may have the impression of a slowdown due to the peer's
 announcement. But that difference between
 us and the peer is that
 we have extensive customer base for high-performance computing.
 indeed remarked the stone grooves
 that is demonstrated by the grossing orders.
 Test time is getting longer for the leading-edge process, and this strength is a source of the differentiation.
 Thank you very much.
 As a follow-up question, Mr. Yoshida now commented on HPC, and it will be the future pillar of the business.
 When you say HPC, do you mean GPU or ARM core?
 And if it is GPU, would you give us the background of the longer test time for GPU?
 Thank you, Mr. Wadaki.
 this is Mihashi
 we categorized as
 HPC,
 high-performance computing
 and that includes
 graphic processor unit
 as we mentioned
 and diverse
 accelerators for processing.
 high-end
 FDGA
 High-end applications for data center are included here.
 So, this is not only for GPU.
 We're understood. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you for the question.
 .
 The next question is from Mr. Yoshida of CNSH Securities.
 This is Yoshida of CLSA Securities. Do you hear me?
 Yes, you presented the market estimate for this year, $4.5 to $5 billion for SOC and $1.4 to $1.5 billion for memory.
 and you talked about the difference
 between you and the competitors.
 How do you see the shared dynamics?
 Presumably, as you mentioned, your HPC customers will adopt more 5nG, and I assume that would lead to your share gain.
 Would you comment on the shared dynamics of SOC and memory from the previous year to this year?
 Mr. Yoshida, this is Mihashi
 I think that your question is about the comparison between the current year 2021 and the current year 2022.
 Is that right?
 Yes.
 ShareDynamics is clearly affected by customer's business trend.
 As for the next year, according to our market forecast,
 though it is slightly hard to tell.
 competitors' customers' business trends will slow down.
 and naturally it will lead to our share gain.
 so next year
 I'll share
 in computer communication will grow.
 And besides the share gain in high-end products,
 we expect substantial market growth of automotive, industrial, and consumer-related next year as well.
 We included the share gain in those markets in our forecast for the year.
 as for memory
 I said before that HPC will push up
 the SOC business.
 and with the growth of high-end performance computing,
 on memory side
 HBM2,
 DDR64 graphics or DDR5, such DRAM application will be growing next year.
 and based on this, we put up the market estimate.
 In these areas, we expect that our customers will move actively next year.
 and that will result in our share game.
 Thank you
 So, you expect to gain share both in SOC and memory in 2022, do you?
 Sakamoto speaking.
 As Yoshida mentioned before, we expect in 2022 HPC will gain strong momentum.
 We did have high share visit, and through customer engagement, we would gain share and boost sales.
 data center demand will grow, and the full-flate mass production will launch for
 DRAM and DDR5.
 As we have strong share in DRAM, we will gain share in this area as well.
 and we will achieve strong share gain in SOC and memory.
 Thank you.
 as a follow-up question
 you commented on the direction in 2022, but farther down the road toward 2023,
 you gave us some colors before that the growth will be sustained but toward the 2023 with a
 rollout of 3nano-g, competitors' customers will increase investment. How
 How shall we see your business toward 2023?
 For 3nano-G, you may have new customers who are not the customers of competitors,
 but can you capture a new business
 at the launch L3 Nano-G.
 How should I see your prospect for 2023?
 3
 you see they're speaking
 Given the 30% growth in 2021,
 20% in 2022
 you may wonder
 the sustainability of the growth
 in 2023.
 3.
 and not optimistic either.
 Currently with a longer lead time,
 Order level have been high.
 and when the leave time is shortened,
 the growth in orders
 will be slowing down.
 But we have high expectation for the node development from 5nm to 3nm.
 With the progress, the testing is technically getting more difficult and customers are also wondering how to test products.
 This is the area where we can leverage our strengths with the strong appetite for technology buy.
 We may observe overall slowdown, but in our prospect, demand for tests for new technology will be sustained in 2023, 2024, and 2025.
 I see. Thank you.
 Thank you for the question.
 Next question is from Mr. Damien Thun of Makauri Capital Securities.
 This is Damien Son of Macquarie Capital. Do you hear me?
 in your guidance for the fourth quarter.
 OB margin is considerably high.
 It might be the record high, 30.9%,
 and your order backlog is high
 and the ratio of SOC tester is also high.
 As for the OP margin for the next year, will it be sustained or will it increase further?
 Would you conceive any upside potential and downside risk?
 The forecast on page 13 shows the operating margin for the false quota as 30.9%.
 This is supported by the favorable product mix, and given the order backlog of SOC, I
 I expect the similar level of OB margin is achievable in the process of working on the order backlog.
 But, we also expect the cost increase in parts, logistics, and labor.
 so the actual situation is highly uncertain.
 We have not secured all the parts for 2022 yet.
 So, given those concerns,
 If we can achieve the guidance for the fourth quarter, you can take the next year will be close to this level.
 Thank you.
 Supply tightness of the semiconductor will continue everywhere.
 but in your visibility
 how much of your need
 for the next year is already secured
 with a growth of 20% for
 SOC tester, how much can you cover
 in your supply chain.
 are you asking about our supply chain
 not about the entire
 You have a semiconductor.
 Applied chain of semiconductor and non-semiconductor.
 How far older backlog can you manage?
 Six months or nine months?
 How much remaining risk do you have now?
 Even for the sales in the fourth quarter, I said in the presentation that I cannot say no risk.
 In the very tight condition, we are negotiating with our suppliers.
 and unfortunately
 at this moment we cannot comment
 about what to happen
 you what timings through
 the year
 this is not
 our unique issue, but
 Automotive and many other companies
 share the same issue
 but for some product
 Due to the economic slowdown in China,
 Inventory Build-Up
 re-hold, and the excess generated there might relieve pressure on other semiconductors.
 and this might mitigate the supply demand tightness.
 I hope you understand that we cannot specify the timing and how it will be resolved clearly
 at this moment
 understood
 Thank you.
 However, our customers are also serving as suppliers, so despite the strong customers'
 request for testers actuary, we cannot produce due to the lack of
 Cineconductor.
 Such situation has been ongoing
 so through various
 channels.
 Now we are trying to build momentum to prioritize SPE in supply of semiconductors.
 Thank you for your detailed explanation.
 Thank you for the question.
 Next slide.
 Next question is from Mr. Hirakawa of B of AE Securities.
 Thank you.
 I am Hirakawa of B.O.B.
 I also would like to ask about the PATH procurement.
 I'd like to hear about the current parts procurement environment compared to three months ago.
 has it changed
 or are you
 may even
 changed or getting worse?
 Has the part in short changed?
 Let us know the change from three months ago.
 The issues visible three months ago remain unsolved.
 In our case, the parts, in short, are very limited and that they have not expanded.
 and since they are semiconductor parts, for the sudden production increased demand,
 You first have
 extra capacity
 that would be
 do respond to it, but actually
 there is no such
 extra capacity and that's
 ongoing, so if
 There is a demand for production increase.
 Priority in the fab needs to be adjusted.
 As a result, whether any improvement is observed from three months ago, we do not fear so.
 but we do not see the aggravation either
 orders have been increasing
 Father
 and we need to place additional orders for supply years
 but suppliers cannot respond immediately.
 I see. Thank you.
 or a follow-up question
 I'm always impressed
 with Mr. Yoshida's
 cautious remarks.
 Now, you are expecting the SOC tester market to grow by 10% to 20%
 and you're expecting over 20% growth in your revenue.
 True, you did say
 you haven't fully secured all of the necessary parts for that.
 But I got the impression that you actually have a pretty good prospect for satisfying the procurement requirements.
 Can you elaborate on that?
 We are providing our suppliers with a longer-term forecast.
 together with
 purchase orders being placed
 early on
 So true, we believe that the volume of secured parts should increase from what it is today.
 but the question is
 Can we really secure all the amount for sure with absolute certainty?
 Well, many things could happen with semiconductor supplies, including some unexpected defects.
 So, in that sense, we do not have a full visibility.
 There are some wafers that have yet to be loaded, so there are risks in that sense.
 But keep in mind that we will start from the order backlog of 350 billion yen.
 And at the current rate, that 350 billion yen worth should be shipped in less than a year.
 And we do have actions in place to procure the necessary parts.
 The point is, we are taking action, but whether they would ensure the full amount is not 100% sure.
 I see.
 Thank you.
 Next is Mr. Nakamura from Goldman Sachs.
 Thank you.
 you said system level
 Testament
 at the present moment
 is very
 strong
 Can you elaborate on the background?
 I understand that it is in conjunction with strong demand for SOC testers, but is it due to an increase in the number of customers, or is it due to increase in applications?
 This is Mihashi speaking.
 The background for strong SLT demand is, as you indicated, the system market itself growing.
 basically starting from APU and other mobility applications
 to high-end and or automotive applications.
 In addition, we are focusing on recurring consumables business related to SLT hardware and system sales.
 The combination of the two are driving the current strong order levels.
 I see.
 so in that sense
 it's not the increase in customers, but increase in applications. Am I correct?
 Yes, but
 Increased applications also entail increased customers.
 I see.
 A follow-up question on profitability.
 Current profitability
 or the operating, the profit margin of a system-level test is what I have a question on.
 How does it compare to your overall company-wide profit margin?
 Profit margin of system-level tests is not very different from that of ATE profitability overall, so pretty high.
 The new acquisition has yet to be included.
 But the profit margin of the two previous acquisitions, as well as the business for SSDs,
 It's not very different from that of SOC tester or ATE overall.
 I see.
 So that means a margin of over 30%, correct?
 Do you mean gross margins?
 No operating margin.
 actually none of our businesses have reached
 over a 30%
 operating margin yet. It's a little
 less than that
 our internal
 projection
 of 30%
 is overall
 for the fourth quarter.
 so it could be
 close to 30%.
 Maybe ATE is a bit higher.
 I see.
 That's helpful.
 Thank you.
 That's all.
 Next is Mr. Hasegawa from Mitsubishi UFJ Morgan Stanley.
 thank you
 I would like to ask further on memory testers.
 I know it's a delicate subject, but you mentioned some customers revising their investment plans.
 Can you elaborate on that to the extent possible?
 Also, what about other factors?
 This is Sakamoto speaking.
 Yes, some customers revise their investment plans.
 but I will refrain from giving specifics.
 One thing I can say for sure is that while we revise the guidance downward by 10 billion yen,
 It is not due to order cancellations or competitors taking our market share or slowing down of the market.
 So we regard this as the postponement,
 which shall contribute to the FY22 sales.
 I see.
 So what about other customers or applications such as DRAM and NAND?
 Markets is very strong.
 As for DRAM, as mentioned earlier, customers are investing to prepare for the mass production of DDR5.
 the same for LPDDR5.
 As for NAND, manufacturers are adding more layers.
 they have plans for that
 and are executing that.
 both DRAM and NAND related
 investments are very active, so we will make sure we capture that
 momentum. I see.
 So investment plan changes are limited only to specific customers.
 And as far as other customers and applications are concerned, strong investment momentum continues.
 Am I correct?
 Yes.
 You talked about gaining more market share next year.
 So is it fair to say that that should be carried over to FY22?
 Yes.
 Thank you.
 That's all.
 Next is Mr. Yoshikawa from Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities.
 Thank you.
 I think my question has been generally answered by your previous comments,
 but just for clarification
 Your projection for 2022 SOC tester market is between $4.5 to $5 billion
 with growth rates of 10% to over 20%.
 That's a pretty wide range.
 I take it that given a large order backlog, this wide range is not due to demand,
 but that it depends on the parts procurement level.
 Am I correct?
 Yes, we believe that will be a big factor.
 Plus, the investment level of semiconductor manufacturers where our exposure is small, which is not yet clear.
 so it's a combination
 of those two factors.
 I see
 So let's use this midpoint of over a 15% growth.
 Based on what you said, your market share is expected to increase in 22, so it could be higher, closer to 20% or even higher on a calendar year basis.
 Am I correct?
 For SOC overall, yes, that is our expectation.
 I see.
 A follow-up question.
 Regarding SOC, you said you have great expectation for HPC.
 Maybe it's an awkward question, but looking at HPC, communication, and other automotive applications,
 how would you rank them in terms of growth rate?
 This is Mihashi speaking.
 sync. You mentioned HPC,
 communication applications meaning mobile
 and automotive and industrial equipment.
 mention.
 Automotive and industrial equipment are small in terms of TAM, but they have highest growth rate, followed by HPC.
 mobile market is still large
 but in terms of growth
 I think it's fair to say
 it's close to flat growth.
 I see.
 Thank you.
 what about
 display driver.
 For display driver, flat to slight increase is what we project for calendar year 22.
 I see.
 Thank you.
 That's all.
 Next is Mr. Mayakawa from Credit Suisse.
 Thank you.
 I have a question on your market share.
 Earlier, you mentioned as a factor, major semiconductor manufacturer where your current share is low.
 I'm wondering if you'll be able to comment on that factor starting 2023.
 I say that because right now that company is only doing APU, but most probably from next year, it will start using its own modems.
 And I believe you have a 100% market share in the conventional modem suppliers.
 so I'm wondering if we can
 expect you to win that business next year.
 also
 I don't know if we can call them the new customers, but I'm interested in hyperscalers, which are increasingly using their own chips.
 Could they be added to your customer base?
 What's your expectation for this year and the next?
 In terms of expectations, yes, we have a great expectation for hyperscalers.
 But what will be the volume is still not clear.
 Regarding the start of in-house production at the company where current exposure is low, of course, we are making marketing efforts aggressively.
 And similarly, our competitor, our peer, is approaching our customers aggressively.
 Our current exposure is limited, but we are making efforts to increase that.
 So, what are our expectations for 23 and 24?
 since we are
 competing head-to-head frankly we wouldn't know until we actually see the
 results.
 In terms of the market share, even for SOC testers, it's currently 50-50, evenly split between the peer and us.
 And I believe that would continue for some time.
 I see.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for your detailed response.
 That's all.
 Next is Mr. Hanaya from SMBC NICO Securities.
 Thank you.
 I have one question regarding your production capacity.
 For parts procurement, you have already explained in detail, so I understand.
 can't.
 Given the market outlook and projected increase in your market share for next fiscal year,
 if we assume that your
 revenue goes up by 20%
 from this fiscal year's 410 billion yen.
 On a quarterly basis, the sales would be over 120 billion yen.
 My estimate is that perhaps 120 billion yen level is the upper limit of your current capacity.
 It's the upper limit of what your current capacity can handle.
 So I'm wondering if you see the need for additional capital expenditure going forward,
 Or would you stick to your conventional policy of not increasing fixed costs and resort to external resources?
 Can you comment on that?
 In terms of the production capacity expansions,
 Our basic policy is to handle incremental demand for systems through external resources outsourcing.
 So we can respond to 120 billion yen sales with the current capacity,
 with the current system, as long as we can secure parts of life.
 We don't have any plans to drastically change our business model
 and switch to increasing in-health production capacity.
 If there are incremental demand, we will respond by enhancing external production capacity.
 we will respond through outsourcing.
 Having said that, for some of the consumables, it is more efficient to produce in-house closer to customers.
 So for such some consumables, there is the possibility of a capacity expansion.
 but for the
 sales level
 of 120 billion yen per quarter
 or 480 or 500 billion yen per year.
 I believe we can handle that
 with our current capacity
 and conversely
 even if they were to shrink
 to 400 or 350 billion yen, for example.
 We will not be affected because of this production style.
 I see.
 very clear.
 Thank you.
 That's all.
 Thank you for your questions.
 With this, we end the Q&A session.
 Thank you for your participation.