Hello, good morning everyone and welcome to our first semester results conference call. As usual, besides myself and the investor relations team we have on the call today Ruy Almeida from the finance team, Paul Timonich from Borton, Hugo Martins from Sanai Action, Luis Mota de Lalas from Sanai Sierra, and Cristiano Vaz from Sanai Investor Management. I will start by presenting an overview of our results in the first half of the year and at the end as usual we will have time for Q&A. So, as you all know, 2021 continues to be marked by severe restrictions to all our businesses across the geography, in spite of the progress in the vaccination plan around the world. In Portugal in particular we had another lockdown from mid-January until mid-April and since then we have witnessed a gradual easing of the restrictions but still with significant limitations both in terms of store capacity and also opening hours. In total we had 11 weeks of lockdown this year versus 7 weeks of lockdown last year. Nevertheless, total turnover increased 4% year on year in Q2 with a resilient performance of food format and with other brands such as Edemal and Wells benefiting from the recovery from last year's difficult period in terms of the restrictions. In the first half of the year, turnover amounted to €2.5 billion, a 5.4% year on year growth and a like for like increase of 2.3% across different banners and once again Sanayi MC was able to strengthen its leadership position with a market share increase in the period. A quick note to Sanayi MC's online channel that registered high growth rates in the first half of the year, around 45%, having also grown in Q2 despite the abnormal peak of demand levels in the same periods of 2020. Regarding profitability, underlying EBITDA in the first half of 2021 improved by 7.3% year on year to €235 million, representing a margin of 9.4%, 17 basis points above last year. This is a result of a strong turnover growth and also a sustained operational profitability profile diluting the extra COVID-19 directly related costs. In terms of store expansion, Sanayi MC continued to open stores in its proximity format with new Bombia stores, a total of 16 Bombia stores up to June and launched the first cashless store offered by a European retailer, which is called Compte Rendu Lab. Pre-tax profit for the year was €156 million over the last 12 months, leading net debt to €654 million at the end of June, only €60 million above last year's figure, mainly impacted by the dividend payments of €140 million in Q2 and implying a total net debt on a line of 3.3 times. Moving on to Vorten. At Vorten, the dynamics were quite similar to Sanayi MC with the Portuguese operation decelerating growth after the strong performance achieved during last year's lockdown. In Spain, obviously, total turnover decreased as a result of the downsizing of operations in mainland Spain, but the evolution on a pro forma basis was quite positive. Overall, Vorten delivered a very strong sales performance in Q2, reaching €246 million, more than 4% growth versus 2019 and almost in line with 2020, obviously with the latter benefiting from extraordinary sales resulting from the first and most stringent confinement period of last year. On a like-for-like basis, Vorten posted a sound growth of 1.5% in Q2 with positive performances from both the online and offline operations, including also the marketplace and services operations. In year-to-date terms, total turnover increased 7.5% year-on-year with a like-for-like of 14.4%, reaching €518 million. We further reinforced our market share and consolidated our leadership position in Portugal. This positive top-line performance and also the restructuring costs in Spain contributed to an improved underlying EBITDA that reached €31 million at the end of H1 with a margin of 6%, growing 1.9 percentage points versus 2020. At Sanai Fashion, Q2 was a quarter of clear recovery following the loss of experience during last year's lockdown. Total turnover increased 41% and was practically in line with 2019, a year without any restrictions, obviously in terms of pandemic. Sanai Fashion proved once again to be a solid performer in a challenging context, gaining market share in its key markets. In year-to-date terms, Sanai Fashion's performance is also encouraging as top-line stood at €135 million, 3.7% above last year with a like-for-like of 5.1%. And this is statistically consistent in the first half of the year. As I mentioned before, stores were closed for 11 weeks, which compares to the 7 weeks of full lockdown in 2020. An important highlight is online sales, which continue to deliver high growth rates and reached 17% of total turnover this semester. Overall, Sanai Fashion was able to post an improved underlying EBITDA in Q2 and in the first semester. And after a negative Q1, mostly due to the new lockdown in Portugal, underlying EBITDA reached €5.4 million in Q2 and €1.5 million in the first half of the year. Moving on to ISRG. ISRG is having a terrific recovery, already surpassing 2019 performance levels, a clear sign that even under this backdrop, the company's banners have truly unique selling propositions. As you know, we have a planned mismatch this FYD, so we've installed the company's Q1 account, which saw a significant recovery, both regarding last year and the year before, with all the banners presenting an encouraging positive evolution. Once again, the online channel played a critical role, with a threefold increase and more than offsetting a weaker evolution of the offline channel, given the restrictions that we experienced. Overall, the last six months showed a very good performance, both above last year and also 2019 figures. This top line improvement within the quarter was able to achieve a significant improvement at the BDA level. This performance implied a much better equity method contribution towards Sanai's results. Apart from the operational performance, I would like to highlight the agreement between ISRG and Deporvilas' founders to acquire a 90% stake in this e-commerce player for €140 million. Deporvilas is a well-known online retailer focused on the sale of specialist sports equipment, mainly for cycling, running and outdoor, with sales of €118 million and a profit forecast of €7.4 million in 2020. Post-completion, the two founders will keep a 20% stake and their management roles as CEO and also Chief Purchasing Officer. And this acquisition will enhance ISRG's specialization in key sports categories, while significantly increasing its physical capabilities in the sports e-commerce market and also complementing the ongoing positive developments in its existing banners, namely Sprinter and Sportszone. Also in Q2, ISRG expanded into a new geography by acquiring FQR, the operator in the Netherlands with the Ferries and Naxi banners. This is also an important milestone for the company and important international expansion move and a clear step towards achieving the vision of being a European leader in sports retail. As for Sanai Sierra, as you all know, 2021 continues to be a challenging year for the shopping center industry, as lockdown restrictions across different countries continue to impact the forum. Nevertheless, I would like to highlight that there have been positive signs of a return to normality every time restrictions are eased, as there continues to be strong consumer demand for quality shopping center destinations. For Sanai Sierra, Q2 was also a quarter of recovery, with encouraging sales performance in Portugal since the reopening of shopping centers in the middle of April and a sustained positive evolution in the remaining European countries. From an operational standpoint, and considering year-to-date figures, Sanai Sierra's European portfolio recorded an 11.6% year-on-year increase in sales, a decrease of 12.3% year-on-year in rent, penalized by discounts in Portugal.

3% year-on-year in rank. Fineline 5% growth continued at a very high and stable rate of 97% FTM in H1. Looking at the Portugal management accounts, Finline reported a net loss of 4.6 million euros year-to-date, with 11 million euros direct results and a negative 15 million euros of indirect results mainly due to property revaluations in the quarter. In any case, NAG actually increased for the first time in several quarters, up to 911 million euros at the end of June, with a net loss that I mentioned previously being more than offset by a positive FX impact in Brazil. For Finline Financial Services, the second quarter was marked by the launch of the partnership with Banco Tipipecet, as I mentioned before, and the implementation of a new business model for the Universal Card. Due to this business model change, and as the credit stack will only start being generated in December 2020, the company's turnover naturally showed a discontinuity that will be mitigated in the coming months with the growth of the credit stock. Nevertheless, in operational terms and with regards to the Universal Market Share, it stood at 15% at the end of May, the latest data that we have, which compares to 14.8% last year. The company also continued its strong efforts to expand its digital footprint, surpassing already 500,000 customers, digital customers at the end of June, a 39,000 customer increase when compared to the end of March. Regarding MDS, the insurance brokerage company, it continues to show a strong commercial performance across all channels and geographies, and this resulted in very strong growth, which is high single digit in Portugal and double digit in Brazil, and a significant improvement in operating profitability. Similarly to the first quarter, in proportional terms, considering the 50% consolidation of MDS, Somaya has had continued to register a year-on-year decrease as a result of both the pandemic context and the business model change that I mentioned before with Banco Tipipecet. Overall, H1 turnover stood at 30.1 million euros and EBITDA followed the same trend, reaching a negative 3 million euros in the first half of the year. At Somaya M, the quarter was marked by the sale of parts of our stake in Article for 36 million euros, with a gross capital gain of 12 million euros, and the announcement of the sale together with the other shareholders of BizDirect for just over 12 million euros, which should be concluded in Q3. BizDirect was already considered as an asset held for sale, and therefore it is not considered both in 2021 and in past comparisons. In operational terms, Somaya M's turnover increased by 11% year-on-year to 29 million euros, benefiting from the performance of the climate security portfolio, and underlying EBITDA also improved compared to last year. In terms of portfolio activities, the company's M&D reached 305 million euros, and apart from the already mentioned activities, Somaya M entered into the share capital of Portainer of IoT, one of the most popular container management platforms globally. In addition to this, and also not less relevant, H1 was marked by relevant achievements in some of the minority stakes that we hold indirectly, namely through Article, but also through some companies that we saw. Regarding Article, the company recently announced a new financing round of 150 million dollars by some of the existing and new investors at a underlying valuation of 4.3 billion dollars. Despite being a relatively small transaction, it's also a good sign of the company's strong evolution and potential. Finally, Noth. Noth has already published its results last week. I would say a solid set of results, but the company continues to post solid operational performance in its telco segment, and the media and entertainment segment was marked by the reopening of cinema theaters on the 19th of April. Turnover amounted to 341 million euros in Q2, a growth of 6.2% year-on-year, the first quarter with growth since the end of 2019, supported by 5% revenue growth in telco and a nearly 50% growth in the media and entertainment segment, driven by the reopening of cinema theaters, as I mentioned before. In H1, turnover stood at a total of 607 million euros, a 1.8% year-on-year increase. Regarding profitability, Q2 EBITDA decreased 2.2% year-on-year due to an increase in direct costs as last year these were unusually low due to some extraordinary accounting of content costs. And in year-to-date terms, EBITDA stood at 307 million euros, a 1.3% decrease year-on-year. Overall, net income decreased by 2 million euros to 43 million euros in Q2 and more than doubled compared to last year's 74 million euros in the first half of the year. I will now cover briefly Consolidated performance. And so in Consolidated terms, turnover increased by 5.1% year-on-year to 1.6 billion euros in Q2, mainly anchored on the positive contributions from Financy and Finite Fashion, leading to a 5.5% growth in H1 to 3.2 billion euros. Following this offline trend, in Q2, NLS increased 9.9% year-on-year to 136 million euros, mainly driven by the recovery of Finite Fashion and also the impact of the Spanish restructuring costs at the bottom. And at the end of the semester, we reached 246 million euros, 11.4% above last year. EBITDA reached 165 million euros in Q2, a significant improvement versus last year, mainly backed by the operational recovery of the businesses harmed by the COVID-19 restrictions last year, also a higher net result of ISRG when compared to 2020 and the capital gain from the dilution of Financiary Market School. This performance led to a total EBITDA in the semester of 292 million euros, a 15.5% increase year-on-year. Overall, direct results increased almost 50 million euros in Q2, 55 million euros and more than 17 million euros in the first semester due to the high level of COVID-19 extra costs and provisions registered back in Q1 of 2020. Direct results were 10 million euros in Q2 this year, positively impacted by Financiary Portfolio Valuation and the dividends increased. The dividends increased from direct loss of just under 11 million euros, which more than offset Financiary Investment Property Valuation decrease. All in all, Financiary's net result reached 62 million euros, both in Q2 and also in the semester. In terms of operational cash flow, Financiary Portfolio released a total of 123 million euros during the last 12 months. These last 12 months saw quite some activity in terms of portfolio management, as we discussed in previous calls. At the end, we reinforced its shareholder positions in North, South and Financiary for a total consideration of 323 million euros, also including Financiary and its investments in the period. This was partially offset by 109 million of cash flow fees from acquisitions, mainly related with Financiary and Financiary's fair release acquisitions. But all in all, Financiary's free cash flow for the last 12 months before dividend paid stood at a negative 100 million euros, 101 million euros at the end of Q2 this year. Therefore, an after dividend paid consolidated net debt reached just under 1.5 billion euros, still a conservative level of leverage as Financiary continues to build a solid capital structure with a comfortable financing position, which includes a low cost of debt of 1.1% and an average maturity profile of 3.6 years and an LTV of 15%. Additionally, if we look at the leverage profiles of our main businesses, they also remain quite solid and prudent across the portfolio. Financiary reached, as I mentioned before, 3.3 times total net debt on the line of EDA ratio. North maintained its net financial debt to EDA at 1.8 times. And Financiary currently holds a launch value of 24% and has a very strong liquidity position. So overall, we are quite pleased with the results achieved by our portfolio of businesses this year. And these last 18 months have been challenging. But we feel that we are now coming out of this pandemic strong and prepared for the future. That's it for me for now. Thank you, everyone, for listening. And you can now open the session to Q&A, please. Thank you. Q&A session has now started. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad. Our first question is from Jose Vidal from CaixaBank. Your line is now open. Yes, hi. Good morning to all. And congratulations for the release of the results. I have some questions on Financi. So first on the fact that we are approaching quite difficult comps. So last year was a strong period, but still you achieve quite decent results in Q2. My question is if this level of last year is achieving for slightly positive Q3 Q4 results for the upcoming quarters. So that's the first question on Financi. And then the second related to the new business. We've seen Financi, so this business are recovering fast because last year some of our social clubs. So my question is if these business on a steady state are matching equities to Financi. And the third question on Financi is if you think slightish margins feasible over the coming quarters, even if competition seems to be picking up. That will be my question on Financi. And then I shall continue with another on Boston. Okay, great. Thank you. Thank you for your questions. I will hand over to Rui.

Okay, great. Thank you for your questions. I will hand it over to Luis to ask a couple of questions. Hi, Luis. Well, I'm going to answer the very first question. I think from the front, I was a little bit a little bit a little bit a little bit a little bit. We have to continue to maintain our margins. We have to continue to maintain our margins. We have to continue to maintain our margins. We have to continue to maintain our margins. As we said a few years ago, we have to maintain our margins. We see that our margins will be stable for 10 years in the industry, at least until the end of this year. Going forward, in the very first question, well, we feel that the second question is very difficult, but we feel that we lack a very positive situation on our side. In fact, in the last round of July, we saw a positive lateral. We have to see that we don't see any reasons to not consider a positive lateral. Regarding the second question, I apologize. Yes. So this new business, I think this is around 10% of non-IMC sales. If the margin is higher than the consolidated margin of non-IMC or lower than... Okay, the new business as well, business as you call them, well, they are evolving quite well. In fact, they started a lot in the last month, but they are evolving quite well. And in fact, there are several businesses, providers with very good margins. That's true. As you said, they account for less than 10% of our sales, typical sales. And the bulk is basically... I believe we have to do business from the performance and also from the relevance of the size, the quality, quite well. And we see this good process as well. We have several providers with very good performance as well. But we consider in that phase, for instance, like Zoom or Note, which are businesses that we are developing in the business structure. But for us, very quickly, it's a business that is reinforcing our power. So we see those businesses as being very important in the last point of the performance. And they are doing quite well. And we continue to see the market evolving quite well in the future. Okay, great. Before you go into your follow-up questions, may I just ask everyone to put your microphone on mute because we're hearing a lot of noise. And if you could just be close to the microphone, I think that would also help. Go ahead. Okay, no, just to understand if on a steady state, if business has already been accretive to the margin, not specifically this quarter or last year it was impacted by certain events, but let's say in 2019, if this new business were accretive or not to the consolidated margin of IMC? Yes, the business, all business are accretive. For instance, we have, for instance, Varges, the L.O.R. Photoshop in the business. We certainly saw a lot of these lockdown measures in the last month. But they are working quite well. And in fact, there are several businesses. They are providers with very good margins. That's true. As you said, they account for less than 10% of our sales, typical sales. And the bulk is basically, I believe, we have to do business from the performance and also from the relevance of the size, the quality, quite well. And we see this good process as well. We have several providers with very good performance as well. But we consider in that phase, for instance, like Zoom or Note, it's a business that we are developing in the business structure. But for us, very quickly, it's a business that is reinforcing our power. So we see those businesses as being very important in the last point of the performance. And they are doing quite well. And we continue to see the market evolving quite well in the future. Okay, great. Before you go into your follow-up questions, may I just ask everyone to put your microphone on mute because we're hearing a lot of noise. And if you could just be close to the microphone, I think that would also help. Go ahead. Okay, no, just to understand if on a steady state, if business has already been accretive to the margin, not specifically this quarter or last year it was impacted by certain events, but let's say in 2019, if this new business were accretive or not to the consolidated margin of IMC? Yes, the business, all business are accretive. For instance, we have, for instance, Varges, the LOR Photoshop in the business. We certainly saw a lot of these lockdown measures in the last month. But they are working quite well. And in fact, there are several businesses. They are providers with very good margins. That's true. As you said, they account for less than 10% of our sales, typical sales. And the bulk is basically, I believe, we have to do business from the performance and also from the relevance of the size, the quality, quite well. And we see this good process as well. We have several providers with very good performance as well. But we consider in that phase, for instance, like Zoom or Note, it's a business that we are developing in the business structure. But for us, very quickly, it's a business that is reinforcing our power. So we see those businesses as being very important in the last point of the performance. And they are doing quite well. And we continue to see the market evolving quite well in the future. Okay, great. Before you go into your follow-up questions, may I just ask everyone to put your microphone on mute because we're hearing a lot of noise. And if you could just be close to the microphone, I think that would also help. Go ahead. Okay, no, just to understand if on a steady state, if business has already been accretive to the margin, not specifically this quarter or last year it was impacted by certain events, but let's say in 2019, if this new business were accretive or not to the consolidated margin of IMC? Yes, the business, all business are accretive. For instance, we have, for instance, Varges, the LOR Photoshop in the business. We certainly saw a lot of these lockdown measures in the last month. But they are working quite well. And in fact, there are several businesses. They are providers with very good margins. That's true. As you said, they account for less than 10% of our sales, typical sales. And the bulk is basically, I believe, we have to do business from the performance and also from the relevance of the size, the quality, quite well. And we see this good process as well. We have several providers with very good performance as well. But we consider in that phase, for instance, like Zoom or Note, it's a business that we are developing in the business structure. But for us, very quickly, it's a business that is reinforcing our power. So we see those businesses as being very important in the last point of the performance. And they are doing quite well. And we continue to see the market evolving quite well in the future. Okay, great. Before you go into your follow-up questions, may I just ask everyone to put your microphone on mute because we're hearing a lot of noise. And if you could just be close to the microphone, I think that would also help. Go ahead. Okay, no, just to understand if on a steady state, if business has already been accretive to the margin, not specifically this quarter or last year it was impacted by certain events, but let's say in 2019, if this new business were accretive or not to the consolidated margin of IMC? Yes, the business, all business are accretive. For instance, we have, for instance, Varges, the LOR Photoshop in the business. We certainly saw a lot of these lockdown measures in the last month. But they are working quite well. And in fact, there are several businesses. They are providers with very good margins. That's true. As you said, they account for less than 10% of our sales, typical sales. And the bulk is basically, I believe, we have to do business from the performance and also from the relevance of the size, the quality, quite well. And we see this good process as well. We have several providers with very good performance as well. But we consider in that phase, for instance, like Zoom or Note, it's a business that we are developing in the business structure. But for us, very quickly, it's a business that is reinforcing our power. So we see those businesses as being very important in the last point of the performance. And they are doing quite well. And we continue to see the market evolving quite well in the future. Okay, great. Before you go into your follow-up questions, may I just ask everyone to put your microphone on mute because we're hearing a lot of noise. And if you could just be close to the microphone, I think that would also help. Go ahead. Okay, no, just to understand if on a steady state, if business has already been accretive to the margin, not specifically this quarter or last year it was impacted by certain events, but let's say in 2019, if this new business were accretive or not to the consolidated margin of IMC? Yes, the business, all business are accretive. For instance, we have, for instance, Varges, the LOR Photoshop in the business. We certainly saw a lot of these lockdown measures in the last month. But they are working quite well. And in fact, there are several businesses. They are providers with very good margins. That's true. As you said, they account for less than 10% of our sales, typical

There are meaningful synergies that we can extract as good interactions between those teams. So we do not do the same policy in Brazil at this point. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. From JIP Capital. Please go ahead. Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. I have three, two on M&C. A follow-up on José's question. This positive life-for-life that you've seen in July on the overall portfolio. You are also seeing a positive life-for-life in supermarkets? The second question is, can you elaborate on how the competitive environment has evolved in recent months? And finally, a question on capital allocation. You have been very active in terms of capital allocation. You sold Max Martins in Spain with the spacing knowledge here. What could be the next big move for Sarai? Also knowing that you're going to grow your international presence. If you could tell us in general terms what you're looking for, including if it is in the same sector as you are invested in or in new ones, would be great. Thank you. Thank you, João. Do you want to start with the M&C questions and I'll take the last one at the end? Hi, João. So, very lucky last. Yes, we see it off the heat. Well, July was a good month. Yes. But not a good month. We very much agree and believe that the fact that we were able to generate in the last month, there are some players who are in the last month. But we knew that it would happen as the year last. The fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the last month is being, the fact that we were able to generate in the

But we are very happy that we were able to achieve this and to venture with our Q3 results at this moment in time. So thank you everyone, and I would like to wish good holidays for those of you going on holidays, and I hope you all remain safe and healthy. Thank you very much, and let's talk again when we present our Q3 results later in the year. Thank you, bye bye.

