 Hello, good morning everyone. Welcome to our first semester results conference call.
 As usual, besides myself and the investor relations team, we have on the call today,
 Luya Almeida from Sama MC,
 Altimões, from Barton.
 Hugo Martins, from my fashion.
 Luis Motobuart from Sonay Sierra, and Christian Weiss from Sonay Investment Management.
 I will start by presenting an overview of our results in the first half of the year and
 And at the end, as usual, we will have time for Q&A.
 So, as you all know, 2021 continues to be marked by severe restrictions to all our businesses
 across several geographies in spite of the progress
 in the vaccination plan around the world.
 In Portugal, in particular, we had another lockdown from mid-January until mid-April.
 And since then, we have witnessed a gradual easing of the restrictions, but still, we
 significant limitations, both in terms of store capacity and also opening hours.
 In total, we had 11 weeks of lockdown this year versus 7 weeks of lockdown last year.
 This being said, our businesses displayed a very positive reaction, and we are very
 proud of our operational results this year.
 Just before diving into the results, quick notes on ports for your management.
 And as you know, these last six months have been important in a number of fronts in terms
 of capital allocation. I would like to highlight the restructuring of our operations in work
 Spain, the increase of our state in Samaicera, the launch of a partnership between Samaicets
 And obviously the ability also shown by some IIMs to continue to invest in high growth tech
 companies and crystallize value in the right moment, and also the agreement reached by
 buy some IMC to sell its 50% stake in MaxMax for 65 million euros with an estimated capital
 game of 40 million euros.
 as the completion of this deal is expected in Q3.
 So let's go into the results and I will do this business by business as usual and then
 and I will talk about the consolidated results
 for the semester.
 Starting with SOMIMC.
 Sometimes we had a sub-comparable, as last year our food formats benefited from the first
 lockdown in Portugal that implies the shutdown of restaurants and continents is
 significantly outperformed the market last year.
 Nevertheless, total turnover increased 4% year-on-year in Q2,
 with a resilient performance of food formats, and with other brands, such as etymal and
 …
 Well, that's it for this video, and I'll see you in the next one.
 benefiting from a recovery from last year's difficult period
 in terms of restrictions.
 In the first half of the year, turnover amounted to 2.5 billion euros, a 5.4 year on year
 growth and a light for light increase of 2.3 percent, a quite solid performance across
 different banners, and once again SunIMC was able to strengthen its leadership position
 with a market share increase in the period.
 A quick note to some IMC's online channel that registered high growth rates in the first
 that of the year, around 45 per cent, having also grown into two despite the abnormal peak
 of demand levels in the same period of 2020.
 regarding profitability and the line of it, yeah,
 in the first half of 2021 improved by 7.3% year-on-year
 to 235 million euros, representing a margin of 9.4 percent, 17 basis points above last
 year.
 This is the result of a strong turnover growth and also a sustained operational profitability
 profile diluting the extra COVID-19 direct directly related costs.
 In terms of store expansion, SlimeC continued to open stores in its proximity format with
 new Bombia stores, a total of six new Bombia stores up to June, the end of June, and launched
 the first cashier list store offered by a European retailer,
 which is called Continental Labs.
 free cash flow before dividends to the 156 million euros over the last
 months, leading net debt to 654 million years at the end of June, and only 60 million years
 above last year's figure, mainly impacted by the dividend payment of 114 million euros
 MQ2 and implying a total net debt to an aligned ETA of 3.3 times.
 Moving on to Wharton.
 that worked in the dynamics were quite similar to some IMC with a Portuguese operation decelerating
 growth after the strong performance achieved during last year's lockdown.
 In Spain, obviously, total turnover decreased as a result of the downsizing of operations
 in mainland Spain, but the evolution on a pro-forma basis was quite positive.
 Overall, Vorton delivered a very strong sales performance
 in Q2, reaching 246 million euros, more than 4% growth versus 2019, and almost in line
 with 2020, obviously with the latter benefiting from extraordinary sales resulting from the
 the first and most stringent confinement period of last year.
 On a like-for-like basis, Vorton posted sound growth of 1.5% in Q2 with positive performances
 from both the online and offline operations, including also the marketplace and services
 operations. In year-to-date terms, total turnover increased 7.5% year-on-year with a like-for-like
 of 14.4% reaching 518 million euros.
 We further reinforced our market share
 and consolidated our leadership position in Portugal.
 this positive top line performance and also the restructuring profit in Spain contributed
 to an improved and the line of FDA that reached 31 million years at the end of H1 with a
 margin of 6% growing 1.9 percentage points versus 2020.
 That's what I fashioned.
 Q2 was a quarter of clear recovery as following the loss experienced during last year's lockdown.
 Total turnover increased 41% and was practically in line with 2019, a year without any restrictions,
 obviously, in terms of pandemic.
 So my passion proved once again to be a solid performer in a challenging context, getting
 market share in its key markets.
 In year-to-date terms, Sanay fashion's performance is also encouraging as top line stood at 135
 in euros, 3.7% above last year with a like for like of 5.1%.
 This is particularly taking into account that in the first half of the year, as I mentioned
 before stores were closed for 11 weeks, which compares to the seven weeks of full lockdown
 in 2020.
 An important highlight for online sales which continue to deliver high growth rates and
 having reached 17% of total turnover this semester.
 Overall, my passion was able to post and improve
 in the line of FDA both in Q2 and in the first semester, and after a negative Q1, mostly
 reduce the new lockdown in Portugal, and the line of ITA reached 5.4 million years in
 Thank you, too.
 and 1.5 million euros in the first half of the year.
 Moving on to ISRG. ISRG is having a terrific recovery, already surpassing 2019 performance
 levels, a clear sign that even under these backdrops,
 the company's banners have truly unique spelling propositions.
 As you know, we have a counter mismatch with VZBJD, so we consulted the companies to do
 which saw a significant recovery, both regarding last year and the year before, with all the
 of banners presenting and encouraging positive evolution.
 once again the online channel played a critical role
 with a three-fold increase and more than offsetting
 a weaker evolution of the offline channel, given the restriction that we experienced.
 Overall, the last six months showed a very good performance, both above last year and
 and also 2019 figures.
 This top-line improvement in the quarter was able to fuel a significant improvement at
 at the BTA level, this performance implied a much better equity method contribution
 towards funnily results.
 Apart from the operational performance, I would like to highlight the agreement between IFRG
 and therefore villages founders to acquire an 80% stake
 and the C-Commerce player for 140 million euros.
 Nepar Village is a well-known online retailer focused on the sale of specialist sports
 equipment, mainly for cycling, running, and outdoor, at which sales of 118 million euros
 and a profit for tax of 7.4 million euros in 2020.
 post completion, the two founders will keep a 20% stake
 and their management roles as CEO and also Chief Purchasing Officer, and this acquisition
 will enhance ISRG's specialization in key sports categories, while significantly increasing
 its digital capabilities in the sports equipment market, and also complementing the ongoing
 positive developments in its existing banners, namely printer and sports home.
 Thank you to ISRG expanded into a new geography.
 by acquiring SUR that operates in the Netherlands
 with the Perry and Naxi Banners.
 This is also an important milestone for the company, an important international expansion
 move and a clear step towards achieving the vision of being a European leader in sports
 Thank you.
 That's for some ICRF.
 As you all know, 2021 continues to be a challenging year for the shopping center industry as lockdown
 restrictions across different countries continue to impact the performance.
 Nevertheless, I would like to highlight that there have been positive signs of a return
 to normality, every time restrictions are eased as there continues to be strong consumer
 demand for quality shopping center detonations.
 Fourth on ICRQ2 was also a quarter of a recovery, with encouraging sales performance
 in Portugal since the reopening of shopping centers in the middle of April, and a sustained
 positive evolution in the remaining European countries, from an operational standpoint
 and considering new today's figures.
 tonight's carers european ports fully recorded
 an 11.6% year-on-year increase in stem cells, a decrease of 12.3% year-on-year in rents,
 penalized like this counts in Portugal,
 cannot currency rates continued at very high and stable rates
 of 97% at the end of each one.
 looking at the forceful management accounts,
 a nice camera reported a net loss of 4.6 million euros
 year to date, split between a positive 11 million year direct result and a negative
 15 million years of indirect results may need due to property re-evaluations in the quarter.
 In any case, NEV actually increased for the first time
 in several quarters, up to 900 million and 11 million euros
 that can do with the net loss that I mentioned previously being more than
 an offset by a positive FX impact in Brazil.
 For Sonia Financial Services, the second quarter was marked by the launch of the partnership with Banco
 As I mentioned before, and the implementation of the new business model for the universal
 card.
 Due to this business model change, and as the credit backbook only started being generated in December 2020,
 the company's turnover naturally shows its discontinuity that will be mitigated in the
 coming months with the growth of the credit stock.
 Nevertheless, an opportunity to thank you for joining us today.
 operational terms and with regards to Universal's market share, it's put at 15% at the end
 of May, the latest data that we have, which compares to 14.8 percent last year.
 The company also continued its strong efforts to expand its digital footprint surpassing
 already 500,000 customers and digital customers at Canada June at 39,000 customer increase
 when compared to the end of March.
 Regarding MDS, the insurance brokerage company,
 it continues to show a strong commercial performance
 across all channels and geographies.
 And this results in a very strong growth, which
 is high-single-digit in Portugal and double-digit in Brazil.
 and a significant improvement in operating profitability.
 That's similar at least to the first quarter in proportional terms, considering it's the
 50 percent consolidation of MDS, some assets continue to register a year on year decrease
 as a result of both the pandemic context and the business model change that I mentioned
 and before with Banco CTT.
 The overall H1 turnover stood at 30.1 million euros and then the line of it gave all the
 same trend reaching a negative 3 million euros in the first half of the year.
 That's what I am.
 The quarter was marked by the sale of parts of our stake in articles for 36 million euros
 with a gross capital gain of 12 million euros, and the announcements of the sale together
 with the other shareholders of this direct for just over 12 million euros, which should
 be concluded in Q3.
 This direct was already considered as an active help for sale, and therefore it is not considered
 both in 2021 and in past comparables.
 In operational terms, the IIM turnover increased by 11% year on year to 29% year on year, benefiting
 from the performance of the Fiber Security portfolio, and then the line of the K also
 improves compared to last year.
 In terms of portfolio activity, the company's NAD reached 305 million years, and the parts
 from the already mentioned activity,
 So I am entered into the shared capital of Portainer.io,
 one of the most popular container management platforms
 globally.
 In addition to this, and also not less relevant,
 H1 was marked by relevant achievements in some of the minority states that we hold indirectly,
 namely FISAI, Article Openout Systems, the three companies that reached already unicorn
 and valuations.
 Regarding articles, the company recently announced a new financing round of $150 million by some
 of the existing and new investors at an underlying valuation of $4.2 billion, despite being a
 relatively small transaction, it's also a good sign of the company's strong evolution
 and potential.
 No.
 North has already published its results last week, I would say a solid test result, but
 companies continue to post solid operational performance in the telco
 segments, and the media and entertainment segment was marked by the reopening of STEM
 of years on the 19th of April.
 turned over amounted to 341 million years in Q2, a growth of 6.2% year-on-year.
 the first quarter with growth since the end of 2019, supported by 5% positive evolution
 in telco and the nearly 50% growth in the media and entertainment segments driven by
 that we're opening up in years, as I mentioned before.
 In each one, turnover stood at a total of 678 million euros,
 1.8% year-on-year increase. Regarding profitability, Q2 of the VPA decreased 2.2% year-on-year
 due to an increase in direct costs as last year.
 These were unusually low due to some extraordinary accounting of content costs, and in years
 to date terms in the PAs stood at 307 million euros, a 1.3% decrease year on year.
 overall net income decreased by 2 million euros to 43 million euros in Q2 and more than
 doubled compared to last year to 74 million euros in the first half of the year.
 I will now cover briefly consolidated performance.
 And so in consolidated terms turnover increased by 5.1% year on year to 1.6 billion euros
 in the Q2, mainly anchored on the positive contributions
 from SONINC and SONI fashion, leading to a 5.5 percent growth in H1 to 3.2 billion years.
 Following this top-line trend in Q2 and allowing a BTA increase 9.9% year-on-year to 136 million
 years, mainly driven by the recovery of finite fashion, and also the impacts of the Spanish
 restructuring process at Martin and at the end of the semester we reached 246 million
 in your 11.4% above last year.
 EBITDA reached 165 million euros in the Q2, a significant improvement versus last year,
 mainly backed by the operational recovery of the businesses harmed by the COVID-19 restrictions
 last year, also a higher net result of ISRG when compared to 2020, and the capital gain
 from the evolution of the IAM state in our distance.
 This performance led to a total of a T.A.
 in the semester of 292 million euros at 15.5% increase here on year.
 overall direct results increased almost 50 million euros in Q2, 55 million euros and
 more than 17 million euros in the first semester due to the high level of COVID-19 extra costs and
 and provisions registered back in Q1 of 2020.
 The right result was 10 million euros in Q2 this year,
 positively impacted by the IM sports.
 all evaluations and the dividends increase, the dividends we received from direct-stake
 More.
 of just under 11 million euros, which more than all stats on ice carers investment properties
 evaluation decrease.
 All in all, tonight's net result reached 62 million years, both in Q2 and also in the
 In terms of operational cash flows, on IceFord's fold, you released a total of 123 million
 years during the last couple of months, these last couple of months saw quite some activity
 in terms of portfolio management as we discussed in previous calls, ASTONI reinforce its shareholder
 positions in North, South, and Sierra for a total consideration of 323 million years
 also including some IEMs investments in the period.
 This was partially offset by 109 million
 of cash proceeds from asset sales, mainly related with some IM and some IMC sales, these
 back transactions. But all in all, tonight's free cash flow for the last 12 months before
 dividend state stood at a negative 100 million euros, 101 million euros at the end of the
 to this year.
 Therefore, an after-dividend phase consulted in net debts reached just under 1.5 billion
 in euros, still a conservative level of leverage as Sonai continues to hold a solid capital
 structure with a comfortable financing position, which
 which includes a low cost effect of 1.1%,
 an average maturity profile of 3.6 years, and then
 an LTV of 15%.
 And additionally, if we look at the leverage profiles of our main businesses, they also
 also remain quite solid and prudent across the portfolio.
 and I MCE reached, as I mentioned before,
 3.3 times total net debt to an online VTA ratio, not maintain its net financial debt to a VTA
 at 1.8 times 8, and sunlight scare currently holds a loan to value of 24% and has a very strong
 liquidity position. So overall, we are quite pleased with the results achieved by our portfolio
 businesses this year. These last 18 months have been challenging, but we feel that we
 We are now coming out of this pandemic strong and prepared for the future.
 it from me for now. Thank you everyone for listening and you can now open the session
 to Q&A, please.
 Thank you.
 The Q&A session has now started.
 As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please press
 star-
 on your telephone keypad.
 Our first question is from Jose Rito from Taxia Bank.
 Your line is open, please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you very much.
 to all and congrats foreign support in the release of the results.
 So I have some questions on IMT.
 So first on, on the fact that, well, you are facing quite difficult comps, and so that's
 It was a strong period, but still your shift is quite disimplified for lack in Q2.
 My question is, if this level of life for life that you are achieving, so slightly positive
 could be a good reference for the upcoming quarters, so that's the first question on
 on IMC and then the second related to the new business within IMC, so this business are
 recovering fast, because last year some of us were so close, so my question is if these
 These business on a steady state are margin-equitive tools on IMC.
 And the third question on the IMC, if you think flight-ish margins feasible for the
 coming quarters, even if competition seems to be picking up.
 That will be my questions on FUNIMC, and then I can continue with another on FUNIMC.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for your questions.
 I will hand it over to Louis to cover those topics.
 Hi, Mike.
 Well, I need to
 Well, I will ask, I will answer to your very first question.
 I failed to understand the second one, and the third one, I almost stopped by the third.
 We are the third.
 We are totally committed to...
 to maintain our margins.
 We absolutely can't do it.
 has been fed some years ago during the Accu-O-Post
 within our margin, and we see that the other margins will be stable in the years to come,
 Well, at least, at least, that's, that's, uh,
 uh, Jim Guillen, though.
 up this year.
 doing forward in the very first question.
 Well, as you said, the counts from the second person
 were very difficult, but we see what typically also seemed very positive and
 evolution in our in our side. In fact, in July we saw positive light provides and we
 to the screen that we don't see any reason to not consider other
 If you'd like to listen, feel free to note that.
 Regarding the second question, I apologize because I didn't understand the question.
 Yes, yes.
 So this new business, I think this is around 10% of SON-IMC cells.
 If the margin is higher than the consolidated margin option IMC, or lower than...
 Okay.
 The new business and the world business, as we call them.
 Okay.
 Well, they are evolving quite well. In fact, they suffered a lot due to the lockdown measures
 in the last month, but they are working quite well.
 Well, I mean, in fact, in our federal businesses,
 They provide us with very good margins.
 But still, as you said, they come from less than 10%
 of all our spales, total spales.
 And the bulk is basically, we have those businesses from the food formats and also from well-deserved
 Thank you.
 are going quite well and we see with good prospects going forward.
 Uh, do you have a comment?
 Well, the providers were very good and good performers as well.
 But we can see that in that information, for instance, like zoo or, you know, which have
 businesses that we are developing in the wrapping up phase that for us are very critical in the
 in the sense that they are reinforcing the cooling power of our performance, so we see
 those businesses have been very important to you in large pooling power of the performance
 And they are doing quite well.
 and we continue to see the margins.
 it will be quite well in the future.
 Okay, if I end, yes.
 Just before you go into your follow-up questions, may I just ask everyone to put the mics on mute
 mute and because we're hearing a lot of noise and if you could speak close to the microphone
 I think that would also help.
 Sorry, sorry, go ahead.
 Okay, no, just to understand if, on a steady state,
 these business are already being accrued to the marching, not specifically this quarter
 or last year it was impacted by the pandemic.
 But let's say in 2019, if these new business were creative or not to the consolidated margin
 in Austin, IMC.
 Yes, the businesses are, all businesses are accredited.
 You found the fish.
 We have this, for instance, baguette, our coffee shop in the business.
 the business we suffered a lot due to the lockdown measures and we didn't sell as much as we, for
 for instance we solved in the previous year.
 But the majority of the winners are crazy to our portfolio.
 But at least they were in 2019 and 2020.
 They are...
 Okay.
 And they're making the...
 If business here will be more attractive in the future.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 Then I have a question on importance for this marketplace strategy, how much is the marketplace
 in total of GMV, if you can share what are the opportunities that you charge and what
 is the midterm target for these marketplaces, percentage of total GMD or sales, I'm not
 sure if you have any specific target and what will be the strategy so I noticed that you
 I've been adding new products, new categories to the marketplace.
 So what should be the driver in terms of products and if it's fashion also a possibility so
 So if you can elaborate a little bit more on the strategy,
 It will be great.
 Okay.
 Bye.
 Sure.
 Sure. Good morning to you all. Good morning, Jose. Thank you for the question regarding
 of the marketplace strategy.
 So we are in early stages of development of the marketplace.
 So the percentage of GMV represented by other categories
 is still small, but of course we are looking to increase it going forward.
 Our strategy is to continue to develop new categories and we should be launching new
 you could tag along the next month, what we are trying to do is to build strong verticals
 So we will be looking into pets, for example, and develop a strong welfare there and then
 market it and then continue to develop verticals as we go along and with that widening our offer
 So that we are a more comprehensive marketplace than we have today and guarantee competitive
 prices by acquiring sellers as much as they can in the following months.
 So overall, that's the kind of strategy that we are following.
 Okay, any three-year targets for these?
 I think it's too early to talk about those kinds of metrics, to be honest.
 It's early stages of development.
 We are very constant that it's the right way for Borton, very constant on promoting growth.
 We are currently believing e-commerce websites in Portugal, so we want to leverage that traffic
 page and we are confident that we will be able to give additional elasticity to the
 brands so that we can grow. So we're very confident on future growth using this strategy,
 but it's quite early to say I'll see you in development.
 But can you say if the marketing BTM margin is much higher
 then also, right?
 Well, it's a very different business from 1P electronics, because we charge a commission
 But then all the product costs and the logistics and everything else is buried by the seller.
 We don't have those kinds of costs, but the only thing we have is a central team that
 manages the business. So we do think it's a positive contribution to profitability going
 forward
 Okay.
 because it will also allow us to leverage some economic scale, hopefully.
 Maybe if I can just add to what Paul was saying.
 Vorkan's digital evolution has been quite outstanding over the last few months, and
 as Paolo said, important today, the largest e-commerce player in Portugal.
 It's really a company that thinks digital first with a fantastic omnichannel value proposition.
 web also leveraging the stores.
 and to serve our customers.
 And so the marketplace strategy is a key element
 of the strategy for boards in the coming years,
 And we have a lot of ambition there.
 And so it's the if you are going to hear more about the marketplace strategy in the coming months and years
 Okay, okay, understood. Thank you.
 And finally, on FIERRA Q1, just to ask if the company could do further asset rotation
 or if the level of ownership is OK.
 And in this regard, do you want the Brazilian state?
 Please, are you there?
 I am here, yes.
 Good morning.
 Thank you for my question. So in relation to our asset rotation strategy, we, the largest
 chunk and the most important element before as the protection strategy have been concluded.
 Nevertheless, there are a few selected assets where we have a more significant stake than
 in what we usually have on average on our efforts,
 which we will try to seek to reduce over the coming year.
 we don't think the moment is appropriate right now
 to complete those processes and that strategy.
 But once the market stabilizes, once we have normalized earnings, we will seek to reduce
 opposition in those efforts. In relation to Brazil, Brazil is a strategic
 asset for us.
 Jolly Ansonai is having a very good performance with a very dynamic and driven management
 team, there are meaningful synergies that we can extract through the interactions between
 both teams, so we do not envisage sale of our steak in Brazil at this point.
 Okay, okay.
 Understood.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 That's a question.
 It's from Yoai Pinto from J.B.
 Capital.
 Yes.
 Hi.
 Good morning everyone.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 I have three, two on sonam-c, a follow-up on Joseph's question.
 positive like for like that you're seeing in July on the overall portfolio you
 You are also seeing a positive light for lighting hyper and supermarkets.
 The second question is, can you elaborate
 on how the competitive environment has been involved
 in the recent months.
 And finally, a question on capital allocation.
 You have been very active in terms of capital allocation
 and solve mathematical problems in Spain,
 increase the staking noise in Sierra.
 could be the next big move for tonight. Also, knowing that you want to grow your
 international presence.
 If you could tell us in general terms what you're looking for, including if it is in
 the same sectors you're investing in or in new ones would be great.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Joanne.
 I'm gonna start with the empty questions
 and I'll take the last one at the end.
 Well, it was very intellectual life, yes, we saw it every year, but we are seeing it in the last weeks.
 How did you like the last two teams?
 hardwares both in supers and get almost the same.
 Regarding the environment, well, it's pretty much the fact that we were witnessing in the last month.
 But there are some players growing in terms of scrimmages, like in the technology model,
 between you and the situation with us.
 What happened as they announced the federal police activity will intend to continue to
 to invest in the proximity format in Portugal as a proximity format in the other communities
 is the segment is totally underprivileged when compared to other European countries.
 And it also is the, the seven of these show very good prospecting forward in terms of
 Thank you.
 Well, if basically the defender, we don't see much difference between what is happening
 today and it will happen in the next coming month, but what happened, for instance, last
 last year or the last month from this year?
 The second question I think is well will be more simple to answer to you.
 Yes, very good. So on the on the capital allocation question, I would say that we are
 quite happy with what we have achieved in the last couple of years in terms of
 of course, called the rearrangement.
 I think the operations that we've done
 have better prepared us for the future and also better prepared our businesses and many
 any of our of the transactions that we did were critical also to achieve the level of
 result that we are achieving right now because it focuses on the management teams on the
 and on the right markets, on the right businesses.
 And so we are quite happy with what we've achieved in terms of what will be the next big move.
 We will be, I mean, we will remain active looking for opportunities that match our investment
 criteria, so high growth opportunities that somehow leverage our existing
 assistance capabilities, also match our return targets and help us achieve the best possible
 go balance geographically and factor-wise.
 and we will also remain active and attentive
 in looking for opportunities to maximize value
 existing assets. As you know, we have a flexible investment strategy and we have companies
 in which we have partnerships, we have companies in which we are 100% shareholders and so we
 will remain on the lookout for opportunities that help us
 to maximize the value of our existence.
 Thank you very much
 Thank you as well.
 Our next question comes from Antonio Saladas from AS Independent Research.
 He's going ahead.
 Thank you for taking my questions and thank you for the presentation.
 I have two questions, one related with Sierra.
 It would provide more color on the traffic on Sierra if it is evolving as we were expecting
 or not, so if you can share with us how it is the traffic on the shopping center, because
 I've been talking about online and marketplace and so on, so should we be worried about the
 traffic on shopping centers in the coming future.
 And the second question is related with the legal problems on Zoptic steps.
 Any view on any...
 use on these subjects.
 Thank you very much.
 Okay, please, do you want to start with this caro one?
 We'll do, of course.
 Antonio, thank you for your question.
 in relation to shopping centers and the recovery of the current dynamics.
 best way to think about us and particularly looking at everything that is in the press
 etc. But the best way to think about us is like a factory that currently is not allowed
 to operate two or three production lines. And we are not allowed to operate them because
 Because the health authorities or the governments don't allow us to operate them.
 The machine's in very good form.
 The raw material is all there.
 It's just not allowed to turn them on.
 And that's why when you look at our current performance,
 It's very difficult to make a judgment on how we can actually operate at full capacity.
 Having said that, maybe the best month to look for fundamentals is the month of May.
 The month of May was the first month post lockdown, was maybe a month only partially impacted
 by the delta variant. Nevertheless, it has material restrictions. But when we look at
 our portfolio. In the month of May, sales were down by 12% compared to 2019. 12%, so
 2% at the European level, and this was relatively consistent across all geographies.
 We are also seeing in some centers how performance compared to 2019 and some other centers that's
 the law.
 sales were only down by 12%.
 12% might still look like a big number and would all like it to be much lower, but when
 If you take into account that one, we have zero tourism right now and tourism is a relevant
 part of our shopping centers.
 We still have significant people working from home, meaning less people at the offices.
 Street, we have the hardship limitations in terms of number of people per square meter
 in our shopping centre for the harshest limitations in Europe, which means that the shopping experience
 is not very positive, which means, again, we're not allowed to utilize full capacity
 for our the timing restrictions are very meaningful shopping centers have to close
 much earlier than they want, again, a limitation of our full capacity.
 So, if you take all of these limitations into account and you look at minus 12% of sales
 compared to 2019. I think that is a very, very good number. Furthermore, when we look
 at June. In June, things across Europe maintained the trajectory that we saw in May. A Portugal
 was maybe the only country where things backtracked a bit.
 again, due to the severe restrictions that we witnessed in Portugal.
 But overall, I would say that the recovery is very satisfactory.
 We are very encouraged by what we see, but bear in mind that we still have a few machines
 that we are not allowed to switch on.
 and we are very keen to switch them on.
 Our finger is on the button.
 and once we compress it, the things are everything indicates that we will return to normality
 very quickly.
 We are also monitoring official forecasts from reputable market sources and the return
 to normality is not something that we say.
 the return to normality is something that markets for independent resources also confirm
 will happen in the short term.
 So lots to do, lots going on, very keen on operating at full speed.
 We are just not allowed to do that, but we feel that the demand is there and we have
 fundamental figures to prove that.
 Okay.
 This is very complex to clarify.
 12% was on your portfolio, not just in Portugal. It was on your portfolio in Europe, yes?
 My answer is exactly right.
 Thank you.
 That is right, minus 12% across Europe.
 Okay. Thank you.
 Thank you, Kate, Antonio, on your second question.
 Unfortunately, the answer there is no.
 We don't have any relevant views on the legal proceedings
 in terms of change of decisions from the courts.
 I think the good news is that the company is functioning well, operating normally.
 And we are obviously monitoring the situation and actively engaging with relevant parties,
 we do not have anything to announce as of this year, right, yes.
 Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much.
 Thank you, I'm done.
 Very nice.
 If I have a question for the participant lines,
 I have the floor back over to the CIO Delores.
 Okay, so if there are no more questions,
 I would like to thank everyone for listening.
 I would also like to thank Jose's initial remarks on commanding us for presenting results before
 the holidays. It was a huge effort on the part of the teams, but we are very happy that
 we were able to achieve this and present you
 with our Q2 results at this moment in time.
 So, yeah, thank you, everyone.
 I would like to wish good holidays for those of you going on holidays, and I hope you all
 remain safe and healthy.
 Thank you very much, and let's talk again when we present our Q3 results later in the year.
 Thank you. Bye-bye.