 Hello, good morning, everyone. Welcome to our first semester results conference call.
 as usual
 besides myself
 and the investor relations team
 we have on the call today
 Rui Almeida from Sun IMC
 Paul Simões from
 Borten, Hugo Martins
 from Sonai Fashion
 Luís Maltador
 from Sonai Sierra, and Kestiren Weiss from Sonai Investment Management.
 I will start by presenting an overview of our results in the first half of the year.
 And at the end, as usual, we will have time for Q&A.
 All right.
 So, as you all know, 2021 continues to be marked by severe restrictions to all our businesses
 across several geographies.
 in spite
 of the progress
 in the vaccination plan
 around the world
 In Portugal, in particular, we had another lockdown from mid-January until mid-April.
 And since then, we have witnessed a gradual easing of the restrictions, but still with
 significant limitations, both in terms of store capacity and also opening hours.
 In total, we had 11 weeks of lockdown this year versus seven weeks of lockdown last year.
 This being said, our businesses displayed a very positive reaction
 and we are very proud of our operational results this year.
 Thank you.
 Just before diving into the results, a quick note on portfolio management.
 As you know, these last six months have been important in a number of fronts in terms of
 capital allocation.
 I would like to highlight the restructuring of our operations in Boston, Spain, the increase
 of our state in San Iscara.
 the launch of a partnership between
 some IFS and Bankus CPP and obviously the ability also shown by some IIM to continue
 to invest in high-growth tech companies
 and crystallized value in the right moment.
 And also the agreement reached by Sun IMC to sell its 50% stake in Max Max for 65 million
 euros with an estimated capital gain of 40 million euros.
 the completion of the field is expected in Q3.
 so let's go into the results
 I will do this business by business as usual, and then I will talk about the consolidated
 results for the connective.
 Starting with SOMC.
 Sun IMC had a tough comparable, as last year our food formats benefited from the first full lockdown in Portugal.
 that implies the shutdown of restaurants.
 And continents is significantly
 we also formed the market last year.
 Nevertheless, total turnover increased 4% year-on-year in Q2,
 with a resilient performance of food formats
 And with other brands such as Ermal and Wells benefiting from a recovery from last year's
 difficult period in terms of restrictions.
 In the first half of the year,
 turnover amounted to 2.5 billion euros, a 5.4 year-on-year growth, and a like-for-like
 increase of 2.3%, a quite solid performance across different banners.
 and once again Sun IMC was able to strengthen
 its leadership position with a market share increase in the period.
 A quick note to some IMC's online channel that registered very high growth rates in
 the first half of the year, around 45%, having also grown in Q2, despite the abnormal peak
 of demand levels in the same period
 of 2020.
 Regarding profitability, underlying EBITDA in the first half of 2021 improved by 7.3%
 year-on-year
 to 235 million euros
 representing a margin of 9.4 percent 17 basis points above last year this is a
 a result of a strong turnover growth and also a sustained operational profitability profile
 diluting the extra COVID-19
 and directly related costs.
 In terms of store expansion,
 IOC continued to open stores in its proximity format with new Bombia stores, a total of
 six new Bombayers stores up to the end of June
 and launched the first cashierless store offered by a European retailer,
 which is called Continental Labs
 free cash flow
 before dividends stood at 156 million euros
 over the last 12 months, leading net debt to €664 million at the end of June, only
 60 million years above last year's figure,
 They're mainly impacted by the dividend payment of 140 million euros in Q2 and implying a
 total netbed
 2 on the line of DTA of 3.3 times.
 Moving on to Vorten.
 At work, the dynamics were quite similar to some IMC, with the Portuguese operation decelerating
 growth after the strong performance achieved during last year's lockdown.
 In Spain, obviously, total turnover decreased as a result of the downsizing of our operations
 in mainland Spain.
 Thank you.
 but the evolution on a pro-forma basis was quite positive.
 Overall, Vorton delivered a very strong sales performance in Q2,
 reaching 246 million euros,
 more than 4% growth
 versus 2019 and almost in line with 2020, obviously with the latter benefiting from extraordinary
 cells resulting from the first
 and most stringent
 confinement period of last year.
 the like-or-like faces
 working for the
 sound growth of 1.5% in Q2, with positive performances from both the online and offline
 operations including also the marketplace and services operations in
 In year-to-date terms, total turnover increased 7.5% year-on-year with a like-for-like of
 14.4%
 reaching 518 million euros.
 We've further reinforced...
 reinforced our market share and consolidated our leadership position in Portugal.
 This positive top-line performance and also the restructuring process in Spain contributed
 to an improved underlying
 a BTA that reached 31 million years at the end of H1, with a margin of 6%, growing 1.9
 percentage points versus 2020.
 Thank you.
 That's what I fashioned.
 Q2 was a quarter of clear recovery following the losses experienced during last year's lockdown.
 Total turnover increased 41% and was practically in line with 2019, a year without any restrictions,
 restrictions, obviously, in terms of pandemic.
 SunEye Fashion proved once again to be a solid performer in a challenging context, getting
 market share in its key markets.
 In year-to-date terms,
 Sonai Fashion's performance is also encouraging
 as top line stood at 135 million euros, 3.7% above last year, with a like-to-like of 5.1%.
 And this is particularly taking into account that in the first half of the year, as I mentioned
 before, stores were closed for 11 weeks, which compares to the seven weeks of full lockdown
 in 2020.
 An important highlight for online sales, which continues to deliver high growth rates, having
 reached 17% of total turnover this semester.
 Overall, for my passion, I was able to post an improved Nolangibit TA both in Q2 and in
 the first semester, and after a negative Q1,
 mostly due to the new lockdown in Portugal
 and the line EBTA reached 5.4 million years in Q2
 and 1.5 million euros in the first half of the year.
 year. Moving on to ISRG. ISRG is having a terrific recovery, already surpassing 2019 performance
 levels.
 a clear sign that even under this backdrop, the company's banners have truly unique
 skills.
 propositions. As you know, we have a
 found they're mismatched
 vis-à-vis JD, so we consolidate the company's Q1 account, which saw a significant recovery
 both regarding last year
 and the year before, with all the banners presenting an encouraging positive evolution.
 Once again, the online channel played a critical role
 with a three-fold increase and more than offsetting a weaker evolution of the offline channel,
 given the restrictions that we experienced.
 Overall, the last six months showed a very good performance
 both above last year and also 2019 figures.
 This top-line improvement in the quarter was able to fuel a significant improvement at
 activity a level and this performance implied a much better equity method contribution
 towards
 results.
 Apart from the operational performance, I would like to highlight the agreement between
 ISRG and Deathware Villages founders to acquire an 80% stake in this e-commerce player for
 140 million euros.
 Depar Village is a well-known online retailer focused on the sale of specialist sports equipment,
 mainly for cycling, running, and outdoor
 with sales of 118 million euros
 and a profit foretax of 7.4 million years in 2020.
 Post-completion, the two founders will keep a 20% stake in their management role as CEO
 and also Chief Purchasing Officer,
 and this acquisition will enhance
 ISRG's specialization
 in key sports categories
 while significantly increasing its digital capabilities in the sports equipment market
 and also complementing the ongoing positive developments in its existing banners,
 namely the printer and sports home.
 Also in Q2, ISRG expanded into a new geography by acquiring SUR that operates in the Netherlands
 with the PERI and AXI banners.
 This is also an important milestone for the company,
 an important international expansion move
 and a clear step towards achieving the vision
 of being a European leader in sports retail.
 So that's for somebody, Sierra.
 As you all know, 2021 continues to be a challenging year for the shopping center industry
 as lockdown restrictions across different countries continue to impact performance.
 Nevertheless, I would like to highlight that there have been positive signs of a return
 to normality.
 every time restrictions are eased
 as there continues to be strong consumer demand
 for quality shopping center detonations.
 Forth on ICRQ2 was also a quarter of recovery, with encouraging sales performances in Portugal
 since the reopening of shopping centers in the middle of April
 and a sustained positive evolution in the remaining European countries.
 From an operational standpoint and considering year-to-date figures,
 Sonite Sierra's European Portfolio recorded
 an 11.6% year-on-year increase in tenant sales, a decrease of 12.3% year-on-year in rents,
 penalized by discounts in Portugal and occupancy rates continued at very high
 and stable rate of 97% at the end of each one.
 looking at proportional management accounts.
 Tonight, Sierra reported a net loss of 4.6 million euros year-to-date, split between
 a positive 11 million years of direct results and a negative 15 million years of indirect
 results may be due to property revaluations in the quarter.
 In any case, NEV actually increased for the first time in several quarters up to 911 million
 years at the end of June with the next
 loss that I mentioned previously being more than
 offset by a positive effects impact in Brazil.
 For Sonia Financial Services, the second quarter was marked by the launch of the partnership
 with Bank of Cittité, as I mentioned before.
 the implementation of the new business model for the Universal Card.
 Due to this business model change,
 and as the credit back book only started being generated in December 2020,
 the company's turnover
 naturally show the discontinuity
 that will be mitigated in the coming months
 with the growth of the credit stock.
 nevertheless in operational terms
 and with regards to Universal's market share,
 It stood at 15% at the end of May, the latest data that we have, which compares to 14.8% last year.
 The company also continued its strong efforts to expand its digital footprint, surpassing
 its digital footprint.
 25,000 customers
 and digital customers
 at the end of June, a 39,000 customer increase
 when compared to the end of March.
 Regarding MDS, the insurance brokerage company,
 And it continues to show a strong commercial performance across all channels and geographies.
 And this results in very strong growth, which is high single digit in Portugal and double
 budget in Brazil and a significant improvement in operating profitability.
 Similarly to the first quarter in proportional terms, considering the 50% consolidation of
 and yet some ISS continue to register a year-on-year decrease
 as a result of both the pandemic context
 and the business model change
 that I mentioned before with Banco CTT.
 Overall, H1 turnovers stood at 30.1 million years, and then the line of ETA falls the
 in trend reaching a negative
 of 3 million euros in the first half of the year.
 At 10 a.m., the quarter was marked by the sale of parts of our stake in articles for
 36 million euros with a gross capital gain of 12 million euros and the announcement of the sale
 together with the other shareholders of
 BizDirect for just over
 12 million years which should be concluded
 in Q3.
 BizDirect was already considered as an app of help for sale and therefore it is not considered
 both in 2021 and in past comparables.
 In operational terms,
 on IM's turnover increased by 11%
 year-on-year to 29 million euros
 at benefiting from the performance of the fiber security portfolio
 and underlying MTA also improves compared to last year.
 In terms of portfolio activity, the company's NAD reached 305 million euros and apart from
 the already mentioned activity,
 some IAM entered into the
 shared capital of Portainer.io, one of the most popular container management platforms
 globally.
 in addition to this
 and also not less relevant.
 H1 was marked by relevant achievements in some of the minority stakes that we hold indirectly,
 namely Feeds Eye, Artequope, and OutSystems, the three companies that reached already unicorn valuations.
 Regarding articles, the company recently announced a new financing round of $150 million
 by some of the existing and new investors
 at an underlying valuation of $4.3 billion.
 Despite being a relatively small transaction, it's also a good sign of the company's strong
 evolution and potential.
 finally
 Noth has already published its results last week.
 I would say
 a solid set result.
 the company continued to post solid operational performance
 in the telco segment
 and the media
 and entertainment segment
 was marked by the reopening of cinema theaters
 on the 19th of April.
 turnover amounted to 341 million years in Q2, a growth of 6.2% year-on-year, the first
 quarter with growth since the end of
 2019, supported by
 5% positive evolution in telco
 and a nearly 50% growth
 in the media and entertainment segment
 driven by the reopening of cinema
 the fears, as I mentioned before.
 In H1, turnover stood at a total of 678 million euros,
 a 1.8% year-on-year increase.
 regarding profitability
 Thank you.
 the PA decreased 2.2% year-on-year due to an increase in direct costs as last year these
 were unusually low due to some extraordinary accounting of content costs.
 And in year-to-date terms, EBPA stood at 307 million euros, a 1.3% decrease year-on-year.
 overall net income decreased
 by 2 million euros
 to 43 million euros into two
 and more than doubled compared to last year
 to 74 million euros in the first half of the year.
 I will now cover briefly
 consolidated uh... performance
 and so we can call it uh...
 Turnover increased by 5.1% year-on-year to 1.6 billion euros in Q2, mainly anchored on
 the positive contributions from fine he has my passion leading to a five point
 5% growth in H1
 to 3.2 billion years.
 following the
 top-line
 trend
 in Q2 and the line of ETA increased
 9.9%
 year-on-year
 year to 136 million
 years, mainly driven by the recovery
 of my fashion and also the impact of the Spanish restructuring process at Wharton and at the
 end of the semester, we reached 246 million euros, 11.4% above last year.
 EBITDA reached 165 million euros in the Q2, a significant improvement versus last year,
 mainly backed by the operational recovery of the businesses harmed by the COVID-19 restrictions
 last year, also a higher net
 result of ISRG when compared to 2020 and the capital gain from the valuation of the IAM
 state and article.
 Thank you.
 This performance led to a total EBITDA in the semester of 292 million euros, a 15.5% increase
 year-on-year.
 Overall, direct results increased almost 50 million euros in Q2 to 55 million euros and
 more than 70 million euros in the first semester due to the high level of COVID-19 extra costs
 and provisions registered back in Q1 of 2020.
 The direct result was 10 million euros in Q2 this year, positively impacted by the IAM
 for toll evaluations
 and the dividends increased.
 from
 direct
 state
 north
 of just under 11 million euros,
 which more than offset
 on Iscara's investment property valuation decrease.
 All in all, Sonai's net result reached 62 million euros, both in Q2 and also in the
 Thank you.
 In terms of operational cash flows, on iSports Gold, you released a total of 123 million
 during the last 12 months.
 These last 12 months saw quite some activity in terms of portfolio management, as we discussed
 in previous calls
 Aston I, we enforce its shareholder positions in North, South, and Sierra for a total consideration
 of 323 million years
 also including some IAMs investments
 in the period.
 this was partially offset by
 109 million of cash proceeds
 from asset sales
 mainly related with SANA IM and SANA IMC selling these back transactions.
 But all in all, tonight, free cash flow for the last 12 months
 before dividends paid stood at a negative 100 million euros,
 is 101 million euros at the end of June this year.
 Therefore, an after-dividend stage consolidated net debt reached just under 1.5 billion euros.
 still a conservative level of leverage as SunEye continues to hold a solid capital structure
 with a comfortable financing solution,
 which includes a low cost of debt of 1.1%
 an average maturity profile of 3.6 years and an LTV of 15%.
 Additionally, if we look at the leverage profiles of our main businesses, they also remain quite
 solid and prudent across the portfolio.
 Thank you.
 reached, as I mentioned before,
 3.3 times total net debt to underlying
 EBITDA ratio, nor maintains
 its net financial debt to a BPA
 at 1.8 times
 and Sonite Sierra currently holds a loan to value of 24%
 and has a very strong liquidity position.
 So overall, we are quite pleased with the results achieved
 by our portfolio of businesses this year.
 these last 18 months
 have been
 challenging, but we feel that we are now coming out of this pandemic strong and prepared for
 the future.
 That's it for me for now.
 Thank you, everyone, for listening, and you can now open the session to Q&A, please.
 Thank you.
 The Q&A session has now started.
 as a reminder ladies and gentlemen
 If you would like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 Our first question is from Jose Rito from Caxia Bank.
 Your line is open, please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you.
 money to all
 um
 And congrats for anticipating the release of the results.
 so I have some questions
 on IMC.
 So, first on the fact that, well, you are facing quite difficult comps.
 So last year it was a strong period
 that still you achieved
 quite decent
 life for life in Q2.
 my question is if this level of
 for life that you are achieving
 so slightly positive could be a good
 reference for the
 upcoming
 quarters
 So that's the first question on Sun IMC.
 And then the second related to the new business, we think it's on INC.
 so these businesses are recovering fast
 because last year they
 some of us are so close
 so my question is
 this business on a steady state
 are margin accretive tools
 on IMC
 and
 And the third question on Sun IMC is,
 you think
 flattish
 margin feasible over the
 coming quarters, even if
 competition seems to be picking up.
 that will be my questions on Sun IMC
 and then I can continue with another on Vartan.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you for your questions.
 I will hand it over to Uri to cover those topics.
 Hi, Greg.
 Well, I need to...
 Well, I will answer to the very first question.
 I failed to understand the second one and the third one.
 I will start by this.
 the third.
 because we are totally committed to maintain our margins.
 we
 have to
 as we said some years ago
 during the active
 management
 see that our margins will be stable
 in the years to come
 or at least until the end of this year.
 We're going forward in the very first question.
 well
 the
 as you said
 the comes from all the second second question were very difficult but we see
 We see a very positive evolution in our side.
 In fact, in the last, well, in July, we saw positive electrolytes and we have to be seeing
 that we don't see any reason
 to not consider
 that others would like to like and feel
 you know
 Regarding the second question, I apologize because I didn't understand it.
 Yes, yes.
 So this new business, I think this is around 10% of Sona IMC sales.
 If the margin is higher than the consolidated margin of an IMC,
 are lower.
 Okay.
 The new business and growth businesses, we call them, well, they are evolving quite well.
 In fact, they settled a lot due to the lockdown measures in the last month, but they are evolving
 quite well. And in fact, there are several businesses that provide us with very good
 margins. But still, as you said,
 account for less
 10% of our sales, total sales, and the bulk
 of the
 sales.
 is basically
 we have
 those businesses
 the problem
 the
 the food formats
 and also from wealth and wealth, which are providing, are going quite well.
 and we see with good prospects going forward.
 The other question.
 performance.
 Stop.
 the providers were very good
 performance as well
 but the
 We can see that in that, in that dimension, for instance, like, well, like a zoo or, um,
 which are businesses that we are developing in the webbing
 I'm wrapping up, Faiz.
 uh...
 for it are very good
 in the sense that they are reinforcing the cooling power of our products.
 So we see those businesses as being very important to enlarge the pulling power of the performance.
 and they are doing quite well
 and we continue to see the margin developing quite well in the future.
 Okay.
 If I end...
 Yes.
 just before you go into your
 follow-up questions
 May I just ask everyone to put here the mics on mute
 because we're hearing a lot of noise.
 and if you could speak
 close to the microphone
 I think that would
 also helps.
 Sorry.
 okay no just one just to understand if uh on a steady state this business are already being
 accretive to the margin, not specifically this quarter or last year that it was impacted
 by the pandemic.
 but let's say in 2019
 if these news
 new business were accretive
 or not to the consolidated margin of Sun IMC?
 yes
 the businesses are
 All business are accrued.
 Thank you.
 We have this
 For instance, Baje, our coffee shop business, we suffered a lot due to the lockdown measures
 and we didn't sell as much as we, for instance, we sold in the previous years.
 But the majority of the business are accreted to our portfolio, at least they were in 2019
 2020.
 Okay.
 this business here will be more attractive in the future.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, understood.
 Okay, thank you.
 then I have a question on Vortens
 for this marketplace strategy
 how much is the marketplace
 in total of
 GMV
 if you can
 share what are they for
 fees.
 that you charge
 what is the mid-term target
 for these marketplaces
 of total GMV or sales.
 I'm not sure if you have any specific target.
 and what will be the strategy.
 So I noticed that you have been adding new products, new categories to the marketplace.
 so what should be the
 driver in terms of products
 and if it's passion also
 possibility so if you can
 elaborate a little bit more on the strategy
 will be great
 Okay.
 Paul, can I take these ones?
 Sure. Good morning to you all.
 Good morning, Jose.
 Thank you for the question regarding the marketplace strategy.
 So,
 we have
 we are in early stages of development
 of the marketplace
 so the percentage of
 GMV represented by other categories is still small,
 small
 but of course
 we are looking to
 to increase
 it going forward.
 Our strategy is to continue to develop new categories, and we should be launching new categories along the next month.
 And what we are trying to do is to build strong verticals
 per category.
 So we will be looking into pets, for example,
 and develop a strong offer there and then market it
 and then continue to develop verticals as we go along.
 And with that
 widening our
 our offer
 so that we are
 a more
 comprehensive marketplace than we have today and guarantee competitive prices by acquiring
 sellers as much as we can
 in the following months.
 So overall that's that's the kind of strategy that we are that we are following
 okay any three-year target for for this I think it's too early to talk about those kinds of metrics
 but to be honest
 it's
 other studies of development.
 we are very confident that it's the right way for Borten
 very confident on promoting growth
 we are currently
 the leading e-commerce
 website in
 Portugal, so we want to leverage that traffic
 page and we are
 consider to be able to give additional elasticity to the brand so that you can
 we can grow.
 So we're very confident on future growth using this strategy, but it's quite early to say
 I'll see you in development.
 but can you say
 if the
 margin is much higher than also, right?
 Right.
 Well, it's a very different business from 1P Electronics
 because we charged a commission
 and but then all the product cost and the logistics and everything else is
 is buried by the by the seller we don't have those kinds of costs um the only thing we have
 a central team
 that manages the business.
 so we do think
 it's a
 positive contribution to profitability going forward.
 Maybe because it will also allow us to leverage some economies of scale, hopefully.
 maybe if I can just
 add to what Paul will say
 uh...
 Vorton's digital evolution has been quite outstanding
 over the last few months.
 as Paulo said
 We've worked on today as the largest e-commerce player in Portugal.
 it's really a company that thinks digital first
 with a fantastic
 They call me Channel Value Proposition.
 also leveraging the stores
 to serve our customers.
 and so the marketplace strategy
 is a key element of the strategy for Horton in the coming years,
 and we have a lot of ambition there
 and so it's
 you are going to hear more
 about the marketplace strategy
 in the coming months and years.
 Okay, okay, understood. Thank you.
 And finally, on Sierra, just to ask if the company could do further asset rotation
 or if the level of ownership is okay.
 and in this regard
 the view on the Brazilian state.
 Luis, are you there?
 I am here yet
 but,
 bon,
 oui.
 Thank you for the question.
 So in relation to our asset rotation strategy, the largest chunk and the most important element of our asset rotation strategy have been concluded.
 Nevertheless, there are a few selected efforts where we have a more significant stake
 than what we usually have on average on our athletes,
 which we will try to seek to reduce over the coming years.
 We don't think the moment is appropriate right now to complete those processes and that strategy.
 but once the market stabilizes
 Once we have normalized earnings, we will seek to reduce our positions in those assets.
 In relation to Brazil, Brazil is a strategic asset for us.
 Allianz Sonai is having a very good performance with a very dynamic and driven management team.
 there are meaningful synergies
 that we can extract
 through the interactions between both teams.
 So we do not envisage sale of our stake in Brazil at this point.
 Okay, okay. Understood. Thank you. That's all for me. Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question.
 Thank you.
 from Yoay Pinto from JB Capital.
 So please go ahead.
 Yes. Hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. I have three, two on SonaMC.
 a follow up on Jose's question
 This positive like-for-like that you're seeing in July
 on the overall portfolio.
 you are also seeing a positive
 light for light in hyper and supermarkets
 The second question is, can you elaborate on how the competitive environment has evolved in the recent months?
 And finally, a question on capital allocation.
 you have been very active
 in terms of capital allocation
 and solve max magical
 important in Spain, increased the stake in Noz and Sierra.
 what could be the next
 big move for
 tonight, also knowing that he went to
 grow your international presence
 If you could tell us, in general terms, what you're looking for,
 including if it is in the same sector
 you're invested in or in new ones
 would be great.
 Thank you.
 Do you want to start with the empty questions and I'll take this last one at the end.
 Hi, João.
 Well, is that in electrolytes?
 Yes, we see, we saw, we see, well, July didn't yet finish, but we are seeing in the last
 weeks.
 I would like to like both in hackers, both in supers,
 and the other format as well.
 Comparing the environment, well, pretty much the time that we were witnessing in the last
 Well, there are some flavors growing in terms of spinners, like methodology and all, yes,
 But we knew that the situation would happen as they announced the public league has to
 where they will intend to continue to invest
 in the proximity formers in Portugal, as proximity formers in also colinus is the segment
 segmentally.
 underpenetrated when compared to other European countries.
 and it is also
 is the segment is showing
 a very good prospect going forward in terms of growth.
 Well, basically, we don't see much difference between what is happening today and what will
 happen in the next coming months, but what happened, for instance, last year or the last
 last month.
 Thank you.
 The third question, I think
 is one will be
 more difficult to answer to you.
 yes very good
 So on the, on the, on the capital,
 allocation question.
 I would say that we are quite happy with what we have achieved in the last couple of years
 in terms of portfolio rearrangement.
 And I think it's the operations that we've done have better prepared us for the future
 and also better prepared our businesses.
 as many of our
 of the transactions that we did
 were critical
 and also to achieve the level of results
 that we are achieving right now
 because it focuses the management team on the right markets,
 on the right businesses, and so we are quite happy with what we've achieved.
 in terms of what will be the next big move.
 we will see
 I mean, we will remain active looking for opportunities that match our investment criteria.
 so high-growth opportunities that somehow leverage our existing assets and capabilities,
 also match our return targets
 and help us achieve the best possible balance geographically and spectra-wise.
 And we will also remain active and attentive in looking for opportunities to maximize
 value in our existing assets.
 as you know we have
 a flexible investment strategy.
 We have companies in which we have partnerships.
 We have companies in which we are 100% shareholders, and so we will remain on the lookout for opportunities
 that helps us maximize the value of our existing assets.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you as well.
 our next
 Our next question comes from Antonio Saladas from AS Independent Research.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning, thank you for taking my questions and thank you for the presentation.
 I have two questions, one related with Fierra.
 It could provide more color on the traffic on Sierra,
 if it is evolving
 as we were expecting or not.
 So if you can share with us how it is the traffic on shopping centers,
 because we've been talking a lot about online and marketplaces and so on.
 So should we be worried about the traffic on shopping centers in the coming future?
 And the second question is related with legal problems on ZOP.
 if there's any new
 on any news on this subject.
 Thank you very much
 Okay, Luis, do you want to start with the Sierra one?
 Will do, of course.
 Antonio, thank you for your question.
 in relation to shopping centers and the recovery of the current dynamics.
 the best
 way to think about us
 and particularly looking at everything that is in the press, etc.
 but the best way to think about us is like a factory
 that currently is not allowed to operate two or three production lines.
 and we are not allowed to operate them
 because the health authorities or the governments don't allow us to operate them.
 The machines are in very good form.
 the raw material is all there
 and we're just not allowed to turn them on.
 And that's why when you look at our current performance, it's very difficult to make a judgment on how we can actually operate at full capacity.
 have you said this?
 Um,
 maybe the best month
 to look for fundamentals is the month of May.
 month of May was the first month
 post lockdown was maybe a month only partially impacted by the delta variant uh nevertheless it
 had material restrictions, but when we look at our portfolio in the month of May, sales
 were down by 12% compared to 2019.
 12%.
 So one, two percent at the European level.
 and this was relatively consistent across all geographies.
 we are also seeing
 in some centers
 an outperformance compared to 2019 and some other centers a bit below.
 but sales were only down by 12%.
 12% might still look like a big number, and we would all like it to be much lower.
 But if you take into account that, one, we have zero tourism right now,
 when tourism is a relevant part of our shopping centers, too.
 We still have significant people working from home, meaning less people at the offices.
 Three, we have the harshest limitations in terms of number of people per square meter in our shopping center.
 That's the harshest limitations in Europe, which means that the shopping experience is not very positive,
 which means, again, we're not allowed to utilize full capacity.
 for our
 The timing restrictions are very meaningful.
 Shopping centers have to close much earlier than they want.
 Again, a limitation on our full capacity.
 So if you take all of these limitations into account
 and you look at minus 12% of sales compared to 2019,
 I think that is a very, very good number.
 Furthermore, when we look at June, in June, things across Europe maintain the trajectory
 that we saw in May.
 Portugal was maybe the only country where things backtracked a bit, again, due to the
 severe restrictions that we witnessed in portugal but overall i would say that the recovery is very
 satisfactory we are very encouraged by what we see but bear in mind that we
 still have a few
 machine that we are not allowed to switch on and we are very keen to switch them on our
 finger is on the button
 and once we
 We can press it.
 the things are everything in the case
 so that we will return to normality very quickly.
 We are also monitoring official forecasts from reputable market sources, and the return to normality is not something that we say.
 the return to normality is something that markets
 independent resources
 sources also confirm
 will happen in the short term.
 so lots to do
 Lots going on.
 very keen on operating at full speed.
 we are just not allowed to do that
 but we feel that the demand is there
 and we have fundamental figures to prove that.
 Okay, just to clarify, the minus 12% was on your portfolio, not just in Portugal.
 So it wasn't in your portfolio in Europe, yes.
 That's exactly right.
 Okay.
 Okay, thank you.
 That is right.
 at minus 12% across Europe.
 Okay, thank you.
 Okay, Antonio, on your second question,
 unfortunately the answer there is no
 we don't have any relevant news
 on the legal proceedings
 in terms of change
 of decisions
 from the courts. I think the good news
 is that the company is functioning well,
 updating normally.
 We are obviously monitoring.
 monitoring the situation
 and actively engaging
 with relevant parties
 but we do not have anything to announce
 that hasn't been paid yet.
 Okay. Thank you. Thank you very much.
 Thank you one time.
 There are no further questions from the participant lines.
 I have the floor back over to my COI Dolores.
 Okay, so if there are no more questions, I would like to thank everyone for listening.
 I would also like to thank José's initial remarks on commending us for presenting results
 before the holidays
 it was a huge effort on the part of the teams
 But we are very happy that we were able to achieve this and present you with our Q2 results
 at this moment in time.
 So thank you, everyone.
 I would like to wish
 good holidays
 for those of you going on holidays
 and I hope you all remain safe and healthy.
 Thank you very much, and let's talk again when we present our Q3 results later in the year.
 Thank you.
 Bye-bye.