 Thank you, Laura.
 And good afternoon to all those listening in today.
 Q2 was a strong quarter for us as we continued to ramp our high-performance product portfolio.
 Second-corner revenue increased 19% to $1.22 billion and gross margin improved year-over-year.
 Importantly, we return to non-gap net income profitability in the quarter driven by strong
 growth in our computing and graphics segment.
 Looking at our computing and graphics segment, we made excellent progress in the quarter
 and reported operating profitability for the first time in three years, based on our leadership
 Ryzen processor and GPU product offerings.
 The expansion and growing adoption of our rising CPUs combined with our sixth consecutive
 quarter of double-digit year-over-year graphics revenue growth resulted in a 51 percent increase
 in computing and graphics segment sales year over year.
 Client computing revenue increased by a strong double-digit percentage from a year ago, driven
 by a significant ramp and strong sell-through of our rising CPUs in the first full quarter
 of sales.
 Our rise in family of processors drove a richer mix of shipments and client ASPs, improved
 significantly from a year ago.
 All major PC OEMs have announced premium Ryzen-based desktop systems, with widespread availability
 expected for the back-to-school and holiday seizes.
 As we move into the second half of 2017, we are on track to complete the full family
 of Ryzen processors, including Ryzen 3 processors targeting the mainstream and value market
 segments with on-shop availability later this week.
 rise in threadripper products for the high-end desktop markets with global component channel
 Availability in early August.
 Ryzen Pro-based offerings targeting the commercial client segments with availability in Q3.
 and rising mobile APUs, which will be available for the consumer market later this year.
 In graphics, GPU revenue increased by a strong double-digit percentage from a year ago, with
 higher unit shipments and ASPs driving growth across our desktop and mobile GPU products.
 Time for Radeon RX GPUs was strong in the quarter driven by gaming and cryptocurrency
 In June, we began the introduction of our Vega GPU architecture with the launch of the
 the Radion Vega Frontier Edition, delivering a powerful professional workstation graphics
 card.
 trying to tackle demanding design, rendering, and machine
 intelligence workloads.
 Apple announced that our Radeon Pro Vega product will power the new iMac Pro.
 A workstation class product line designed for creators running the most demanding workflows.
 In addition, Apple also announced expanded iMac offerings, which are powered by the Radeon
 Pro 500 series.
 We will launch additional Radeon Vega products at SIGGRAPH next week, expanding further into
 premium portions of the consumer and professional GPU markets.
 Our investments in GPU compute and radion instinct are continuing to build momentum.
 We introduced our first Vega-based Radeon Instinct data center products in June.
 These new GPU accelerators will significantly increase performance, efficiency, and ease
 of implementation for machine learning and high performance computing workloads.
 We also showcased a server powered by AMD's Epic SoC and four Radeon Instinct MI25 accelerators
 working together to deliver ground baking performance of 100 teraflops.
 Interest and excitement are high as we recently started shipments of our
 for Radeon Instinct MI-25 accelerators to strategic data center customers.
 Turning to our enterprise embedded and semi-custom segments, revenue declined 5% year over year
 and increased...
 increased 44 percent sequentially.
 The sequential revenue gains were primarily based on higher semi-custom product shipments
 due to seasonality.
 In addition, we reached an important milestone
 in the quarter delivering initial Epic Server revenue.
 In our semi-custom business, unit shipments were up sequentially and down year over year
 as we enter the fifth year of the current game console sales cycle.
 This console cycle continues to outpace previous cycles, as Sony recently passed a milestone
 of 60 million PlayStation 4 consoles shipped.
 Last month Microsoft announced the new Xbox One X with availability in November.
 This system will be Microsoft's smallest and most powerful Xbox ever made and will be based
 on the combination of high-performance CPU and GPU IP that only AMD can provide.
 as we look at the remainder of the year
 and given the maturity of the current game console cycle,
 We expect semi-custom revenue to be down for the full year.
 In our server business, last month we launched our epic family of high performance data center processors.
 re-entering the incredibly important $16 billion data center market, and setting several new
 industry performance records.
 with up to 32 high-performance Zencors
 and an unparalleled feature set.
 Our EPIC family of processors deliver greater competitive performance at every price point
 across a full range of integer, floating point,
 memory bandwidth, and IO benchmarks and workloads.
 Our two-socket and one-socket EPIC CPUs are designed to deliver industry-leaning performance
 on critical enterprise, cloud, and machine intelligence workloads and provide a substantial
 TCO Advantage.
 At our epic launch event, we were joined by more than 20 leading server manufacturers
 and Global Ecosystem Partners who showcased optimized support and epic optimized platforms.
 We received compelling endorsements from OEM, cloud providers, and megadata center operators
 including HP Enterprise, Dell, Baidu, and Microsoft Azure.
 with more than 20 Epic-based platforms announced at launch.
 And we expect an additional 20-epid platforms to be available in the second half of 2017.
 With the strong global ecosystem and customer interest we have built around our epic processor family.
 We are on track to reenter the data center market
 in a major way.
 In closing, we are very pleased with the trend of our quarterly results and how our products
 her position.
 into the back half of the year.
 Our business foundation and growth opportunities are strong based on our high-performance product
 portfolio and our expanding customer traction.
 Given our first half 2017 performance and our visibility into the third quarter, we are
 We are happy to report we are progressing ahead of our annual revenue guidance, and we look
 forward to a strong year overall.
 Now, I'd like to turn the call over to DeVinder to provide some additional color on our second
 and quarter financial performance.
 Are you a vendor?
 Thanks for your question. So we are very pleased with the reception to Epic.
 You know, the launch that we did in June was very well received.
 We had a number of customers as well as partners, you know, OEM providers, OEM guys, as well
 as cloud providers who participated in that.
 But the general reception has been very positive.
 I would say that interest level is very high.
 In fact, you know, we're adding additional, you know,
 customer support to really ensure
 that we help customers get their platforms up and running.
 In terms of what to expect in the revenue ramp,
 We started shipping early volume in the second half of June.
 We would expect that, you know, we continue to ramp that revenue in the second half of
 the year.
 we would expect some additional customer announcements
 second half of the year and then, you know, as we stated with both, you know,
 Cloud and enterprise accounts, depending on their qualification cycles, it can take anywhere
 you know, up to four quarters to qualify the parts.
 But so far, so good.
 I think a very good traction and we continue to lean in hard on the day.
 So certainly the overall quarter for graphics was strong.
 Q2 tends to be seasonally down, and we were up in the quarter, so it was, you know, better
 than seasonal.
 I would
 I would say the better performance was due to two things.
 Now, first of all, we did launch our RX 580 and 570 gaming
 cards in April, and those cards are very, very well positioned in the market, so they're
 are doing well with gamers.
 Relative to cryptocurrency, we have seen some elevated demand, you know, if you look at,
 you know, GPUs across the world.
 the inventory in the channel is actually quite lean.
 And so we're working on replenishing that inventory.
 Our priority, though, really is on our core market,
 which is the gaming market.
 And so, you know, a couple of things that we are certainly doing are, you know,
 prioritizing supply towards the gaming market.
 So you'll see system integrators as well as on some
 of the major retailers, we have bundles with Ryzen and Radeon, and then some of our partners
 are also offering mining specific cards that have a different feature set such that we're
 really segmenting the the market between gaming and mining but it's
 It's important to say, you know, we didn't have cryptocurrency in our forecast and we're
 We're not looking at it as a long-term growth driver, but we'll certainly continue to watch
 of the developments around the blockchain technologies.
 Very helpful.
 Sure Matt, so look I think the the overall roadmap execution has been very good. You know very solid
 And I think our customers see that, you know, the rise in performance, the epic performance,
 you know, on the...
 the CPU side, and then certainly the Vega performance on the GPU side have met our commitments.
 And the important thing, particularly in the enterprise market, as well as the commercial
 market.
 a road map, a strong road map with multiple generations is important.
 stated at our financial analyst's day that we're already investing heavily in a 7 nanometer.
 7 nanometer will be key for us on both the CPU and the GPU side, and I would say that
 development is progressing well, you know, we're working with multiple
 Foundries on that, we have multiple design teams that are working, and we expect that
 give us a strong competitive roadmap for the next several generations.
 I think you covered it, DeVinder.
 you know, on the investment front, Matt,
 just to give you a little bit more color on that.
 I think we see tremendous opportunity
 in the data center around both CPU and GPU compute.
 And so we're taking the opportunity with some of the strength in the business
 to make sure we lean into those resources.
 and, you know, fully pay off the product investment.
 Yeah, good question, Ross.
 When you take a look at our client business, you know, think of it as, you know, desktop
 and mobile, and then within the desktop segment, it's channel and OEM.
 show.
 performed very well. I think the ASP contribution is very evident on the desktop line item.
 But when we look at where we are in the progression of the rise in rollout, we're still in the
 early innings.
 So, you know, we had our first full quarter of, you know, Ryzen desktop in the channel.
 You know, the OEMs launched their desktop products in about mid-June and so they just
 started selling at the end of June.
 And that will flow through into the second half of the year.
 and the mobile products are still our legacy products.
 So you saw that the mobile ASPs were down slightly as we went from Q1 to Q2, and that
 It was just a mix on some of the legacy business.
 but the desktop ASPs were quite strong
 And we should expect that as we go into the second half of the year, and we have rise
 and really take off in the OEM sectors as well as once we introduce Ryzen mobile towards
 the second half of the year is when you'll see, you know, sort of more of the full portfolio
 over the horizon. Does that help?
 So I think you summarize the revenue guidance well.
 I think we see the computing and graphics business accelerating on the strengths of the new products.
 we do have a bit of a year over year headwind
 when we compare game consoles.
 When you look at our Q3, you know,
 margin guidance. You know, we are certainly up year over year, three points. And so I
 I think that's the strength of the product portfolio.
 I think as we get into the two-four guidance, we'll talk more about, you know, the margin
 progression but the what we expected in terms of margin expansion you know with
 the premium products is certainly playing out and that's helping the Q3 guide.
 Yes, David, we will be launching Vega actually in a week at SIGGRAPH, and yes, there will be.
 Vega will be shipping into gaming, into professional workstations, as well as into the GPU compute segment.
 Yes, so Ryzen Notebook is on track to launch for the holiday platform sales, and so you
 You should see OEMs launching Ryzen mobile for the holiday revenue in the second half
 of the year for Enbridge.
 So I think from an overall standpoint, you know,
 We see strong demand in graphics for the third quarter.
 I think that's a mix of a couple things.
 That's a mix of, you know, gaming being seasonally stronger in the third quarter.
 that's a mix of inventories being very low in the channel.
 And there is a crypto, you know, probably a cryptocurrency component as well relative
 to overall demand.
 When we look at it as a whole, though, we think that the growth in the business is really
 on the strength of the products and how the design wins both OEM as well as system integrators
 which are improving.
 Now, how is it different than sort of a couple of years ago?
 I think we understand the market, you know,
 much better from the standpoint of the products are significantly stronger.
 And so if you look at the product portfolio, not just the current sort of Flarex or RX5
 series products, but the Vega product coming in really opens up a larger
 time for us and we are working with our ad and board partners to segment the markets
 in terms of the feature set that go into the cards, as well as prioritizing some of the
 gamer, you know, some of the gamer ecosystem. So, you know, in terms of system
 integrator supply as well as bundling and OEM supply.
 So I think we are doing quite a bit
 to make sure that we protect against any downside
 as it relates to cryptocurrency.
 But overall, I would view it as, you know, GPUs are strong.
 And, you know, we see GPUs continuing to be strong.
 And so it's a great market to be in.
 Yeah, I think we are actually very pleased with, you know,
 sort of the conditions around the server market for us.
 I mean, it all starts with a good product or a great product.
 And so I think the epic product performance is very important.
 But I think the other conditions that are, you know,
 different than perhaps even more favorable than in the past is the fact that the cloud
 data center guys are making up such a large piece of the market and they tend to move
 faster in their qualification cycles, given the fact that they have, you know, they're
 more control of their own software environment.
 So I think our differentiation is strong.
 I think we have put out a product that is not only strong
 basic CPU performance, but also offers much more flexibility in terms of what you can
 do with memory and IO.
 I think that value proposition is recognized by the customer
 set.
 So, you know, we certainly are looking to ramp the revenue as fast as possible.
 You know, obviously we continue to watch the competitive market.
 You know, it's been an exciting market.
 Some would say that from a product standpoint, there has been a bit of back and forth already.
 We feel good about how our products are positioned,
 not just today, but how they will be positioned over the next, you know, 18 to 24 months.
 So we're going to be very focused on ensuring that we lead with the product message.
 Of course, there's a go-to-market element and all that around that.
 you know, I think the competitive environment right now is very focused on product competitiveness.
 Yeah, so I think that the back you're referring to when we initially launched rise in seven there were some
 games, particularly in 1080p resolution that were not as good as some of the higher resolutions.
 I believe we've worked around a lot of that.
 We've seen, you know, game developers, you know,
 content developers really, you know, sort of support the rise in ecosystem. I've actually
 They've been very happy with how they've jumped on the support of it.
 We have been continuing to improve the ecosystem.
 So if you look at the motherboards and if you look at the memory capability, they've
 significantly...
 significantly improved just in the last three or four months.
 I think you'll see as we go through Threadripper haunch, which is coming up very shortly, that
 to the rising ecosystem is strong.
 And as it relates to EPIC, I think the very similar comments.
 I think the ecosystem has been very supportive of the, you know,
 epic processor family.
 And so, you know, I don't see that as an issue.
 Yeah, I would say, Joe, we have a broad set of customers
 that we're engaging with, so definitely we see top tier
 Cloud guys very engaged with Epic and they're talking about a number of different instances.
 Microsoft Azure was at our launch event, and Baidu was at our launch event, and we're working
 with a number of other cloud vendors as well.
 But we also have a very strong OEM support base as well.
 So with, you know, HPE and Dell putting out, you know, a number of platforms with Epic,
 I think that will ramp enterprise customers in 2018 as well.
 So I view it as, really, both sides of the equation are important for 2018.
 I think we will see cloud be a little lumpier, so, you know, certainly they tend to buy
 in stages, so they may be a little bit lumpier, but I think overall we are very focused on
 both cloud and enterprise accounts.
 Yeah, Joe, it was completely a function of demand and, you know, demand within lead time.
 I think from a supply standpoint, we've had a very strong supply chain across the board
 across both CPU and GPUs.
 We are, as I said, in the process of catching up to a demand, and so we're certainly, you know, increasing
 some of the production, and that was Defender's comment about some of the work in capital
 and, you know, some of the inventory comments.
 Overall, though, I think we're going into a stronger second half of the year, so it's
 It's not unexpected for us to ramp up production.
 It's just, you know, demand was quite strong, you know, particularly, you know,
 in the April May timeframe is when we saw a spike
 and it takes some time to react to those signals.
 Yeah, again Hans, I think we have been working closely with different customers including in you know, virtualized environments
 We've seen no particular issues other than just getting their platforms up and running,
 And so, you know, I think we continue to believe Epic
 will do very well in those environments.
 Approach.
 Yeah.
 But actually, the feedback has been actually quite good.
 And I think what we're able to do, obviously,
 It's a decision to make, right?
 we could have built one big monolithic trip,
 or we decided very strategically to build a modular approach
 because it just gives us so much flexibility when we talk about the combination of CPU
 and IO. So far, so good. I think there is some work to do to make sure that the
 The latencies are appropriately taken care of and the customers are working with us on
 on that, I think the flexibility is really, really appreciated, particularly when you
 look at what we can do with single socket servers as well, so we feel very good about
 We're epic physicians.
 I think the customer feedback continues to be very strong, and our goal is to get as
 many platforms out as possible.
 Yeah.
 Yes, John, let me answer that.
 When you look at our typical seasonality,
 as you said, we tend to be down in Q4, you know,
 Semicustom is still a large, large piece of our business.
 and you know, semi-custom will peak in Q3
 and it will come down in Q4.
 I also think that, you know, we want to be cognizant of the fact that some of the graphics
 demand that we see might be temporal. So, you know, we're not counting on that that
 staying through the full year.
 We'll see what happens, frankly.
 I think we'll see what happens with the whole mining stuff.
 But I think when you look overall,
 I think that it shows that the business is strengthening.
 And so we like the growth very much.
 horizon will continue to grow through the second half.
 Epic will continue to grow through the second half.
 Vega and our GPU business will continue to grow
 through the second half, and the only headwind that we have is, you know,
 for the game console business, just as part of normal seasonality.
 And then relative to, yeah, so I think there are a couple points, John, I want to make
 that we're clear about.
 You know, although, you know, up X is going up and R and D is going up.
 We're doing it in a very thoughtful fashion.
 And so staying within the confines of the business model
 was really important.
 And as DeVinder said earlier, our model that we laid out
 at Financial Analyst Day for 2017 has us,
 you know, let's call it at approximately 31% EUR.
 And we're going to stay within that model for sure.
 Now, relative to priorities in R&D,
 It is very much focused on sort of the new growth areas
 for us, very much focused on data center, and very much focused on GPU compute around,
 you know, machine learning and, you know, sort of the entire compute space on the GPU side.
 It is fairly incremental in terms of adding things like, you know, customer support, you
 You know, field application engineering, software support, you know, given that, you know, we're
 familiarizing people with our architecture.
 So now I think it's good.
 We're happy that the business affords us the ability to increase R&D in this time frame
 and we're using it to accelerate our growth in these, you know, high-margin markets.
 Thank you
 So, you know, Vijay, without getting too granular about percentage of Epic revenue,
 I think what we've said is our target for EPIC,
 So we sort of have the midterm target
 is to get back to double-digit market share.
 show over 10%.
 We think that we have a product and a customer set
 and an environment that does support that.
 it will take longer than this year to get there.
 So, you know, I think this is a multiple, you know, quarter, you know, ramp for us.
 But in terms of, you know, how we've laid out the business model,
 I mean, that's all contemplated sort of in our overall growth model for 2017 as it relates
 to margins, again, without being very specific.
 I would say the epic margins are highly accretive.
 even at our current sort of pricing, which offers,
 I would say significant value to the customer.
 I think it also gives us significant credit
 for the capability of the product.
 And so the margins are creative to our business model.
 Yes.
 Yes, the Radian Instinct similarly has a lot of interest from the marketplace, you know,
 a number of different applications.
 We started shipping actually in July to some strategic data center customers.
 We see that interest continue to ramp.
 there, I think it is, this is definitely a lumpy business and so it goes as a cloud
 guy puts on a new instance, you would see a larger buy and that's the way it would work.
 But again, very good market.
 I think we're in the very early part of the growth
 trajectory for AMD in these markets and we'll continue to invest and work closely with customers
 to ramp up.
 But we're.
 We're.
 We're being conservative in our estimates for what will happen as we get a quarter.
 I think the visibility is, it's not, you know,
 if anyone's guessed at this moment.
 However, I think what we are doing very clearly is prioritizing sort of the core customer
 so that we're segmenting the market.
 You can never segment it perfectly,
 but I think we are, you know, segmenting it well.
 And, you know, we continue to be, you know, very closely in tune with our partners and how this develops.
 And, you know, my expectation is that, you know,
 And there will be a leveling off of the demand at some point and, you know, as we fill the
 channel that will become clear and what the level off point is.
 But right now, as we said, the channel inventors are very low.
 And so it's hard to call the absolute demand, and we're ensuring that we're not over-calling
 the demand.
 Great.
 very much operator. We appreciate everyone being with us today. We look forward to spending
 with time with you in the coming quarter, and thank you.