 Okay. Good morning to all. Welcome to Sabespi's video conference to discuss the earnings for Q3.
 My name is Mário Sampaio.
 I am Head of Capital Markets and Investor Relations.
 It's our best.
 Today, we have with us here
 Dr. Benedito Praga, Chairman of Sabesky
 Mr. Osvaldo Garcia, Director, Financial Economic Director and Investor Relations,
 Mr. Marcelo Miyagi,
 Head of Accounting,
 Marcelo Sanchez,
 superintendent of radio for
 regulation.
 Before passing the floor to Dr. Braga to begin the conference,
 I'd like to give some information.
 First, this video conference is being recorded and the presentation will be available for download at our portal where we already have the press release.
 We will accept questions only in writing through chat.
 Our conference will be for an hour and 30 minutes, and we will have 45 minutes to answer questions from analysts.
 and at the end
 We will have time for questions from journalists.
 the list.
 Include.
 A small disclosure, we would like to clarify that any declarations made during this conference
 conference.
 Thank you.
 Concerning the business perspectives of the company, projections, operational, and financial goals are based on beliefs and assumptions of the company's board and also information currently available to the company.
 Considerations about the future are not guarantee of performance.
 they involve risks, uncertainties
 because they refer to future events
 and therefore depend on circumstances that may or may not occur.
 investors should
 economic conditions, industry conditions, and other operational factors may affect
 the future results of the company and may lead to results that may differ materially
 from those expressed in these considerations about the future.
 Now, I would like to pass the floor to Dr. Braga.
 Dr. Braga, you have the floor for the opening of this conference.
 Thank you very much, Mario.
 Good morning to everyone.
 it's the great
 satisfaction
 to bring to you
 on this rainy morning, good news to all.
 We had very positive financial results, but I will allow our CFO, Dr. Oswaldo Garcia, to talk about this point to you.
 I would like to begin with three or four topics that are of your interest.
 Also, as a result of this good news, we have a rainy morning concerning the water safety.
 we had
 We are actually having a situation that is an extreme drought in the southeast of Brazil, and this even affected the electricity sector.
 And also, as Dr. Oswaldo may explain, cost of energy that went up of this extreme drought situation that we are having.
 And we were able to get a special authorization from the water authorities
 on Paraíba do Sul River, 40 million cubic meters.
 These are additional until the end of this year.
 additional 40 million
 cubic meters until the end of this year, thus
 increasing our water safety.
 remove or may abstract 2.5, 2.5 million cubic meters of water with a monthly average of
 All right.
 this, the works are
 going very well, and
 in the first semester of next
 year, we will
 have the inauguration of
 this
 supplementary systems.
 Now concerning
 rainfall
 we had
 a month of October
 that was a little above average
 in terms of rainfall, but
 a month of November
 in the first two weeks
 on November
 with little rainfall
 but we still have
 hopes that in the
 of water in the metropolitan region of Sao Paulo.
 In the interior, we had a situation in the city of Frenka.
 In the month of August, September, we had to begin a rationing plan, but this situation
 is over and today
 the supply of water in the city of Flanque is normal.
 So, in the other cities, 375 cities, the situation is okay concerning the supply of water.
 Another important piece of news, very important news, is the implementation of NETS at NETA.
 this platform will allow the
 new tariff structure that
 we have this structure where we will have a single tariff for
 all
 our cities
 And this will be applied in 2022 and reminding you that the minimum
 terror
 disappears and we will have
 A fixed tower for water connection and plus water consumption.
 so the person will only
 pay for what
 they use, but there will
 be a fixed fee in the new structure, in the new tariff structure.
 Also, through this new platform, NetApp, we will have different interaction with clients,
 much better interaction with payment via pics credit cards in other words a modernization
 A very important modernization and update.
 Right now, we are implementing this system.
 There are some initial issues.
 For example, we have at our contact center, also we had a problem with fake news on fake bills from Sebasti.
 greater efficiency and a reduction in delinquency due to the fact that we are working with taxpayer
 numbers, taxpayer numbers, and ID numbers. Our corporate area did an excellent job,
 an important job, and we inaugurated this new era in terms of relationship with the clients.
 and the monitoring of our
 of our meters.
 so this is
 An important piece of news.
 We are modernizing the company.
 a result of the goals for 2033 concerning 99% coverage with water and
 and also sanitation, we are very comfortable with these.
 Issues? Yes, we will have conditions to prove our financial economic capacity as a result of the following.
 Our largest consumers, our largest cities will not need
 investments in CapEx.
 we had already foreseen
 getting to a
 situation of universalization
 before 2033.
 that unfortunately the federal government did not act on time in regulating this law
 and published this decree with nine months, nine months late, the National Water Agency
 regulated other indices that we will have to follow everything here late but
 we are working hard
 and fast for everything
 to be done
 everything that is from our part until December 31st.
 And with this, we will be absolutely in agreement with the new law for sanitation.
 Finally, I would like to mention that
 for this
 was the only company
 in the Southern Hemisphere
 to have an agreement with
 UNFCCC
 which is
 the platform of the United Nations for climate change where we are
 collaborating
 in this worldwide movement
 to increase the resilience
 of the water systems.
 We participated actively in
 top 26.
 taking our
 vision
 and showing that these discussions
 of the UN
 the 26th,
 have
 focused a lot on the energy issue, CO2.
 the problems that will happen in the long term, in the future, but they were not concerned with
 adaptation, which is happening right now.
 you can see
 the issues
 Concerning the drought we have in Brazil,
 has been an example
 for the rest of the world
 for the sanitation companies in the world
 because it prepared itself.
 We adapted ourselves to climate change.
 so it is with great
 satisfaction that
 We saw that the final report of the chairman of COP26 gave more importance to the adaptation issue.
 and not only this, the next
 cup that will happen in
 Egypt next year.
 the focus will be on
 Everyone adapting themselves and how this will impact and bring an improvement to the less developed countries in the southern hemisphere.
 Also, within this context of ESG, the company is alert, the company is getting stronger and stronger in this direction, ESG.
 Well, I believe you are more interested right now in hearing our CFO and the positive results in finance.
 So, Dr. Rosvaldo, you have the floor.
 Good morning.
 Good morning, gentlemen.
 Good morning, Chairman Draga. Good morning to all.
 I thank you all for participating in this video conference to discuss the earnings of Q3 2021.
 Beginning on slide 3, we observe the total volume build with a growth of 3.7% in relation
 to Q320.
 disconsidering the volumes
 of Mawar, which
 in this quarter is
 working in retail and
 in Q3 2020, they were working in, not in retail, well, just considering the volumes that are
 except from collection and also social and residential categories in shanty
 pounds, going from 957.3 million to 992.7 million cubic meters built.
 This growth is greater in the sewer services, 4.1%, in relation to the volume built in the segment of water that rose 3.4%.
 The most significant increase
 happened in the non-residential
 categories with where
 tariffs are higher.
 15.7% in public, 7% in commercial, and 6.6% in industrial clients.
 in the residential segment
 represents the greatest
 volume.
 In relation to the total, the growth was 3.2%.
 percent. With a recovery of
 consumption in non-residential categories, we noticed a recovery in the average
 has with favorable impact
 on revenue. Next slide, please.
 Thank you.
 Seguimos.
 Now, we'd like to see the slide with financial numbers.
 the revenue from sanitation services had an increase of 17.7% in the period,
 going from $3.6 billion in Q320 to $4.3 billion in Q321,
 especially as a result of tariff increases applied on clients' bills in August 2020, 3.4%, and since May this year, an increase of 7%.
 The effects can be seen in the revenue in this quarter when compared to the same quarter last year.
 Also, we add the increase of 3.7% in the total volume build, which explains the relevant
 volume.
 increase of the total revenue of sanitation services and the operation of water distribution
 in retail in the city of
 Amawa, which
 which is now
 24.7 million
 more
 in comparison with the same period
 last year. Net revenue went
 from 4.4 billion reais to 5.2 billion reais due to the growth in the volume
 bills and the inclusion of the price increases mentioned, as well as with the revenue from
 construction that contributed for the growth of
 132.7 million in the period
 the costs
 Administrative expenses and commercial expenses, including the cost of construction, had an increase of 13.8%, going from $3.5 billion in Q3 2020 to $3.9 billion in Q3 2021.
 One, when we exclude the construction costs, the increase was 14.3% or 347.5 million reais.
 Adjusted EBITDA was $275.7 million above the EBITDA of Q320, resulting in $1.8 billion in Q321, a positive variance of 18.2%.
 Now, concerning the EBITDA margin, which does not consider the revenue and construction costs, was a little higher, going from 44% to 44.4%.
 486.6 million 11.1 above the profits in q3 421.6 million reais i'd like to stress that this increase
 based on the revenue that grew in a more vigorous way
 with the inclusion of recent price readjustments, a greater volume,
 recovery of non-residential segments, thus improving the average tariff.
 and despite the pressure on costs and expenses due to higher inflation,
 and also with higher interest rates and exchange variations.
 Now, we go on to the slide for costs and expenses.
 the constant expenses when we
 Disconsider the cost of construction
 had an increase of 14.3% or 247.5 million.
 It's important to remind you that
 the analysis and comparison
 of this quarter with that of 2020
 in some cases
 may lead to distortions
 because many activities were paralyzed or delayed last year
 as a result of the measures for social isolation.
 the expenses with
 personnel have a small
 increase 1.8%.
 The explanation is in the salary increase of 7.75% in May this year
 and medical expenses that were exceptionally
 least low in the previous year.
 This variation below the inflation of the period is due to the reduction of around 1,000 employees.
 The effects of the impact of the pandemic in Q320 can also be observed with different degrees of magnitude in the expenses with materials and expenses with services.
 in general expenses
 a significant part of the growth
 observes of 103 million
 or 45.9% is explained by the expenses with court issues and the increase in accruals
 or provisions for payments
 to the Environmental and Infrastructure Sanitation Municipal Funds,
 resulting in the growth of the revenue and the number of cities included, worth $32.9 million.
 Expenses with electricity were also important.
 the average increase
 in the tariffs
 ACR was 30.6%.
 And the impact was not greater because we migrated part of the consumption to ACL,
 the free environment where the price increases were not that high.
 In general, the expenses with electricity had an increase of 20.6%, going from 311 million to 375 million reais in the period.
 different from the revenue
 that already reflects
 the recovery in volume
 and average tariffs in relation to the same period last year.
 the estimated losses
 with credit
 and bad deaths
 increased by
 43.5 million, a growth of 57.9%.
 As mentioned by our chairman, due to the beginning of the operation of the new commercial system,
 we will have a more modern tool to approach and solve these balances that were not collected, were not received.
 Next slide, please.
 Financial performance.
 The graph for financial performance begins with the profit in Q3 2020 of 421.6 million
 and shows the movement of the results in the period.
 Net operational revenue grew $715.4 million due to tariff increases totally included, growth in volume and improvement in the average tariff as already mentioned.
 Costs and expenses plus construction costs had an increase of $477.3 million.
 Other revenues and operational expenses, including equity, had a positive variation of R$2.8 million.
 This financial result presented a negative variation of 190 million, especially due to the devaluation of 8.7 and 8.3% of the Brazilian currency in comparison with the U.S. dollar and the yen, respectively.
 10.
 respectively, and
 Also, another point, the impact of the higher interest rates and also IPCA index on loans and financing.
 Income tax and social contribution had a negative variance of $3.9 million, resulting from the increase in net operational revenue of $582.7 million, which excludes the effects of revenue and expenses with construction.
 the increase in cost and expenses of 347.3, expenses with exchange variation of $141.5 million.
 The result was a net profit in Q3-21 of 468.6 million reais.
 This results
 although better than the one demonstrated in the same period last year,
 shows that the company still has the effects in 2020 but we have recovered
 revenue, not only due
 to higher tariffs,
 character increases, but also
 defects to the economy
 with the recovery
 in industrial
 segment and services.
 On the other hand, issues like delinquency have not followed the same trend
 And the strong increase in inflation can be seen in the cost of inputs.
 These are our comments.
 Now we would like to go on to the Q&A session.
 Mario, you have the floor.
 Everybody
 listening here, I just
 in YouTube.
 Hello?
 okay
 I'm taking over here
 So, I'm going to start here.
 Let's start.
 Well, we would like to begin
 a nossa
 Our
 Perguntas de
 Q&A session
 And with this, before that, I would like to ask questions
 Well, come on.
 will come from analysts and investors
 and, at the end, for journalists.
 As a result of time restrictions may be some questions that we receive may not be answered.
 what we can do, though.
 So, you can answer your writing later.
 I will begin with the same first question.
 Let me get ready
 And for this first question,
 I will check with
 Dr. Braga.
 The question is from Marcelo Gonçalves.
 He asks many questions
 concerning tariffs
 and price increases, indicators period, and when we will have the tariff structure.
 Dr. Braga, please guide us.
 the implementation
 of the
 you
 Tariff structure will happen in April next year and will be implemented in May.
 will begin in May.
 but I see here
 that there are more
 detailed questions on revenue and so forth, I will ask Oswaldo and Marcel to answer these questions.
 that were made there.
 Oswaldo, for now.
 Marcelo, I'll try to answer.
 Marcel, I will try to answer.
 please supplement
 concerning the revenue
 we have
 the amount is
 17.5 billion reais
 And if
 sub-SV has an expectation in relation to revenue this year, but I can say today that it is a little
 below the required
 revenue, but only at the end of December will we have the final number.
 We believe it will be a little lower, but not very much lower.
 March. Let's see the index that will be used so we can adjust for inflation in
 the period.
 This will be discussed in April and implemented as of May.
 Now concerning
 Tariffs, the chairman already mentioned, the new system will be implemented in May 2022.
 you. Would you like to supplement
 Marcel. No. Perfect.
 So, let's go to the next session.
 The next question is from Gabriel Chieffi.
 how is the
 process,
 concerning a possible privatization of the company.
 Dr. Braga,
 very well.
 I'm always reminding you that this topic of privatization is to our controller.
 It's not up to us to discuss this point.
 I would like to see
 concerning the progress
 It is what is public.
 our
 economic minister has said
 everyone knows that
 as such as our son of the movie.
 The privatization committee of the government is analyzing this topic.
 for the company's status and intends to hire the IFC to prepare a study.
 This is the information that is public and everyone knows.
 I have no additional information apart from what we read in the press.
 Well, we are awaiting more questions.
 For the time being, we had Marcelo Gonsalves.
 A question from Marcelo Sandri.
 The question is,
 Please give us an update about the investments in the new Benavis River.
 So, please talk about the schedule, amount invested, measurement of results, and expectations involving conclusion.
 Well, it is a great pleasure to answer this question.
 In October, we connected 428,000 users of the 530,000 savings for this project, Yupineros River.
 we
 since
 First, we have the concrete hope
 to finalize until the end of 2023
 all the 533,000 savings, apart from the quality recovery units for streams that feed the Pinedos River.
 We have five stations, total investment $1.7 billion.
 we are only paying
 According to results, we have 87% of physical part working ready.
 But in terms of finance, we're close to 30-40% in terms of payments.
 because the payment is only made
 when you have the results.
 in terms of connections
 and quality of water in the streams that feed the Pinedos River.
 So, it's a project that is going very well, very successful.
 Even during the pandemic, we are going beyond the forecast, as I mentioned.
 the forecast was
 85%
 in October
 and we have
 87% ready.
 Okay, we have a question from Daniel Kravitsky.
 And the question is,
 Please comment on expansion plans for operations, participation in auctions for sanitation and expansion to other states.
 The company is very connected to new businesses, expansion, Dr. Osvaldo.
 in the
 The financial department has a superintendent,
 allocated to treat this topic of new businesses.
 We are looking at this topic with great interest.
 We are focusing right now on the universalization and to reach the goals that we have in our program for 2033.
 As I mentioned in my initial speech, we are observing this.
 We have outside consultants for him to help us.
 We are.
 We are competing for Eurolandia to take care of the city next close to Franca where we
 We are already present, but maybe Dr. Osvaldo can supplement with some comments in terms
 of new businesses.
 Chairman, Mr. Chairman, supplementing this information is basically what you mentioned.
 Our focus is in serving the 325 contracts, improving our economic and financial capacity, and CAPEX.
 But, of course,
 after January 1st, when we have
 the confirmation
 of the financial capacity and the other companies, we expect some action.
 Especially new businesses were focused in looking at the opportunities first with priority to our states, Sao Paulo, and then other businesses participating in auctions together or together with other companies.
 Okay, we have a question from Carolyn Cabrero from Credit Suisse.
 the question is on the implementation of the new tool for collection that dr.
 Braga mentioned. Specifically, she wants to know how long will it take to implement this new tool
 and expectations to decrease PDD, which would happen in Q4.
 we
 the tool
 is already working
 what we are
 improving are
 the
 ways, the better
 ways to collect, more modern ways
 to collect, we should
 happen.
 in the next two, three months, in the beginning of the year.
 at the beginning of the year.
 we will have
 More news about this, using WhatsApp, using PIX for payments, all these modern tools for
 payment
 and also more effective ways to reduce delinquency.
 but
 The tool is already working, but these upgrades that it allows will happen in the next three, four, five months.
 Thank you.
 right now
 we don't have any
 new questions.
 I don't know.
 I understand.
 stands
 that the system
 identifies
 Whether Dr. Branga, can we open the floor to journalists?
 Yes, so let's wait a little.
 Let's see if we receive questions.
 questions in order to clarify points, so we will wait a little.
 I want to come forward, oh, Mario, can I just send you a...
 How are you?
 one
 point involving logistics.
 The only way to receive
 questions is through the Q&A
 or do we have
 Other ways.
 to receive questions from analysts and journalists only through the Q&A, questions only through
 the Q&A.
 I didn't see Carolyn's question.
 Carolyn is an analyst.
 she had difficulty to
 To ask her question, Sue, she is an analyst, she has contact with the company, she sent
 it through WhatsApp and I read the questions.
 Okay, we have more questions.
 Dr. Brown, Dr. Osvaldo.
 The question is from Juliana de Garibia.
 How are there?
 How are the recent changes having an impact on the company?
 How is the issue of costs?
 how are the costs very well this question is for dr osvaldo okay mr chairman well
 Now, in the macroeconomic system, we had an increase in interest rates.
 This will have an impact on our costs because of the loans we have and our debts.
 Now, concerning the other issue, it's a great concern of the company, this variation with higher inflation.
 The cost of electricity had a direct impact not only by inflation, but also the drought, the scarcity of water in the reservoirs.
 We are looking at this very careful.
 That's why I mentioned this point.
 But the costs are under control and within the goals that we have projected.
 Pressure exists.
 We are working now for this pressure not to have a great effect.
 Okay, I believe we have another question, I believe was already answered.
 Arlan Cravagnani,
 He asked whether Sabasvi
 intends to participate
 in sanitation auctions.
 This was answered.
 answered, maybe we can have more comments.
 well
 Myself and Osvaldo, we answered.
 we're alert
 we're looking at
 the
 capabilities, we made
 participates as if it does not affect our contracts, current contracts. Now with the new
 regulations, we have
 an important challenge.
 Marco mentioned this possibility of new businesses, but also there are serious issues because we have goals with our current contracts.
 That's why we're focused on reaching the goals in our contract.
 But as Osvaldo mentioned,
 we are alert
 We're looking at the opportunities if we can have important financial results enabling an
 acceleration
 of the universalization
 In Sao Paulo, we will consider the opportunities.
 It's Mario.
 It seems that I said that we would deliver the new Benavis River at the end of 2023.
 No, I did not say that.
 if someone understood 2023,
 they understood it wrongly.
 What is that?
 2022, next year, clean Vineros River from our viewpoint.
 Thanks.
 Okay.
 Dr. Braga, next question.
 Marcelo Gonçalves
 who will ask the questions about
 revenue
 he asks for
 details and clarifications
 Concerning the required revenue,
 17.5 billion.
 is it 17.5 billion for 2021 and based on prices of is this based on prices of february 2021 is this
 net revenue
 in the two cases
 The answer is
 Okay.
 Yes.
 So, let's go.
 Okay.
 waiting for more questions.
 reminding you that
 those who are listening
 through the translation in English
 are invited to ask questions.
 you may ask questions in English, too.
 So please feel free to ask questions in English.
 Sabespi is innovating.
 Thank you.
 Are you Sabesky?
 It's going to be in the past.
 We used two of our periods to have the report in Portuguese and then in English.
 now with this new technology
 today we are doing
 at the same time.
 and also the virtual meeting in English and in Portuguese.
 so we are
 more efficient now.
 Yes, and this cut the cost of our conference calls.
 Well, let's see.
 Well, let's see if we receive more questions.
 Yes, we have another question.
 Mariani Moraes
 Could you detail the strategy, how the company is financed, new loans, potential buybacks?
 So, that's it.
 Okay, Osvaldo, please.
 this would be
 better answered by you
 because you are responsible directly.
 so please
 Well, let me answer.
 Mariana. Mariana, thank you.
 I will answer in the following way.
 the company has
 an intense process of
 refinancing and loans
 we have
 tried to diversify the sources of loans apart from the eventures and with incentives we have sought
 multilaterals from the private markets we had an operation at the end of the
 a year, almost a billion
 and Reyes would be to invest
 in Reyes, not in
 foreign currency. Actually, this is
 the trend, the company
 guided by the board and the council
 is trying to reduce
 as
 Possible.
 the exchange rate exposure.
 So, our strategy is to diversify and anticipate the loans.
 the loans. Now, concerning
 potential
 buybacks. We will see this
 when opportunities
 arise. But certainly the
 company does
 manage
 is that in the future
 may pay off the loans
 that are very expensive
 in relation to what the market is offering.
 the depth we have
 almost all of them CDI, allow us to pay off the loans in advance,
 but always after a period after the issuance.
 I believe that in general terms, this is it, reminding you that the company has access to public multilaterals.
 recently we received
 approval from Confiex
 two for the next step
 financing of 200 million dollars. It will be in the end with Jaica, the public
 bank that does international development from Japan and this is also in our
 our pipeline.
 So, we have
 many loans
 from the public bid and World Bank.
 these may
 later be converted to rise.
 So we have a robust situation to guarantee the liquidity of the company
 and also guarantee
 the
 tactics of the company to reach the
 goals and deliver the clean
 Piedl River on the date that
 Dr. Braga mentioned.
 Thank you.
 Mario, it seems that Juliana Rocha asked the question.
 and
 Juliana Rocha
 Wait a minute, I'm not seeing it here.
 Juliana Rocha, journalist from Reed, at 11.46.
 I did not receive this question.
 I will read.
 I will read the question.
 I apologize.
 as journalists
 from Reed Intelligence.
 her question
 details
 about my initial
 comments.
 a best be
 does not wait to
 have
 rationing
 What is the scenario for 2022?
 to
 what levels
 you expect
 have when the during the droughts well
 during these years
 We had three actions, three movements.
 One, to increase the infrastructure.
 infrastructure.
 Second,
 reduce
 losses of water
 and
 also
 to bring
 and also
 to have conscious
 consumption from consumers.
 We were successful in these three.
 That is why today we can say that we have no forecast for rationing of water.
 we are
 in November
 we're expecting more
 rainfall this month
 of November
 and also drink
 December and January, which are
 the rainy months.
 there is
 a difference
 in climate forecast
 between the
 Institute's
 research institutes.
 Some
 saying La Nina
 others
 Do not foresee
 La Nina, La Nina means that we would have a
 dry summer.
 Otherwise, we would have
 a normal summer.
 So, there are uncertainties
 What we have in terms of expectations is the average.
 what happens
 more frequently
 and therefore
 right now
 we are not
 we are not seeing
 difficulties.
 Now, we will have no difficulties
 if we have a dry summer,
 because we have alternatives to face a challenge like this one.
 We have
 experienced to use technical
 of reserves. You already use them
 for your
 information
 in Contarira Reservoir has a technical reserve.
 The size of the full reservoir of Guarapiranga, which is the third largest system producing water in the metropolitan region of Sao Paulo.
 Therefore, we, right now, we don't see the need for rationing water.
 Now, if we have
 For example, a different situation.
 For example, in Franca, we did this.
 Why?
 because they're
 next year
 In the first semester, everything will be okay.
 It rained there.
 we have no more problems but
 When we had a more difficult situation, it was necessary to ration the water so people could fill their water reservoirs in their homes for their basic needs.
 But we don't have this
 this perspective
 in Sao Paulo
 We don't see this as necessary in Sao Paulo.
 okay now
 Okay, now
 I received the question.
 let's continue
 We have no further questions.
 Dr. Braga, let's wait another three minutes to receive questions.
 and do we conclude
 or do we wait more?
 Dr. Braga, Oswaldo.
 So, let's wait another three, four minutes.
 And if we don't have questions, we can close the conference call.
 126 participants next.
 We have 106 participants in this meeting, and certainly those who have questions have already asked their questions.
 Questions?
 Perfect, let's go.
 Okay.
 Very well, Mario. I think...
 Well, Mario, I believe we have no more questions.
 Yes, we have a question.
 Diego Nascimento is asking,
 will you
 announce dividends,
 Dr. Osvaldo.
 Well, the dividends foreseen are the minimum, and this will happen when we close our year-end report.
 We will define the company's profit, and there is no, we don't intend to change this.
 25%, which is
 the minimum dividend.
 We have
 We have a strong investment plan according to the new law,
 And we want to really bring universalization of these services to the state of Sao Paulo.
 Very well.
 Dr. Braga and Osvaldo, we would like to close, so I will pass the floor to Dr. Braga for his final comments.
 Well, I would like to thank all the participants.
 the goals and
 everything that is in the new law.
 We will continue in reducing costs, improving efficiency.
 so this is
 What our company intends to do in the near future and all those who participated may be sure
 that we will make
 our best efforts for our
 results to be
 greater, both
 financially and in terms of the improvement of the standard of life of
 people that we serve
 and we
 supply water and sanitation.
 Thank you.