 Okay.
 Good morning to all.
 Welcome to the Best Beans video conference to discuss the earnings for Q3, my name is
 module, Sampaio, I am head of Capital Markets and Investor Relations at Sabesti, today we
 We have with us here Dr. Benedito Praga, Chairman of Sabesti, Mr. Osvaldo García, Director,
 economic director and investor relations, Mr. Marcelo Miyagi, head of accounting, Marcelo
 Sanchez, superintendent of regulation, before passing the floor to Dr. Braga to begin the
 conference. I'd like to give some information. First, this video conference is being recorded
 And the presentation will be available for download at our portal, where we already have the press release.
 We will accept questions only in writing through chat.
 our conference
 will be for an hour and 30 minutes and we will have 45 minutes to answer questions from
 And at the end, we will have time for questions from journalists.
 conclude from all disclosure, we would like to clarify that any declarations made during
 this conference concerning the business perspectives of the company, projections, operational and
 financial goals are based on beliefs and assumptions of the company's board and also information
 currently available to the company.
 considerations about the future are not guarantee of
 performs the involved risk uncertainties because they refer to future events and therefore
 depend on circumstances that may or may not occur.
 Investors should understand that general economic conditions, industry conditions, and other
 for operational factors.
 may affect the future results of the company, and may lead to results that may differ materially
 from those expressed in these considerations
 about the future.
 Now, I would like to pass the floor to Dr. Braga.
 Dr. Braco, you have the floor for the opening of this conference.
 Thank you very much, Mario. Good morning to everyone. It's a great satisfaction to bring
 to you on this rainy morning, good news to all. We had very positive financial results, but I will
 will allow our CFO, Dr. Osvaldo Garcia, to talk about this point to you. I would like
 to begin with three or four topics that are of your interest also as a result of this
 good use we have a rainy morning concerning the water safety we had we are
 actually having a situation.
 that is an extreme drought in the southeast of Brazil and this even affected the electricity sector
 sector, and also as Dr. Osvaldo may explain issues involving cost of energy that went
 up as a result of this extreme drought situation that we are having and we were
 able authorization from the water authorities to bring from our reservoir in Jaguari on
 Pareiba do Sul. River, 40 million cubic meters, these are additional until the end of this
 year and an additional 40 million cubic meters until the end of this year.
 thus increasing our water safety.
 I also inform in this direction, talking about water safety, that the works for abstraction
 of water from the Papua River to the reservoir of the Chiba-Mirin in the Alto Tietay system
 may remove or may abstract 2.5, 2.5 million cubic meters of water with a monthly average
 Like this, the works are going very well, and in the first semester of next year, we
 will have the inauguration of this supplementary system. Now concerning rainfall, we had a
 a month about October
 that was a little above average in terms of rainfall.
 but a month of November, in the first two weeks,
 I'm November with little rainfall, but we still have hope that in the
 In the second part of November, we may have more rainfall to recover our levels at the
 reservoirs without the need to have any extraordinary measures to guarantee the supply of water
 In the metro park, in the interior, we had a situation in the city of Franca.
 In the month of August, September, we had to begin a rationing plan, but this situation is over and today the supply of water in the city of Frente is normal.
 So, in the other cities, 375 cities, the situation is okay concerning the supply of water.
 Another important piece of news, very important news, is the implementation of NetApps.
 NetApps.
 form will allow the U-tariff structure that we have, this structure where we will have a single
 Tariff for
 for all our cities.
 And this will be applied in 2022 and reminding you that the minimum tariff disappears and
 we will have a fixed tower for water connection and plus water consumption.
 So the person will only pay for what they use, but there will be a fixed fee in the
 the new structure and the new tower of structure.
 soon through this new platform, NETA, we will have different interaction with clients, much
 better interaction with payment via picks, credit cards, in other words, a modernization
 a very important modernization and update.
 Right now, we are implementing this system.
 There are some initial issues.
 For example, we have at our contact center, also, we had a problem with fake news on fake
 builds from sub-estates, but the NATO system has a much greater efficiency, brings us this greater
 efficiency and a reduction in delinquency due to the fact that we are working with taxpayer
 numbers, taxpayer numbers, and IT numbers. Our corporate area did an excellent job, an
 important job and we inaugurated this new era in terms of relationship with the
 Client
 and the monitoring of our
 of our meters. So this is an important piece of news. We are modernizing the
 companies.
 Now...
 concerning the new sanitation law and the decree that regulates Article 16b in terms
 of proving the economic financial capacity of the company as a result of the goals for
 for 2033 concerning 99% coverage with water and also sanitation.
 We are very comfortable with these.
 We will have conditions to prove our financial economic capacity as a result of the following,
 our largest consumers, our largest cities, will not need investments in cafes, we had
 already foreseen getting to a situation
 of universalization before 2033.
 Also, I can mention here that, unfortunately, the federal government did not act on time
 in regulating this law and published this decree with nine months, nine months late,
 the National Water Agency regulated other indices that we will have to follow everything
 here. Late, but we are working hard and fast for everything to be done, everything that
 That is from our part until December 31st and with this we will be absolutely in agreement
 with the new law of forced sanitation.
 Finally, I would like to mention that
 Sabespe was the only company in the Southern Hemisphere to have an agreement with UNFCCC,
 which is the platform of the United Nations for Climate Change, where we are collaborating
 in this worldwide movement to increase the resilience of the water systems, we participated
 actively in COP26.
 A...
 taking our vision and showing that these discussions of the UN, the 26th, have focused a lot on
 the energy issue.
 CO2, the problems that will happen in the long term in the future, but they were not
 concerned with adaptation, which is happening right now. You can see the
 issues concerning the drought, we have in Brazil as the best he has been an example
 for the rest of the world, for the sanitation companies
 in the world because it prepared itself.
 we adapted ourselves to climate change.
 So, it is with great satisfaction that we saw that the final report of the Chairman of
 COP26 gave more importance to the adaptation issue, and not only this, the next COP that
 will happen in Egypt next year, the focus will be on everyone adapting themselves and
 how this will impact and bring an improvement to the less developed countries in the southern
 hemisphere. Also, within this context of ESG, the company is alert, the company is getting
 stronger and stronger in this direction, ESG. Well, I believe you are more interested right now
 in hearing our CFO and the positive results in finance.
 Dr. Oswald, you have the floor.
 Good morning Chairman Draga, good morning to all.
 I thank you all for participating in this video conference to discuss the earnings of Q3 2021.
 Beginning on slide 3, we observe the total volume built with a growth of 3.7% in relation to Q320.
 this considering the volumes of Mawa which in this quarter is working in retail and Q3 in Q3 2020
 as they were working in, not in retail, well,
 of this considering the volumes that are except from collections and also social and residential
 categories in shanty towns, going from 957.3 million to 992.7 million cubic meters built.
 This growth is greater in the sewer services, 4.1% in relation to the volume built in the
 segment of water that rose 3.4 percent.
 The most significant increase happened in the non-residential categories where tariffs
 are higher.
 15.7% in public, 7% in commercial and 6.6% in industrial clients.
 In the residential volume in relation to the total, the growth was 3.2 percent, with a
 recovery of consumption in non-residential categories, we noticed a recovery in the
 the average charge with favorable impact on revenue.
 Next slide please.
 Now, we'd like to see the slide with financial numbers.
 The revenue from sanitation services had an increase of 17.7% and it appeared going from
 $3.6 billion in Q3.20 to $4.3 billion in Q3.21, especially as a result of parroting
 increase has applied on clients' bills in August 2020, 3.4% and since May this year an
 an increase of 7%.
 The effects can be seen in the revenue in this quarter when compared to the same quarter
 last year.
 Also, we add the increase of 3.7% in the total volume build, which explains the relevant
 increase of the total revenue of
 of Sanitation Services and the operation of water distribution in retail in the City of
 of Mawa, which is now $24.7 million more in comparison with the same period last year.
 Revenue went from 4.4 billion reais to 5.2 billion reais due to the growth in the volume
 bills and the inclusion of the price increases mentioned, as well as with a revenue from construction
 that contributed for the growth of 132.7 million in the period.
 the cost, administrative expenses, and commercial expenses, including the cost of construction,
 had an increase of 13.8%, going from 3.5 billion in Q3 2020 to 3.9 billion in Q3 2021.
 When we exclude the construction costs, the increase was 14.3% or through a brim 47.5
 million reacts. Adjusted EBITDA was 200 billion above the EBITDA of Q320, resulting in 1.8
 billion in Q3.21, a positive variance of 18.2%.
 percent.
 Now, concerning the abit margin, which does not consider the revenue and construct plan
 construction costs was a little higher going from 44% to 44.4% the net profit
 that 486.6 million, 11.1 above the profit in Q3, 421.6 million reais.
 I'd like to stress that this increase was based on the revenue that grew in a more
 vigorous way with the inclusion of recent price readjustments, a greater volume, recovery
 have non-residential segments, thus improving the average tariff. And, despite the pressure
 on costs and expenses due to higher inflation and also with higher interest rates and exchange
 variation.
 Now, we go on to the slide for costs and expenses.
 The constant expense is when we dis-consider the cost of construction,
 had an increase of 14.3% or 247.5 million.
 It's important to remind you that the analysis and comparison of this quarter without of
 2020 in some cases may lead to distortions, because many activities were paralyzed or
 were delayed last year as a result of the measures for social isolation.
 The expenses with personnel have a small increase of 1.8%.
 The explanation is in the salary increase of 7.75% in May this year and medical expenses
 that were exceptionally low in the previous year.
 this variation above the, below the inflation of the period is due to the reduction of around
 the thousand employees.
 The effects of the impact of the pandemic in Q3 committee can also be observed with different
 degrees of magnitude in the expenses with materials and expenses with services.
 In general expenses, a significant part of the gross observes of 103 million or 45.9%
 is explained by the expenses with court issues, 53.3 million, and the increase in accruals
 for provisions, for payments, to the environmental and infrastructure sanitation
 funds resulting in the growth of the revenue and the number of cities included were 32.9
 million.
 Expenses with electricity were also important.
 the average increase in the tariffs, HR was 30.6%, and the impact was not greater because
 As we migrate in part of the consumption to HDL, the free environment, where the price
 increases were not that high. In general the expenses with electricity had an
 an increase of 20.6%.
 going from 311,000,000 to 375,000,000 in the period.
 different from the revenue that already reflects the recovery in volume and
 average tariffs in relation to the same period last year.
 The estimated losses with credit and bad debts increased by 43.5 million, a growth of 57.9%.
 As mentioned by our Chairman, due to the beginning of the operation of the new commercial system,
 We will have a more modern tool to approach and solve these balances that were not collected,
 the man receives.
 next slide please.
 Financial performance.
 The graph for financial performance begins with the profit in Q3 2020.
 of 421.6 million and shows the movement of the results in the period.
 operational revenue grew 715.4 million due to tariff increases totally included growth
 in volume and improvement in the average tariff, as already mentioned, constant expenses plus
 construction cost had an increase of $477.3 million.
 Other revenues and operational expenses, including equity,
 had a positive variation of 2.8 million Reais. This financial result presented a negative
 variation of 190 million due especially to the devaluation of 8.7 and 8.3 percent of
 the Brazilian currency in comparison with the US dollar in the end, respectively, a devaluation
 that is greater than the one observed in 2320, which was 3 and 5.2% respectively.
 And also another point, the impact of the higher interest rates and also IPCA index on
 financing.
 income tax and social contribution had a negative variance of 3.9 million, resulting from the
 the increase in net operational revenue of 582.7 million,
 which excludes the effects of revenue and expenses with construction,
 the increase in cost and expenses of $347.7 million and greater expenses with
 exchange variation 141.5 million.
 The result was the net profit in Q321 of 468.6 million reais.
 results although better than the one demonstrated in the same period last year shows that the
 The company still has the effect of the crisis that began in 2020, but we have recovered
 revenue not only due to higher tariffs, tariff increases, but also defects in the economy
 with the recovery in industrial segment and services.
 On the other hand, issues like delinquency have not followed the same trend, and the
 The strong increase in inflation can be seen in the cost of inputs.
 are our comments now we would like to go on to the Q&A session.
 mind you, you have the floor.
 Up.
 Is anybody listening here?
 just been muted.
 Hello?
 Okay, I'm taking over here, so I'm starting here, we're going to start this job.
 Yeah.
 We would like to begin our section,
 our question of response in a session.
 And with this, before that, I would like to ask you the questions, and we'll come to
 from animal-extending petalists, as I've already mentioned, and at the end of the journalistic
 As a result of time restrictions may be some questions that we may not be able to answer.
 What we can do, though, we can answer in writing later.
 I will begin with the same first question.
 Let's begin.
 to get ready for this first question?
 I will check with Dr. Braga, the question is, from Marcelo Goncalves, he asked many questions
 The implementation of the new tariff structure will happen in April next year and will be
 implemented in May will begin in May. But I see here that there are more detailed questions
 on revenue and so forth, I will ask Osvaldo and Marcel to answer the question.
 I will try to answer.
 supplement concerning the revenue we have the amount is 17.5 billion reais and
 And if Sabesti has an expectation in relation to revenue this year, what I can say today,
 is a little below the required revenue, but only at the end of December will we have the
 the final number.
 We believe it will be a little lower, but not very much lower.
 now concerning
 The period of evaluation of inflation, I'd like to say that our P0 was February 2021
 therefore the way the since the agency will treat this in March let's see the
 index that will be used so we cannot just for inflation in the period this
 will be discussed in April and implemented as of May.
 Now, concerning tariffs the chairman already mentioned, the new system will be implemented
 in May 2022.
 Would you like to supplement
 myself. No, perfect.
 The next question is from Gabriel Tieffo.
 How is the process concerning a possible privatization of the company?
 I am Dr. Braga
 Dr. Braga
 very well
 Always reminding you that this topic of privatization is up to our controller.
 It's not up to us to discuss this point.
 I would like to say concerning the progress, it is what is public, our economic minister
 has said, everyone knows that the privatization committee of the government is analyzing
 this topic.
 for the state of society of the company
 for the company status.
 And intends to hire the IFC to prepare a study.
 This is the information that is public and everyone knows.
 I have no additional information apart from what we read in the press.
 Well, we are awaiting more questions for the time being we had Marshal Goncalves, a question
 from Marcelo Cendri, the question is, please give us an update about the investments in
 the new Penavels River.
 So, at least talk about the schedule, amount invested, measurement of results, and expect
 expectations involving conclusion.
 Well, it is a great pleasure to answer this question.
 in October.
 We connected 428,000 users of the 530,000 savings for this project, Yupiñeva's River.
 We... since... first...
 That feed the King Evers River. We have five stations
 Totally investment 1.7 billion
 We only pay according to results.
 we have 87% of physical part working ready,
 But in terms of finance
 We're close to 30-40% in terms of payments because the payment is only made when you
 You have the results in terms of connections and quality of water in the streams that feed
 the Pinedos River.
 So it's a project that is going very well, very successful even during the pandemic.
 going beyond the forecast, as I mentioned, the forecast was 85% in October, and we have 87% ready.
 Okay, we have a question from Daniel Krabicki, and the question is, please comment on expansion
 plan for operations, participation in auctions for sanitation and expansion to other states.
 the company
 is very connected to new businesses, expansion, Dr. Osvaldo and the financial department has
 a superintendent allocated to treat this topic of new businesses.
 We are looking at this topic with great interest.
 We are focusing right now on the universalization and to reach the goals that we have in our
 program for 2033. As I mentioned in my initial speech, we are observing this. We have outside
 consultants for M&A.
 to help us.
 We are.
 competing for overlanding, for to take care of the city.
 Next, close to Franca where we are already present, but maybe Dr. Asvaldo can supplement
 with
 some comments in terms of new businesses.
 Chairman, Mr. Chairman, supplementing this information, it's basically what you mentioned.
 Our focus is in serving the 325 contracts, improving our economic and financial capacity
 and CAPEX, but of course after January 1st when we have the confirmation of the financial
 capacity and the other companies we expect some action especially in new
 businesses were focused in looking at the opportunities first with priority to our
 states from Paulo and then other businesses participating in auctions together or together
 with other companies.
 Okay
 That's a good one.
 We have a question from Caroline Cabrera, from Credit Suisse.
 The question is, on the implementation of the new tool for collection that Dr. Braga
 mentioned specifically she wants to know how long will it take to implement this new tool
 and expectations to decrease PDD, which would happen in Q4.
 Thank you very much.
 see
 the tool
 already working.
 And what we are improving are the ways, the better ways to collect, the more modern ways
 to collect, which should happen in the next two, three months, in the beginning of the
 year at the beginning of the year we will have more use about this using
 Whatsapp, using PIX for payment, all these modern tools for payment, and also more effective
 ways to reduce delinquency, but the tool is already working, but these upgrades that
 it allows will happen in the next three, four, five months.
 Thank you.
 Right now, we don't have any new questions.
 I
 I understand that the system...
 identified as Dr. Braga. Can we open the floor to journalists? Yes. So, let's wait a little.
 Let's see if we receive questions.
 Questions in order to clarify point so we will wait a little
 Hello?
 How do you come for marriage?
 are you
 One point involving logistics the only way to receive questions is through the Q&A or do we have
 have other ways.
 to receive questions from analysts and journalists only through the Q&A, questions only through
 of the Q&A.
 I didn't see Carlin's question.
 Carly is an analyst. She had difficulty to ask her question.
 So, she's an analyst, she has contact with the company, she sent it through WhatsApp
 then I read the question.
 But, let's go!
 Okay, we have more questions.
 Dr. Brand, the doctor is called.
 The question is from
 from Juliana Stigaribia.
 How are they?
 How are the recent changes having an impact on the company?
 How is the issue of cost? How are the costs?
 Very well.
 This question is for Dr. Rosvaldo.
 Okay, Mr. Chairman.
 Well, in the macroeconomic system, we had an increase in interest rates.
 This will have an impact on our cost with
 Because of the loans we have and our debts now concerning the other
 Another issue is a great concern of the company, this variation with higher inflation.
 has put pressure on many of our costs. Operational cost, cost of materials, cost of electricity was
 has had a direct impact not only by inflation, but also the drought, the scarcity of water
 in the reservoirs.
 looking at this very careful that's why I mentioned this point but the costs are
 under control and within the goals that we have projected. Pressure exists. We are working
 now for this pressure not to have a great effect. Okay, I believe we have another question.
 I believe was already answered.
 Arlang Kravanyani, he asked whether Sabesti intends to participate in sanitation auctions.
 This was answered, maybe we can have more comments.
 Well, myself and Osvaldo, we answered, we're alert, we're looking at the possibilities
 We may participate
 as if it does not affect our contracts, current contracts.
 Now with the new
 regulations, we have an important challenge.
 Mark, who mentioned this possibility of new businesses, but also there are serious issues
 because we have goals with our current contracts.
 That's why we're focused on reaching the goals in our contract.
 But as Osvaldo mentioned, we are alert.
 We're looking at the opportunities if we can have important financial results enabling
 and acceleration of the universalization in Kampala, we will consider the opportunities.
 It's Mario.
 It seems that I said that we would deliver
 river, the new Penavels River at the end of 2023.
 No, I did not say that. If someone understood 2023, they understood the wrongly.
 2022, next year, clean Piedle River from our viewpoint.
 Okay, Dr. Braga, next question.
 My fellow guns always
 Will ask the questions about revenue
 He asks for details and clarifications concerning the required revenue.
 revenue.
 Is it 17.5 billion for 2021 and based on prices of, is this based on prices of February
 2021, is this net revenue? In the two cases, the answer is yes.
 Yes. Okay.
 Waiting for more questions.
 Remembering to...
 reminding you that
 Those who are listening to the translation in English are invited to ask questions.
 you may ask questions in English too.
 so please feel free to ask questions in English.
 My best.
 Sabaspi is innovating, Mario Sabaspi is innovating.
 In the past, we are periods to have the report in Portuguese and then in English.
 with this new technology, today we are doing at the same time the call and also the virtual
 virtual meeting in English and in Portuguese.
 It's not sufficient for our work, right?
 so we are more efficient now
 Yes, and this cut the cost of our conference calls.
 Well, let's see if we receive more questions.
 Yes, we have another question.
 Mariani Moraes
 Could you detail the strategy?
 How the company is financed?
 new loans,
 potential buyback
 back okay Osvaldo please this would be better answered by you because you are
 They're responsible.
 So please, well, let me answer.
 Thank you. I will answer it the following way.
 The company has an intense process of refinancing and loans.
 We have tried to diversify the sources of loans apart from the ventures and with incentives
 we have sought
 multiliterals
 from the private market. We had an operation at the end of the year.
 almost a billion Reyes was beating Bestie in Reyes, not in foreign currency, actually
 this is a trend the company guided by the board and the council is trying to reduce as possible the
 the exchange rate exposure. So our strategy is to diversify and anticipate the loans.
 Now concerning potential buybacks, we will see this when opportunities arise, but certainly
 the company does manage.
 It's said, in the future, maybe pay off the loans that are very expensive in relation
 to what the market is offering.
 Good day.
 we have
 almost all of them CDI allow us to pay off the loans in advance but always after a period
 after these ones.
 I believe that in general terms, this is it, reminding you that the company has access
 to public multilaterals.
 Recently, we received approval from Colfiex to, for the next step, for financing of $200
 million.
 It will be in the end with Jaika, the public bank that does international development from
 Japan and this is also in our pipeline so we have many loans from the public bid
 and World Bank, these may later be converted to RISE. So we have a robust situation to guarantee
 the liquidity of the company and also guarantee the capex of the company to reach the goals
 and deliver the clean vehicles river
 on the date that Dr. Braga mentioned.
 Thank you.
 Marry you.
 it seems that Juliana Roche asked the question and Juliana Roche
 I'm not seeing anything
 Wait, I'm not seeing anything
 I'm not seeing anything
 He's going to read it.
 She'll get it after I ask her.
 The journal is from Reid at 1146.
 I did not receive this question.
 I will read.
 I will read the question.
 I apologize.
 Journalists from Read Intelligence.
 Her question details about my initial comments.
 Tab Esby does not wait to have rationing. What is the scenario for 2022? What levels do you expect to have during the drought?
 Well for them during these years, we may we had three actions three movements one
 to increase the infrastructure.
 structure, second, reduce losses of water, and also to have conscious consumption from
 consumers. We were successful in these three. That is why today we can say that we have
 no forecast for rationing of water. We are in November. We're expecting more rainfall
 this month of November.
 and also during December and January, which are the rainy months.
 There is...
 There is a difference in climate forecast between the institute's research institutes,
 Some saying La Niña, others do not foresee La Niña, La Niña means that we would have
 but dry summer, otherwise we would have a normal summer.
 So there are uncertainties, what?
 we have in terms of expectations is the average. What happens more frequently and therefore,
 Right now, we are not, we are not seeing difficulties.
 Now, we will have no difficulties if we have a dry summer, because we have alternatives
 This is what I was looking for.
 A challenge like this one.
 We have...
 A...
 experience, to use technical reserves, you already use them for your information.
 Campanita Reservoir has the technical reserve.
 the size of the full reservoir of Guarepiranga, which is the third largest system producing
 water in the metropolitan region of Sao Paulo.
 Therefore, we, right now, we don't see the need for rationing water.
 Now, if we have...
 have a different situation. For example, in Franca, we did this. Why? Because there next
 Here, in the first semester, everything will be okay.
 It rained there, we had more problems, but when we had a more difficult situation, it was necessary to ration the water,
 so people could fill their water reservoirs in their homes for their basic needs.
 But we don't have this
 This perspective in Sao Paulo, we don't see this as necessary in Sao Paulo.
 Okay now, okay now, I received the question, let's continue.
 we have no further questions. Dr. Braga, let's wait another three minutes to receive questions,
 Do we conclude or do we wait for Dr. Brago's follow-up?
 Let's do...
 So, let's wait another 3-4 minutes and if we don't have questions, we can close the
 conference call.
 126 participants, NERS.
 We have a hundred six-part participants in this meeting.
 And certainly those who had questions have already asked their questions.
 questions? Okay.
 Very well, Mario. I think...
 Farewell, Mario. I believe we have no more questions.
 Yes, we have a question.
 Question? Diego Nascimento is asking, will you announce dividends?
 Dr. Esvaldo.
 Dr. Osvaldo.
 Well, the dividends foreseen are the minimum, and this will happen when we close our year-end
 reports, we will define the company's profit, and there is no, we don't intend to change
 It is 25%, which is the minimum dividend.
 We have a strong investment plan for according to the new law and we want to really bring
 universalization of these services to the state of St. Paul.
 Very well. Dr. Braga Nosvaldo, we would like to close, so I will pass the floor to Dr. Braga
 for his final comments.
 Well, I would like to thank all the participants.
 I would like to thank our directors and our CFO and I'd like to see that we continue working
 hard on our challenges, especially to meet the goals and everything that is in the new
 law.
 will continue in reducing costs, improving efficiency.
 efficiency. So this is what our company intends to do in the near future and all those who
 participated may be sure that we will make our best efforts for our results to
 be greater, both financially and in terms of the improvements of the standard of life
 of people that we serve and we supply water and sanitation.
 Thank you.