 Good day and thank you for standing by.
 Welcome to the Seoul System 2021 4th Quarter and Full Year Earnings Presentation Call.
 at this time of participant time-lesson only mode.
 After this speaker's presentation, there will be the question and answer session.
 To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star and one on your telephone
 Thank you.
 Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.
 If you require any further assistance over the phone, please press star 0.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to our first speaker today, Francois Bordeaux
 Adolf, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Nadia.
 Thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter
 and fiscal year 2021,
 earnings conference call with
 bernard charlotte
 Bye, chaman, and see you.
 and that those chief operating officer and roofing that man chief financial officer.
 We also will also join us Pharek Sharif
 Chairman, Dasso System, Life Sciences, and Healthcare.
 That's how systems results are prepared in accordance with IFRS.
 Most of the financial figures
 Discussed on this conference call are on a non-IFRS basis, with revenue growth rate in
 in a constant currency, unless otherwise,
 Some of our comments on this call contain forward-looking statements, which could defer
 materially from actual results.
 Please refer to today's press release and the risk factors section of our 2020 ECU and
 registration documents. All earnings material are available on our website and these prepared
 remarks will be available shortly after this call.
 Piana, the floor is yours.
 Thank you very much, François-José.
 Good morning and good afternoon to all of you and thank you for joining us.
 It's always a pleasure to review our full year results with you.
 We had an Excel on 2021.
 year with a strong finish to the year.
 The total revenue rose 11% for the year, driven by a broad-based demand across our markets.
 The majority of which are growing double digits, by the way.
 Our strategic growth drivers performed well through the experience. Revenue increased
 15% with cloud revenue rising 23%.
 Our 3D experience platform has been a competitive advantage, driving new client wins.
 The cloud is about inclusiveness and providing additional value to clients.
 earning per share increased 26%
 thanks to good revenue growth
 on high profitability.
 For 2022, we have set the target for 9% to 10% top line growth.
 as you can see
 We have delivered very good results.
 But more importantly, we have the key elements in place to support sustainable growth.
 Our technology is changing the game for clients across our three major sectors of the economy.
 We are expanding our footprint, deepening existing partnerships, and adding new clients.
 We have invested in our team, establishing the next generation of leaders.
 The stage is set, therefore, for a good future.
 Now, I'd like to share some perspective on our vision and strategy for the coming years.
 You remember us 10 years ago on February 2012.
 We unveiled a new brand identity for our company, the 3D Experience Company, on our
 corporate purpose built around harmonizing product nature on life. Today the
 The significance of our strategy is clear.
 Our clients and partners have embraced the experience economy.
 They are transforming all sectors and industries with sustainability on human simplicity as
 the central pillars of a new era.
 the experience economy accelerated by the pandemic.
 triggers new categories of expectations, really, from citizens, passion, consumers, even workers.
 This is apparent in our everyday life.
 Tomorrow's mobility is no longer a matter of vehicles.
 It's a matter of desirable, sustainable mobility experiences.
 tomorrows and scare is much more than therapeutics it's about the passion
 journey on precision medicine.
 Tomorrow's cities are not only a collection of buildings, streets and facilities, it's
 about quality of life and quality of service.
 As a consequence, all our clients need to reimagine their offer.
 Our answer is the systematic use of virtual twin experience based on modeling, simulation,
 real-world evidence in this merger between the virtual and the real-world.
 Our ambition, therefore, is to help our client.
 Imagine, create, produce experiences for their own clients.
 Unlike Metaverse, we use virtual world 3D virtual world
 experiences to improve the real world, only then the possibility of harmonizing product
 nature on life will emerge.
 I believe that the innovators of tomorrow and we see them have to think in terms of universes.
 universes, that is to say in terms of organic systems of systems that create, produce, on
 a complete experience in a circular economy.
 With the 3D experience platform, we are creating this if-we-loop we can provide this holistic view
 you combining value creation on value experienced design on usage to cover the full experience
 life cycle.
 We can extend virtual twin experiences across universes.
 It's about continuity of the what, the offer, the how, how you make it, on the use of it
 by people.
 This is a new revolutionary approach to innovation.
 It's, in some way, the next generation of PLM.
 As we have done in the past with the early adopter,
 we will pave the way for the future across the three
 sectors of the economy we serve.
 Let's quickly look at implications, for example,
 life sciences.
 research has moved beyond the hospitals on labs.
 As more and more technology is used to decentralize trials, the entire clinical trial experience
 is transformed for all people involved.
 can now participate in a trial from anywhere, especially from home.
 Doctors and researchers can now collect more data in different ways.
 If we connect the dots across clinical trial data, real-world data, on research and development,
 We can close the loop and make precision medicine a reality.
 the consequence.
 elevate the passion journey.
 That system will be the only one capable of supporting end-to-end solutions in life science.
 The ongoing advancement toward a sustainable economy will mark this century also.
 we can reveal some of the dynamics we see progressing.
 I think it's clear that our passion for science-based people
 center innovation on the commitment we have for our very loyal clients is really a catalyst
 of that transformation.
 Let's have a few illustrations of how we are enabling
 such kind of transformation today.
 Our next thing from there, you will see a lot of good reasons to believe.
 In the course of this video, I would like to thank all of you for watching this video.
 we have a very successful partnership with Ikea.
 With the three experience by me platform,
 kitchen planner on the cloud.
 Ikea is enabling customers to use virtualization
 to design their own dream teachers.
 The pandemic has led individuals to invest in their homes and has acted as an accelerator
 for eCommerce, the 3D experiment by me platform Kitchen Planner, has a load, Ikea, to take
 full advantage of these trends. In some way, the Buy Me kitchen platform was
 was used by 1 million people only a few months after being deployed.
 From today, has reached over 4 million users, making it the most popular 3D consumer application
 in the world.
 This is the cloud advantage, but it's also the mobile advantage.
 mobility and other sectors of the industry.
 Pirelli is pursuing increasingly challenging goals in terms of sustainability, working
 on innovative materials, on cutting edge production processes.
 They have selected smart tires on the 3D experience platform.
 They will leverage the capability of the virtual twin to foster innovation, reduce cost,
 increase circularity, and, of course, reduce time to market
 through simulation modular design.
 It's great to be part of Pirelli's adventure
 to move everyone forward through technology,
 on social progress.
 In the health care, I could take the example of Perigo, because the health care affordability
 is becoming essential. Today, the cost of healthcare is growing twice as fast as the
 the overall economy.
 Perigo, 130 years old company, has been improving passion life with affordable self-care products.
 The company is deploying several of our solutions.
 For example, license to queue.
 Perfect formulation.
 perfect package
 on our 3D experience platform.
 As you notice, you are not describing the function,
 we are describing the value even in the way we name our solutions.
 Their goal is to increase efficiency, quality and time to market.
 We are very pleased to help Erigo have this positive impact on, I guess they are very
 positive 2.
 Now.
 You have some proof points
 It explains to see virtual twin experiences powered by the 3D experience platform are
 helping all our customers evolve and transform.
 We recently celebrated our 40th anniversary
 that's a system. Two generations of innovators have revealed the power of virtual works to
 imagine create disruptive innovation and this is a fact in all sectors we serve.
 Now we are focused on our next horizon, 2040.
 objective is to be the leader of insustainable innovation and to continue to position our
 clients, at the vanguard of progress across manufacturing industries, life science on
 health care, as well as infrastructure and cities.
 We support our long-term initiatives.
 have established the next generation of executive leadership.
 I'm so happy to have Pascal, the laws now, fully focused on his mission as chief operating
 officer to connect all the dots on elevate and expand the value we provide to our clients
 unpower a new generation of leaders along the lines that I just described.
 at the same time.
 I'm equally delighted to welcome Reuben Bergman
 to the Executive Committee of Dassault Systemas,
 financial officer.
 Woven has played a critical role in integrating MIDI data.
 as well as the COO and CEFO titles.
 brings a mastering of financial matters related to software on cloud business model.
 Reuven, it's wonderful to have you here.
 Thank you for being here and giving us more time to meet with customers.
 Ultimately, all progress is human, investing in our people and culture is at the core of
 what we do, our M&A activities, are driven by both innovation capabilities as well as
 as talent, as you all know.
 after many years of observing the subsystem,
 It has always been essential for us.
 We are focused on enabling teams to transform.
 transform, reveal talents.
 When we are...
 find MIDI data in 2019, just two years ago.
 Tarek on his team with Glenn, his body, created this incredible reason to believe that we
 We could have a future together.
 I'm extremely proud of the significant innovation.
 Strong culture and leadership media data
 has brought to the life science sector.
 we have been able to integrate, scale rapidly,
 accelerate growth and deliver excellent results, and above all, have fun being together.
 It's a great pleasure now to have, online, Tarek, my body, who is now the chairman of
 the life science sector on the scale for the DASO system.
 Would you like to say a few words?
 the world?
 Thank you, Bernard. Thank you for the kind words.
 It's really a pleasure to be with all of you today in my role.
 It's been a few years since I've been on an earnings call and as you say it's a lot of fun
 So it's been more than two years since we announced coming together.
 And honestly, I can't be more excited about what we've been able to accomplish in the
 the progress we've made since that time.
 It's been an incredibly challenging environment,
 As you all know, integrations are never easy.
 and doing it on a global scale is even more difficult
 and then doing it in the midst of a pandemic.
 Is it even more difficult?
 But I would say that the integration
 has been a tremendous success.
 And I really want to thank Bernard and Pascal
 for all the support that they have given us and our teams.
 And I'd like to also thank you, our teams,
 who have come together, focused on creating value
 for our customers and ultimately for patients.
 You know, our teams are delivering amazing innovation
 and execution to advance clinical trials
 and new treatments for patients
 during what's been an unprecedented time.
 and it feels like we're just getting started,
 given the tremendous opportunities
 that we see ahead of us.
 are impact on improving the patient's experience
 and scaling precision medicine has never been clearer.
 You know, at the end of the day, it's what Glenn and I always dreamed about.
 And we're convinced we would be able to do one day.
 and it's what brought us together as organizations in the first place
 and it's becoming a reality.
 As many of you know, we suffered the tragic loss of Glenda Vries, my best friend, and
 our co-founder late last year.
 He helped transform our industry and his vision has always been an inspiration for all of us.
 Glenn helped set the highest standards for Medi-David and he drove us to innovate and
 solve the most complex problems with energy and creativity.
 and I am absolutely convinced that we will pursue progress
 in life sciences and healthcare with the same passion that he had.
 And we have an amazingly strong team to support that.
 by continuing to do everything we can do to support the business.
 We are honoring Glenn's legacy, and we will ultimately
 ensure healthier lives for patients everywhere.
 We have a strong leadership in place today,
 and they will help carry us into the future,
 And together with Bernard and Pascal and now Ruben, I share the conviction and confidence
 in our promising future.
 I want to hand the call back to you Bernard.
 Thank you, direct. Thank you, my friend, for your leadership and also the incredible
 moment we add all of us together when we decide in less than one hour that the
 future was together, and that was only two years ago. So I am also confident that we
 We can make the difference and we have now an incredible connection between people and
 tremendous opportunities to provide great solutions
 for our customer.
 so
 With that, Pascal, you have the frog.
 Thank you, Bernard.
 Hello, everyone.
 I hope you are doing well and thank you for joining us today.
 But turning to our financial results, the strong business momentum we experienced throughout
 but the year continue into the first quarter.
 in the performance well aligned with our guidance.
 So let's start with the Q4 top lines.
 over your comparisons.
 Total revenue grew 10% to 1,370,000,000 above our 7% to 9% range.
 The software revenue also grew 10% and all organically.
 License and other revenues rose 15% to $348 million,
 well above the guidance, and we are back to 2019 levels.
 Subscription and support revenue increase 8%, driven by the high double-gigit subscription
 growth, reflecting strong midi data performance, but also the 3D experience momentum.
 And the recurring revenue represents 72% of the software revenue.
 Looming on services.
 services was up 10% and we achieved a services growth margin of 27.1%. Substantially better
 compared to last year, and it's coming mainly from the effort we made to improve the efficiency
 when we were in the middle of the pandemic, I would say 18 months ago.
 From a profitability standpoint, in the fourth quarter, we deliver a Q4, a strong operating
 margin of 36.8%.
 This was well-aligned with our guidance of 36.4.
 taking into account the currency impacts of 40 basis points. EPS grew 17% to
 $0.29 compared to our guidance of $0.27 to $0.28.
 A few words on the headcount, it's an important topic.
 I know you have questions usually on this.
 So in terms of headcount, we are well-lined with our objectives.
 We saw a strong eye ring activity again in Q4,
 and the lower attrition.
 And overall, Edcon grew 4% and research and development was up 6%.
 So I think given our track record of innovation and our mission-driven culture, we are confident
 in our ability to continue to attract and retain top talents over the mid to long term.
 And this is still a priority for 2022.
 Let's us take a deep dive into our revenue performance first.
 and let's zoom on the software revenue by Geo.
 The Americas grows 7% during the fourth quarter, driven by solid-subscription growth, which
 which is definitely a key trend in North America.
 In 2021, the region benefited from strong performance
 in high tech, transportation and mobility
 and life sciences at large.
 And now, America represents 38% of the total software revenue.
 Europe increased 10% thanks to strong residencies throughout the regions and in 2021, transportation
 and mobility and industrial equipment grow double-digit.
 Europe represented 37% of software revenue in 2021.
 Asia rose 12%, driven by market expansion in Japan, India, and South-East of Asia.
 And in 2021, China grew 19% and Asia at large represent 25% of the software revenue.
 Let's see if you work on the product line performance.
 industrial innovation software,
 revenue rose 8% to $682.3 million in Q4.
 This growth has been driven specifically by Cimulia and Delmia, where the growth is exceeding
 the double digits and it's mainly due to a large part to large client wins we did in
 Thank you for.
 Inovia showed also strong subscription growth, which is against a new trend, and I think
 I think the subscription model is relatively suitable for all the collaborative set of
 solution we have.
 And Katia, finally, is back to 2019 levels.
 so I think we are, again, on our trajectory.
 Life Sciences software revenue reached 245.1 million in Q4, an increase of nine percent.
 We did attack rule over 15% on the back of a strong comparison base, if you remember.
 And we continue to see a very good momentum across the MediaData portfolio, including
 midi-data RAFE, the core products, midi-data AI,
 knows diversification in the analytics and artificial intelligence and mediated a passion
 which is the facto standard for the decentralized clinical trial.
 This momentum is also visible across the hand markets we are serving,
 So not only the pharmaceutical and biology companies, but also the contract research
 Organization and the Medical Devices Company.
 So we saw high WG growth in attach rate
 against this quarter, which is extremely important,
 because not only we are capturing new customers,
 but we are growing inside those customers.
 From a product line perspective, we saw strong media data performance was partially offset
 someone by the lowest and expecting bio-VR revenue.
 This was driven by the delay of two large renewals, but we expect to sign both renewals
 doing the first half so it's really a temporary impact. If we step back a
 a little bit, you know, we are one year after we have decided to create the life science
 engagement model, which is nothing more than combining all the different
 the capability and resources we have to address this market.
 And this has been done through the leadership of the media data management team, especially
 Michael pray and for that Michael thank you you did extremely well and now we
 And we are confident that this being in place, with the strategy we have to provide life
 science industry an end-to-end solution that connects dots between ideation,
 development, manufacturing, commercialization, almost what we did in other industries like
 like I own space decades ago.
 I think it's pretty unique on the marketplace,
 And we will make the differentiations.
 Moving now on to the mainstream innovations,
 Software revenue rose 14% to 312.2 million in Q4.
 Solid works first, delivers a strong result
 with software revenue growing.
 high single digits, and we continue to see
 adoptions of our 3D experience works family,
 one of the cloud-based solutions during this period.
 Centric Prelim is performing extremely well.
 with high double digits, I should say close to triple digits, revenue growth, and not
 Not only it's delivering the numbers, but in terms of the key PIs, we are now reaching
 more than 550 customers, representing more than 4,500 brands, and with an extreme high
 and level of satisfactions.
 Not only it's true in the fashion industry,
 But since almost two years, Centric PLM
 thanks to Chris Wolf, is expanding into new verticals such as food and beverage,
 cosmetic and personal care, and other consumer segments.
 So, again, very pleased by this move and it's paying off.
 Good result is also when the strategy is working.
 And as you know, we have two KPIs to measure this.
 The first one is the drag coming from the 3D experience and for the full year, for 2021,
 The 3D experience revenue goes 15%.
 driven by strong substitution growth.
 And now, it's account for 30% of the total software revenue,
 which is an increase of 200 basis pounds compared to last year.
 In 2021, the cloud revenue, which is the other one.
 KPI's, we have monitoring.
 increased 23%, driven by the continual length in life sciences, of course, but not only,
 load so and more and more by the 3D experiments.
 And Cloud, now account for 20% of our software revenue,
 had 200 basis points compared to last year.
 All the clients you know we have across all the sectors are transforming extremely rapidly
 and they are turning to the ASU system
 to help them to adopt new business model.
 Accelerate innovation embracing sustainability imperatives,
 putting consumer, patient and citizen
 at the center of experience.
 And our strategy is really to unedit those transformations
 with cloud native applications or cloud extension
 to an existing on-premise investment.
 And our 3D experience platform has been developed to make both.
 All those good results are also reflected into the cash flow.
 And for the fiscal year 2021, the cash flow from operation rose 30% year-over-year to
 to 1,613,000,000,000 which is converting 33% of the revenue to operating cash flow.
 Cache.
 Rich.
 a bit less than 3 billion, 2,980 million, an increase of 831 million versus an increase
 of 204 million last year.
 And finally, our net financial debt position at the end of the year decreased by a billion
 152 million to less than 900 million to be precise 890 million and it has to be compared
 with $2.4 billion we had in December 31st in 2020.
 Internet is putting us a year, more than a year, in fact,
 ahead of our schedule on our
 of Delivering Objectives.
 Now, to discuss the 2022 objectives, I'm very pleased to introduce Reuven Batman, our new
 chief financial officer, and as Bernard mentioned, Rouvain has played a vital role in integrating
 media data and it has been a real pleasure to work together for the last two years and
 successful partnership, I think.
 So, Hoover, we are delighted to have you with us.
 or when you have the thought.
 Thank you Pascal and hello everyone also from my side and before I would start to outline
 the financial objectives for 2022.
 I also want to share that I am thrilled and very happy to be here today with you in the
 in this new role.
 I really enjoyed the opportunity to meet with some of you already and learn from many colleagues
 the DASO systems, in particular, upaskars,
 is the acquisition of metadata.
 which, as you know, is completed more than two years ago.
 And now, with the successful integration,
 I'm looking forward to getting to know all of you
 at the broader investment community during this year.
 And I know we already have concrete plans to do that.
 So with this, let me turn to the full year of financials
 for 2022, our financial objectives.
 As discussed, we expect the broad-based dynamics we experienced in the fourth quarter and 2021
 continue into 2022.
 You're focused on driving durable,
 long-term growth.
 Our gross drivers are well established as highlighted by Bernan Pascal.
 First, we are enhancing our leadership position
 across our major plans.
 Second, we are accelerating the momentum between the experience and industry solution experiences
 and you're bringing new customers as well expanding
 within our installed base.
 And third, we are focused on delivering new experience
 and value with cloud.
 So we will continue the momentum of metadata and metadata
 patient cloud. We will also expand the user base with the 3D experience works family in
 the mainstream market and deliver new value at scale with large enterprise partnerships
 Like what you see happening with Renault,
 or weak construction.
 Now, with this in mind, we are targeting for full year 2022 total revenue growth of 9 to
 to 10% and software revenue grows in the same range.
 When thinking about our software revenue growth,
 Let's keep in mind that last year,
 we had a very strong year of license growth,
 is 23% year-in-year, which brought us back
 ahead of 2019 levels.
 And now for this year, we expect to continue healthy double-ditch growth at around 10 of
 up to 12%, which reflects continued strong demand within our installed base.
 This trend is more in line with what we saw in our performance in the fourth quarter.
 We anticipate recurring software revenue to increase by 9 to 9.5 percent.
 an acceleration of 100 to 150 basis points
 versus last year.
 Driven by continued momentum and subscription growth with cloud and solid improvement in
 support revenue, also resulting from the very good license cross we experienced throughout
 last year.
 For services revenue, we are projecting to grow between 8% to 9% reflecting the increased
 activity levels of delivering innovation to our clients across all segments with solid
 performance. From a profitability perspective, this past year we demonstrated the long-term
 scale a bit.
 long-term scalability inherent to our business model.
 As we said, through out 2021,
 We plan to accelerate investments into our business
 and re-engage in activities which were impeded by the pandemic.
 accelerating the growth in our workforce
 in line with our long-term plan is our top priority.
 And as such, we anticipate the non-IFS operating margin
 to be in the range of 32.7 to 33.1%.
 Again, this is consistent with our prior communication.
 Now, let me continue with our proposed objectives for earnings per share.
 We expect a non-IFRS EPS to grow between 3-6%, reaching 1 euro at the high end.
 This EPS guidance assumes a tax rate in line with 2021 levels of about 23.2 percent.
 financial objectives assume a euro to US dollar conversion of 1.17.
 Now I will provide some additional color
 on what to expect for Q1.
 As you are aware, our business has some seasonality
 and we expect to see growth rate progressing throughout the year.
 We expect Q1-
 want total revenue growth of 7% to 9% with software revenue
 increasing in the same range and services revenue up 5% to 7% driven by continued broad
 based momentum across our Geos.
 We expect the operating margin at a range of 32.3 to 33% with an EPS growth of 3 to 7%
 versus last year.
 As you heard from us, during this call,
 They are confident in their long-term opportunity ahead.
 and we look forward to keeping you appraised of our progress
 throughout the year.
 and now Pascal, I'll hand the call back to you.
 Thank you, Reverend, so to summarize, I think the stage is set for the future of growth.
 On one hand, our long-term strategic vision has been validated, investment we made ten
 years ago to an end the experience economy are paying off and whatever you
 take the platform, the virtual twin experiences, the industry
 solution we have in the cloud.
 They are durable, competitive advantage.
 In parallel, that's what Bernard said.
 we are helping our clients also to transform
 to a sustainable economy.
 And this is becoming an affordable and significant opportunity
 to deepen and expand our partnership and our impact.
 This, if you combine the two, will
 be a strong circular driver to underpinning growth across all the three sectors of the
 economy we are serving.
 In addition to this, I think we have the right leadership
 in place to execute against the tremendous opportunity
 before us and our commitment to clients to drive our strategy will continue and we thank
 them for their continued trust.
 So finally, I think Ruben and I will be extremely pleased to see you in person, but we will
 have the ability to go back on the road, but I think it has been so long when we haven't
 seeing each other.
 I think Bernard Rouven, it's Tarek, of course.
 You, maybe it's time to take the questions.
 Alpreta
 Thank you.
 Dear participants, well, now
 .
 Now begin the question and answer session, as a reminder if you wish to ask a question
 Please press star and one on your telephone keypad and wait for a name to be announced.
 The first question comes from Nicolas David from Odo BHF. Please ask your question.
 Yes, hi. Good afternoon, Bernan.
 Pascal and Overn, like as well, obviously.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 My first one is regarding license is gross.
 You anticipate a double-digit growth of licenses in 2022.
 so far as a second year in a row.
 So congrats for that, because I think that was an ambition to sustain such a growth, the
 but she goes off licensees.
 My first question is, do you think that such growth is sustainable beyond 22?
 And if so, also do you think that this improved growth trend in licenses is more linked to
 the momentum of your product cycle, so internal to your company, or more link to the consequences
 of the entire crisis we're just living right now,
 and it's more a macro impact you are benefiting of.
 And my second question is still regarding licenses
 the cells. Several software players, including some of your competitors, mentioned that the
 difficulties the clients have had in hiring have led to some delays in launching projects
 and having negative impact on license sales.
 So my question is, to what extent you may have this kind,
 You may suffer from this kind of impact regarding your license
 cells in the coming quarters.
 Thank you.
 Ovan, you want to take the first one?
 Yeah, happy to, happy to. Yeah, so I think the best way to conceptualize this, Nikola,
 Thank you for the question.
 is, yes, we had in 2021,
 very strong license performance is 23% for the full year.
 And of course, this was versus a lower comparable base in 2020.
 Q4 of 15% growth against, I think, a good comparability.
 Q4 of 2020, we saw the rebound starting to happen.
 And so it was a real proof point for us in the fourth quarter
 to achieve double-digit code.
 And that trend is what we continue to forecast into 2022
 was 10% to 12%.
 And I think the sources of growth for that supports that
 underpins this assumption
 is that
 You know, we have well established an operating model
 between CapEx and OPEX for our customers.
 We are serving industries where we have significant installed bases that are transforming to the
 cloud to the subscription model, but it will take time and we are committed to support
 our customers and support them in a way where their preferences are in terms of how they
 to spend and make the investment.
 You know, these are very sticky investments, very long-term relationships where our customers
 are capitalizing on their investments for decades.
 Let it be continued to innovate and further try value.
 And I think with the 3D experience and the power by extension that we deliver, we make
 these
 investment also really valuable and ready for the future.
 future. On the second part of the question Pascal, if I may, is the client
 an iron challenge having an impact on our license.
 we see it the total opposite way.
 Because the nature of our audience is changing.
 For years, we've been on we continue to focus on engineering,
 production, but now we've just re-experienced that form.
 We also reach supply management costing
 on many other functions within the company.
 The example Adreno is really amazing in terms of size at Toyota Motor also and many other
 of clients that I could name.
 So the intent with the platform phenomenon,
 3D experience platform is to reach audience that we could not reach before.
 As a matter of fact, you know, the 3D experience
 Collaborative environment is now being used by clients to evaluate materials, cost, weight,
 weight, supply efficiency, all based on the three universe, not on number of
 dashboards, but on the real product itself or the way you produce it.
 So we see this as a long-lasting growth factor, and Pascal mentioned that it's noticeable
 in, even with our business applications that we call our under the category of Inovia,
 where we deliver business experiences
 for program management, project management, costing,
 even for ESG reporting.
 or CO2 reporting, because the platform has this capability in short.
 So we don't see the negative effect.
 That's very clear. Thank you. And maybe one very quick follow-up from my side is when it
 that you increase salaries to reduce attrition a bit,
 But do you think that you will need also to increase the volume of shares granted to employees
 in order to reduce further the attrition, so any insight about it?
 I think we are.
 ship.
 Yeah.
 Peace, peace be upon you.
 the vice chairman of the board, because that's not on the budget side, it's on the shoulder
 I don't know if I can tell you what I'm talking about.
 No, we have, I think we have a very stable, predictable portfolio of allocation and we
 think that it provides a good, compelling incentive for people, and we created this together
 model last year, which was really to provide an option for people to buy shares at a certain
 and discount on guarantee the result over a certain number of years versus success fully
 successful program, but we integrated that allocation as part of the overall policy,
 So there is no deviation, I would say.
 Pascal, did you want to add something?
 Well, you know, Nicolai, it's not the first time we discuss this.
 I think we are extremely, we have a lot of discipline on this.
 Why so? Because if you want this to be a long-term and not only a one-off,
 you need to integrate it in your business model.
 If I compare with the competitors or the peers, usually they allocate an envelope which could
 be sometimes three times bigger.
 However, I think it's not sustainable over the time,
 Especially if you look at, at the end, how much of the operating profit goes through this.
 I think, do your job, do the sanity check, you will see, it's balance, it's fair, it's
 and sustainable and that's basically our philosophy and our principle so you
 code contenders to continue what we did in the same manner.
 That's clear. Thank you and congrats for the impressive set of results.
 Thank you, Nikola.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from Charles Brennan from Jeffries.
 Please ask your question.
 Great, good afternoon, thanks for taking my question, hopefully a second time, lucky.
 the industry was seeing this cloud momentum gather pace and it's referenced in your statement
 with some of your legacy customers moving to the cloud.
 So I was wondering if I could ask four questions related
 to the cloud. The first of which is just in terms of your product portfolio, can you
 remind us how much is native cloud versus available on the cloud via
 extensions. Secondly, I think you've traditionally said that the move to the
 cloud or growth in the cloud would be largely incremental to your core business, but certainly
 this morning you were talking about product lines like a navier and solid
 works moving to the cloud. Those are both traditional license product lines and I'm
 I'm just wondering if we're starting to get to the stage where you're starting to see
 the traditional licenses cannibalized by the cloud.
 Thirdly, it feels like some of your competitors are being a little bit more progressive in
 driving this agenda.
 I'm just wondering what it would take for you
 to be a little bit more proactive in enforcing a shift
 to the clouds.
 you're obviously doing that in the life sciences vertical
 I guess Reuven's well-placed to manage a more progressive cloud transition.
 I'm just wondering what the catalyst would be for you to go down that route and very
 Lastly, on M&A, I guess traditionally we see a bigger transaction from Dassault every
 a couple of years, I guess we must be getting into the window where we're due the next one.
 Should we assume that any future M&A from here will be of a cloud-based business model
 And is that one of the catalysts that's going to get you to the target of having 30% of
 the
 ...
 the revenues in the cloud. Thank you.
 Wow, we could do probably the rest of the call on your question.
 Charlie but then I want to take the first time I could comment on the
 product portfolio on the Pascal, of course, stepping.
 First of all, we have reached a point where,
 First of all, the cloud approach for us.
 Above all, is a way to reach new category of users.
 Second, the cloud approach for us is about providing new delivery systems for the capabilities
 we have, roles, process, and solution.
 Why?
 having browser native services.
 On mobile, tablets, and PCs is a big thing for the nature of software we do.
 on the Ikea story with 4 million users in a few months is an illustration exactly of
 that. It's all going through browser-based. Same as you mentioned, the
 short on the on the clinical trial okay but we are doing that also for design
 And we are doing that, and as a matter of fact, the portfolio in short has reached a point
 where...
 ...
 I know.
 There are more solutions, products and roles, on the cloud native than we have on-premise.
 However, I want to make sure it's clear.
 We love the on-premise.
 their programs on the on-premise will become private clouds.
 They will become absolutely private clouds.
 And we are going to do that.
 to do so with customers.
 In fact, we have started to do it for a highly sensitive program.
 because the value of doing that is so well-recognized
 by clients.
 So we value this.
 hybridation
 to reach new audience and provide really a 3D for all approach
 approach
 That will make the difference and accelerate the platform phenomena across all functions.
 If you think about people now doing supply negotiation,
 In the past, they were using ERP dashboards.
 now they are looking at the product itself
 and they have the price on the part
 and they know where it's sourced from.
 It's a new world from there.
 We do metaverse before metaverse.
 because they see what's happening.
 So, enough said, but I don't see cannibalization.
 I see massive complementarity on that point.
 And just to echo what you say, Berna,
 you were mentioned in Edovia.
 Again, you still have time to understand
 what Inovia is about today.
 And Ovia is not anymore on the list of product lifecycle management capabilities.
 It's, as Bernard said, it's a set of business applications, you know, allowing the procurement
 to source, to cost, to negotiate, to contract, allowing
 program manager to run their program, to do their review, to manage their
 supply chain. This is what we are talking about and it's an extension compared to what
 we used to do. So that's just an example. And on solidworks, we are talking about the
 The works family, we are not talking only about solid works.
 The works family, you have similar works, you have delmia works, you have inovia works
 And those set of services are not well-deployed in the mainstream market right now.
 By the way, under Vox family, they are all cloud, there is no on-premise anymore.
 All of that.
 So, that's the reason why, you know, it's really an extension and it's still an extension
 compared to there is maybe some overlap but it's quite limited now coming back
 to what could be the shift to force the subscription model but that's not our
 our way of thinking.
 We are here to serve our customers.
 to transform them and to evolve their business model.
 So what is the point to impose your business model when
 It's not aligned with your customer's business model.
 Knowing I'm not a customer is not a business model.
 At the end, license or subscription, we are doing good profitability with both.
 you will notice.
 So I think our thinking process is much more the transformation of what we do will lead
 automatically to a subscription model for many things we do, but we want to do it in
 in concert with a lot of alignment with our customers.
 That's, I think, making a big difference compared
 to many of our competitors.
 And last but not least, the question related to M&A.
 Yeah.
 I mean, you notice that we will be the leverage almost in
 six months from now, which gives us the ability to do other moves if we want.
 The cloud is not, I would say, the purpose.
 The purpose is really to expand what we do, having the ability to expand the addressable
 the market and maybe change the nature of what we do.
 For example, if we want to focus on the data centricity of our solutions and technology,
 For sure, the cloud is probably the way to do it.
 But again, it's a means, it's not the goal.
 So that's what I can say at this stage.
 It's probably too early to speak about it, and maybe, I don't know, at the time of the
 Capital Market Day, in June we could probably discuss much more openly to this topic.
 Perfect.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you, John.
 Next question, please.
 Thank you.
 The question comes from Jay Vlish-Hauer from Griffin Securities.
 Please ask your question.
 Thank you.
 I'll ask all my questions at the same time, just giving me the time remaining on the call.
 First, could you talk about the performance in 2021 and what your expectations might be
 for 2022 with respect to your two principal sales channels, which you now call CSE and
 It's CPE.
 formerly BT and BS of course, could you comment on those two channels and anything you might
 be doing to invest in or alter, perhaps, either of those channels.
 Secondly, one thing we see among a number
 of your principal competitors is an implementation
 We'll plan to implement a faster product release cadence.
 We see this both in CAD and field.
 them for a chapel.
 and i'm wondering if
 in lieu of your historical summer and winter releases
 that you've done for many, many years,
 There might be some rationale for accelerating your product
 release cadence, particularly in alignment
 with your Cloudy business.
 Thirdly, on 3DX, one thing that seems to be occurring is that within the overall 3DX number,
 while Anolia seems still to be the largest part of it as it's been other brands like
 that Katiya V6 are growing their contribution.
 if you could comment on that,
 And whether you think that brands other than Inovia might eventually account for the majority
 video.
 And lastly, on 3DxWorks, I understand it's still quite early, of course, only six quarters
 in market, but do you think that you have any visibility to penetrating, let's say,
 more than 10% of the solid work space.
 your 3DX works and thereby make it an increasingly
 the material business.
 Thank you.
 A few clarification, Pascal, if I may, I'm going to put, first of all, Dassault System
 is providing not any more functionalities, but we are providing roles, processes on industry
 solutions. So, when we deliver roads, there is a price on the roads, there is a price
 on the process to do the job. We do it by industry and industry segment. This is unique
 on no one of the computers are doing that.
 So, it's important to understand it.
 The second thing is, and then I will let Pascal comment on the general performance.
 The second remark is we do six weeks cadence delivery on the cloud.
 So, Jay, please notice that for a large percentage of our install base, we are already there.
 six weeks, the world is getting new capabilities and it's working extremely well with an SLE
 which is very high on providing satisfaction.
 Some large companies are already there.
 We have taken the example of BWIG, it's all cloud, 100%.
 Renault for 3D collaborative environment suppliers is all cloud.
 Every six weeks, it's updated.
 So we are already with this in a big way.
 all cloud up following that cadence.
 So I think we are faster than most of the other players
 on that standpoint.
 So just a topic for clarification.
 On last three marks, we don't count.
 We don't count Katya on the 3D experience like
 or sub-scanon or one can explain more.
 We count Katia for Katia.
 We count Delmia for Delmia.
 each bronze for what they are,
 no matter if they are independent,
 or if they are based on the 3D experience platform.
 So we continue to keep that integrity
 in the way we report.
 Now, last thing about the 3D experience works.
 It should be noticed that outside so it works.
 Everything new is native cloud.
 Simulia World is native cloud.
 on only cloud for Solidov's customers.
 And we have also now a full suite of solid works
 functionalities that are delivered on a browser on this
 explains the incredible success of cloud in China.
 we leave it or not.
 more than in every other countries because I think in China we have the approval to run
 and cloud, our own licenses, and really distribute it in a big way.
 So that's all what I wanted to clarify, and Pascal, maybe you want to put some more on
 on the channel, maybe I can see if you work.
 So first of all, you know, the best way to assess the performance of the channel is
 ready to look at the incremental revenue and the license is still probably a good
 indicator across all the different engagement model, right?
 So if you if you follow me on this all of them are growing higher than 20%
 So, when I say it's a broad base, it's really a broad base and it's what we call the process
 channel which has the best performance in terms of new license this year in 2021.
 So, by being much more close to 30 than 20%.
 So and it's not a surprise when you think about it because during the pandemic
 The direct sales resisted relatively well, the mainstream, the theory also, but the process,
 set the supply chain where really the one being under pressure and we have been able
 to almost catch up the lack in 2020 and 2021.
 I think we are relatively on a good path.
 To complement what Bernard said on the Swedish experience,
 distributed across all the browns.
 You have to be a little bit careful.
 This is true that for Inovia, almost two-thirds of the revenue of Inovia is really experience-based,
 I'm going to teach this sir, Mordana sir for Delmia also for Ketia.
 So it's not the only one.
 Okay.
 If I may quickly, my annual question on SOLIDWORKS unit volume, my calculation is that it looks
 Just like your 2021 SOLIDWORKS new commercial seed volume was similar to, perhaps slightly
 better than where you were in 2019, so perhaps just around 76,000 or so, and not quite back
 to where you were in 2018 just yet.
 This is true, but with one big difference,
 the average seed price increase, which
 means we are more and more capable to enrich the package.
 And one of the reasons you should remember, Jay, I would say 60% of the units are coming
 from existing customers.
 So they are the one not buying anymore, the base package, they are the one buying the full package.
 That's basically the reason why also you have such a growth. It's a combination of units and average in value
 Okay.
 Okay. Also, by the way, thank you for the headcount and hiring comments.
 that's always useful on the site.
 Thank you Jeff.
 By the way, you will have a neighbor because Rouven family is still in New York for a few
 month, and he will probably fly to New York in the coming weeks.
 That's right.
 Great.
 Great, I'll pick you up at the airport.
 Okay, maybe later for coffee.
 Next question, please.
 Thank you.
 When it comes to a line of meals tiered from Redburn, please ask your question.
 Hi, thanks very much.
 just have a couple of quick ones.
 But the first one is just looking at sales and marketing expenses, and I suppose the
 effects cost ratios in general. Quite clearly, as we've gone through the pandemic, because
 of travel and also hiring.
 you're running with thousand marketing
 at around about 300 to 400 basis points below
 where we were sort of pre-pandemic.
 I'm just wondering, would you expect over the next couple of years for that to pick up to
 closer to the sort of 29-30% cost ratio that we've seen in the past or are there
 structural reasons as to why henceforth thousand marketing should be at sort of a structural
 level. That's the first question.
 Neil Pascal will answer to these questions.
 So, you know, as the Chief Operating Officer,
 I learned something during the pandemic.
 We have been capable to grow without having more resources.
 And believe it or not, we have increased dramatically the productivity.
 If I compare to 19, it's per head, per cell's people, it's more than 11%.
 So why I'm seeing this?
 because it's gonna be a combination
 between, obviously, more resources.
 because we need to reinforce the coverage we have
 in certain regions of the world or certain verticals.
 At the same time, I still believe we can continue to improve the productivity, maybe
 Maybe not at this level every year, but at least a few percentage points, it's probably
 something we could be able to achieve.
 So, and this will give probably the ability for us to finance a different go-to market
 Because we are talking about the traditional one, but there are activities where we need
 to invest because it's a different way to go to market.
 It's still embryonic and we still need to invest.
 So the net is it will not be maybe not have a big difference.
 However, we have some lever to extend the different nature of the go-to packet we have.
 That's probably the way we can get it.
 Yep.
 So just to clarify, you're suggesting that we will see quite an over the next couple of
 year sales and marketing cost ratio will go back up, but perhaps not back up to the 30%
 level or are you suggesting it's more sustainable at the sort of 25-26% level?
 No, no, it would increase because, as I say to you,
 we did not hire almost one single person each one last year.
 Okay.
 I mean, it's not sustainable.
 However, if you do the math, you have
 to include some productivity effects,
 because we had some productivity the last two years.
 And now it's part of my duty to make sure
 that we grow the coverage, but at the same time, we are also improving the productivity.
 Okay, thank you.
 And just zeroing in on life sciences,
 We've obviously taken all of the commentary together with regards to the growth in meditation
 and so forth.
 It looks as though the softness that you saw in Q4 was quite clearly with the original
 and Accelerate Physicines.
 Is that a little bit surprising? That's more on the discovery side. I think they're product
 set and have you actually signed the deferral there or is that sort of if you
 like a permanent deferral and you'll never fully recover that revenue as we go through
 to the 2020, 2022 year.
 Yeah, I'm happy to, so, you know, the impact that we had in the fourth quarter is temporary.
 These are two renewals that we are actively working on to close in, I would say, early
 2020.
 Do have
 It could be the first quarter, it could be the second quarter, yeah.
 These are two major customers of ours where we have established relationships and it's
 only a question of time.
 I think the other part that I would like to add to the Bayouvia business as well and
 Life Sciences.
 And we are also aggressively transforming biovia towards a more subscription model than what
 it used to be because it was heavily dependent on licenses and that creates some variability
 from time to time. So that's another factor that we will talk about through 2022.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you, Neil.
 One final question, please go on Nadia.
 Yes, of course, the last final question comes from Ron of Jason Salino from KBCM.
 Please ask a question.
 Great.
 Thanks for fitting me in.
 a couple quick ones on a couple of the brands.
 First, on Similia, you know, it's nice to see double-digit growth there.
 been doing quite well for the past few quarters from what I can remember.
 You know, so my question here is, you know, is the strength we're seeing, you know, from
 shared...
 gains versus the simulation competitive market or is it more in a broader industry strength
 recovery, you know, from that.
 Simulia, I think what is because there are two major factors
 where, basically, we create a game changer of situation.
 Number one, on the SolidWorks install base, customer way to use our competitor product
 on this top.
 Now we are offering cloud-based simulia.
 Extremely successful.
 easier to provision and to put in operation and it has created a very nice dynamic in
 the what we call the works. I mean, John Paolo is doing a very great job, Paolo Basci
 on this topic, in fact, is going to work on the full works
 family and not only SolidWorks, and we have just announced that the new CEO of SolidWorks
 is Manish Bhuma, but John Paolo is taking the full scope responsibility for 3D Expanded
 works.
 All right.
 One driver on the second one is multi-physical platform-based integration, which is connecting
 you know, the power flow, the EMAG, the stress, and all of this together in a consistent
 environment.
 a lot of customers moving from isolated simulation to integrated system simulation.
 I think it's unstoppable in my mind and we have plenty of opportunities to continue to
 of sustainable growth in this area.
 Perfect.
 One quick final one, you know, SOLIDWORKS, maybe earlier in 2021, had some pretty robust
 growth, you know, possibly from an append of demand, you know, this quarter, 8% growth,
 you know, feels quite good, normal, maybe close to what we were seeing pre-pandemic.
 You know, is that the right way to think about the SOLIDWORKS business, you know, normalizing
 and these levels.
 I think so.
 You're right.
 I mean, if you remember, SolidWorks was really the first product line to recover.
 And there is no base effects compared to that here.
 And 8%, 8 to 9 is a good number.
 Okay, perfect.
 Thank you all and have a good afternoon.
 Thank you everyone for participating. It's always a great pleasure to exchange with you
 and address your questions, and I know that Pascal and Ruben are now committed to do road
 and visit you as quickly as possible, as soon as possible,
 but not fully face-to-face.
 With that, thank you very much.
 Enjoy your day and talk to you soon.
 Let us conclude have a conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect. Have a nice day
 Thank you for watching.
 Have a great day.
 Thank you.
 Bye.
 Let us conclude have a conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect. Have a nice day