 Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the SolSystem 2021 4th quarter and 4-year earnings presentation call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation there will be the question and answer session. To ask a question during the session you will need to press star and 1 on your telephone keypad. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. If you require any further assistance over the phone, please press star and zero. I would now like to hand the conference over to our first speaker today, François Bordonado. Please go ahead. Thank you, Nadia. Thank you for joining us on our 4th quarter and fiscal year 2021 earnings conference call with Bernard Charless, Vice Chairman and CEO, Pascal Dalloz, Chief Operating Officer, and Ruben Bergman, Chief Financial Officer. Will also join us, Tarek Sherif, Chairman, Dassault System Life Sciences and Healthcare. Dassault System's results are prepared in accordance with IFRS. Most of the financial figures discussed on this conference call are on a non-IFRS basis with revenue growth rate in constant currency unless otherwise noted. Some of our comments on this call contain forward-looking statements which could differ materially from actual results. Please refer to today's press release and the risk factors section of our 2020 Universal Registration Document. All earnings materials are available on our website and these prepared remarks will be available shortly after this call. Bernard, the floor is yours. Thank you very much, François-José. Good morning and good afternoon to all of you. And thank you for joining us. It's always a pleasure to review our full-year results with you. We had an excellent 2021 year with a strong finish to the year. The total revenue rose 11% for the year, driven by a broad-based demand across our end markets, the majority of which are growing double-digit, by the way. Our strategic growth drivers performed well. 3D Experience Revenue increased 15%, with cloud revenue rising 23%. Our 3D Experience platform has been a competitive advantage, driving new client wins. The cloud is about inclusiveness and providing additional value to clients. Earning per share increased 26% thanks to good revenue growth on high profitability. For 2022, we have set the target for 9% to 10% top-line growth. As you can see, we have delivered very good results. But more importantly, we have the key elements in place to support sustainable growth. Our technology app, changing the game for clients across our three major sectors of the economy. We are expanding our footprint, deepening existing partnerships, and adding new clients. We have invested in our team, establishing the next generation of leaders. The stage is set, therefore, for a good future. Now, I'd like to share some perspective on our vision and strategy for the coming years. You remember 10 years ago, in February 2012, we unveiled a new brand identity for our company, the 3D Experience Company, on our corporate purpose, built around harmonizing product nature and life. Today, the significance of our strategy is clear. Our clients and partners have embraced the experience economy. They are transforming all sectors and industries with sustainability and human-centricity as central pillars of a new era. The experience economy, accelerated by the pandemic, triggers new categories of expectations, clearly, from citizens, passion, consumers, even workers. This is apparent in our everyday life. Tomorrow's mobility is no longer a matter of vehicles. It's a matter of desirable, sustainable mobility experiences. Tomorrow's healthcare is much more than therapeutics. It's about the passion journey on precision medicine. Tomorrow's cities are not only a collection of buildings, streets, and facilities. It's about quality of life and quality of service. As a consequence, all our clients need to reimagine their offer. Our answer is the systematic use of virtual twin experience based on modeling, simulation, on real-world evidence in this merger between the virtual and the real world. Our ambition, therefore, is to help our clients imagine, create, produce experiences for their own clients. Unlike metaverse, we use virtual world, 3D virtual world experiences, to improve the real world. Only then the possibility of harmonizing product nature and life will emerge. I believe that the innovators of tomorrow's, and we see them, have to think in terms of universes. They are, that is to say, in terms of organic systems of systems that create, produce, and play experience in a circular economy. With the 3D experience platform, we are creating this, if we look, we can provide this holistic view, combining value creation on value experienced, design on usage, to cover the full experience life cycle. We can extend virtual twin experiences across universes. It's about continuity of the what, the offer, the how, how you make it, and the use of it by people. This is a new revolutionary approach to innovation. It's in some way the next generation of PLN. As we have done in the past with the early adopter, we will pave the way for the future across the three sectors of the economy we serve. Let's quickly look at implications, for example, in life sciences. Clinical research has moved beyond the hospitals and labs. As more and more technology is used to decentralize trials, the entire clinical trial experience is transformed for all people involved. Passions can now participate in a trial from anywhere, and especially from home. Doctors and researchers can now collect more data in different ways. If we connect the dots across clinical trial data, real-world data, on research and development, we can close the loop and make precision medicine a reality. As a consequence, elevate the passion journey. That's how system will be the only one capable of supporting end-to-end solutions in life sciences. The ongoing advancement toward a sustainable economy will mark this century also. We can reveal some of the dynamics we see progressing. I think it's clear that our passion for science-based, people-centered innovation and the commitment we have for our very loyal clients is really a catalyst of that transformation. Let's have a few illustrations of how we are enabling such kind of transformation today. And I think from there you will see a lot of good reasons to believe. In the consumer industry, we have a very successful partnership with IKEA. With the 3D Experience By Me platform Kitchen Planner on the cloud, IKEA is enabling customers to use virtualization to design their own dream kitchens. The pandemic has led individuals to invest in their homes and has acted as an accelerator for e-commerce. The 3D Experience By Me platform Kitchen Planner has allowed IKEA to take full advantage of these trends. In some way, the By Me kitchen platform was used by one million people only a few months after being deployed. And today has reached over 4 million users, making it the most popular 3D consumer application in the world. This is the cloud advantage, but it's also the mobile advantage. In mobility, another sector of the industry, Pirelli is pursuing increasingly challenging goals in terms of sustainability, working on innovative materials, on cutting-edge production processes. They have selected smart tires on the 3D experience platform. They will leverage the capability of the virtual twin to foster innovation, reduce cost, increase circularity, and, of course, reduce time to market through simulation and modular design. It's great to be part of Pirelli's adventure to move everyone forward through technological and social progress. In the healthcare, I could take the example of Perigo because the healthcare affordability is becoming essential. Today, the cost of healthcare is growing twice as fast as the overall economy. Perigo, a 130-year-old company, has been improving passion lives with affordable self-care products. The company is deploying several of our solutions. For example, License to Cure, Perfect Formulation, Perfect Package, on our 3D Experience platform. As you noticed, you are not describing the function. We are describing the value even in the way we name our solutions. Their goal is to increase efficiency, quality, and time to market. We are very pleased to help Perigo have this positive impact. I guess they are very positive, too. Now, you have some proof points. It's plain to see virtual twin experiences powered by the 3D Experience platform helping all our customers evolve and transform. We recently celebrated our 40th anniversary at Dassault System. Two generations of innovators have revealed the power of virtual worlds to imagine, create disruptive innovation. And this is a fact in all sectors we serve. Now, we are focused on our next horizon, 2040. Our objective is to be the leader in sustainable innovation and to continue to position our clients at the vanguard of progress across manufacturing industries, life science on healthcare, as well as infrastructure on cities. To support our long-term initiatives, we have established a next generation of executive leadership. I am so happy to have Pascal Dalloz now fully focused on his mission as chief operating officer to connect all the dots on elevate and expand the value we provide to our clients, on power a new generation of leaders along the lines that I just described. At the same time, I am equally delighted to welcome Reuven Berman to the executive committee of Dassault System as chief financial officer. Reuven has played a critical role in integrating metadata. He has held the COO and CFO titles and brings a mastering of financial matters related to software on cloud business model. Reuven, it's wonderful to have you here. Thank you for being here and giving us more time to meet with customers. Ultimately, all progress is human. Investing on our people and culture is at the core of what we do. Our M&A activities are driven by both innovation capabilities as well as talent. As you all know, after many years of observing this system, it has always been essential for us. We are focused on enabling teams to transform and reveal talents. When we acquired metadata in 2019, just two years ago, Tarek and his team, especially with Glenn, his buddy, created this incredible reason to believe that we could have a future together. I am extremely proud of the significant innovation, strong culture on leadership that metadata has brought to the life science sector. We have been able to integrate, scale rapidly, accelerate growth and deliver excellent results and above all, have fun being together. It's a great pleasure now to have online Tarek, my buddy, who is now the chairman of the life science sector on the scale for DASO system. And Tarek, would you like to say a few words? Thank you, Bernard. Thank you for the kind words. And it's really a pleasure to be with all of you today in my role. It's been a few years since I've been on an earnings call. And as you say, it's a lot of fun. So it's been more than two years since we announced coming together. And honestly, I can't be more excited about what we've been able to accomplish and the progress we've made since that time. It's been an incredibly challenging environment, as you all know. Integrations are never easy. And doing it on a global scale is even more difficult. And then doing it in the midst of a pandemic is even more difficult. But I would say that the integration has been a tremendous success. And I really want to thank Bernard and Pascal for all the support that they have given us and our teams. And I'd like to also thank you, our teams, who have come together focused on creating value for our customers and ultimately for patients. You know, our teams are delivering amazing innovation and execution to advance clinical trials and new treatments for patients during what's been an unprecedented time. And it feels like we're just getting started, given the tremendous opportunities that we see ahead of us. Our impact on improving the patient experience and scaling precision medicine has never been clearer. You know, at the end of the day, it's what Glenn and I always dreamed about. And we're convinced we would be able to do one day. And it's what brought us together as organizations in the first place. And it's becoming a reality. As many of you know, we suffered the tragic loss of Glenn DeVries, my best friend and our co-founder late last year. He helped transform our industry. And his vision has always been an inspiration for all of us. Glenn helped set the highest standards for MediData. And he drove us to innovate and solve the most complex problems with energy and creativity. And I am absolutely convinced that we will pursue progress in life sciences and healthcare with the same passion that he had. And we have an amazingly strong team to support that. By continuing to do everything we can do to support the business, we are honoring Glenn's legacy. And we will ultimately ensure healthier lives for patients everywhere. We have a strong leadership in place today. And they will help carry us into the future. And together with Bernard and Pascal, and now Ruben, I share the conviction and confidence in our promising future. I want to hand the call back to Bernard. Thank you, Derek. Thank you, my friend, for your leadership. And also the incredible moment we had, all of us together, when we decided in less than one hour that the future was together. And that was only two years ago. So I am also confident that we can make the difference. And we have now an incredible connection between people and tremendous opportunities to provide great solutions for our customers. So with that, Pascal, you have the floor. Thank you, Bernard. Hello, everyone. I hope you are doing well. And thank you for joining us today. So turning to our financial results, the strong business momentum we experienced throughout the year continue into the fourth quarter, resulting in the performance well aligned with our guidance. So let's start with the Q4 top line year-over-year comparisons. Total revenue grew 10% to 1,370,000,000, above our 7 to 9% range. The software revenue also grew 10% and all organically. License and other revenues rose 15% to 348,000,000, well above the guidance, and we are back to 2019 levels. Subscription and support revenue increased 8%, driven by the high double-digit subscription growth, reflecting strong metadata performance, but also the 3D experience momentum. And the recurring revenue represents 72% of the software revenue. Looming on services, services was up 10%, and we achieved a services gross margin of 27.1%, substantially better compared to last year. And it's coming mainly from the effort we made to improve the efficiency when we were in the middle of the pandemic, I would say 18 months ago. From a profitability standpoint, in the fourth quarter, we delivered a Q4, a strong operating margin of 36.8%. This was well aligned with our guidance of 36.4%, when taking into account the currency impacts of 40 basis points. EPS grew 17% to 29 cents, compared to our guidance of 27 to 28 cents. Few words on the headcount, it's an important topic. I know you have questions usually on this. So in terms of headcount, we are well aligned with our objectives. We saw a strong hiring activity again in Q4, and a lower attrition. And overall, headcount grew 4%, and research and development was up 6%. So I think given our track record of innovation and our mission-driven culture, we are confident in our ability to continue to attract and retain top talents over the mid to long term. And this is still a priority for 2022. Let us take a deep dive into our revenue performance first, and let's zoom on the software revenue by GEO. The Americas grew 7% during the fourth quarter, driven by solid subscription growth, which is definitively a key trend in North America. In 2021, the regions benefited from strong performance in high-tech, transportation and mobility and life sciences at large. And now, America represents 38% of the total software revenue. Europe increased 10%, thanks to a strong resiliency throughout the regions. And in 2021, transportation and mobility and industrial equipment grew double digits. Europe represented 37% of software revenue in 2021. Asia rose 12%, driven by market expansion in Japan, India and Southeast Asia. And in 2021, China grew 19%, and Asia at large represents 25% of the software revenue. Let's say a few words on the product line performance. Industrial innovation software revenue rose 8% to 682.3 million in Q4. This growth has been driven specifically by Simulia and Delmia, where the growth is exceeding the double digits. And it's mainly due to a large part to large client wins we did in Q4. Inovia showed also a strong subscription growth, which is, again, a new trend. And I think this subscription model is relatively suitable for all the collaborative set of solutions we have. And CATIA, finally, is back to 2019 levels, so I think we are, again, on our trajectory. Life Sciences' software revenue reached 245.1 million in Q4, an increase of 9%. MidiData grew over 15% on the back of a strong comparison base, if you remember. And we continue to see a very good momentum across the MidiData portfolio, including MidiData RAVE, the core products. MidiData AI, you know, the diversification in the analytics and artificial intelligence. And MidiData Passion Cloud, which is de facto standard for the decentralized clinical trial. This momentum is also visible in all the across the hand markets we are serving. So not only the pharmaceutical and biology companies, but also the contract research organization and the medical devices company. So we saw high double-digit growth in attach rate against this quarter, which is extremely important because not only we are capturing new customers, but we are growing inside those customers. From a product line perspective, we saw strong MidiData performance was partially offset someone by a lower than expecting BioVR revenue. This was driven by the delay of two large renewals, but we expect to sign both renewals during the first half, so it's really a temporary impact. If we step back a little bit, you know, we are one year after we have decided to create the life science engagement model, which is nothing more than combining all the different capabilities and resources we have to address this market. And this has been done through the leadership of the MidiData management team, especially Michael Prey. And for that, Michael, thank you. You did extremely well. And now we are confident that this being in place, with the strategy we have to provide life science industry an end-to-end solution that connects dots between ideation, development, manufacturing, commercializations, almost what we did in other industries like aerospace decades ago. I think it's pretty unique on the marketplace, and we will make the differentiation. Moving now on to the mainstream innovations, software revenue rose 14% to 312.2 million in Q4. SolidWorks first delivers strong results with software revenue growing high single digits, and we continue to see adoption of our 3DEXPERIENCE WORKS family, you know, the cloud-based solutions during this period. Centric Prelim is performing extremely well with high double-digit, I should say close to triple-digit revenue growth. And not only it's delivering the numbers, but in terms of KPIs, we are now reaching more than 550 customers, representing more than 4,500 brands, and with an extremely high level of satisfaction. Not only it's true in the fashion industry, but since almost two years, Centric PLM, thanks to Chris Growth, is expanding into new verticals such as food and beverage, cosmetic and personal care, and other customer-consumer segments. So, again, very pleased by this move, and it's paying off. Good result is also when the strategy is working, and as you know, we have two KPIs to measure this. The first one is the drag coming from the 3DEXPERIENCE, and for the full year, for 2021, the 3DEXPERIENCE revenue rose 15%, driven by strong substitution growth, and now it's accounted for 30% of the total software revenue, which is an increase of 200 basis pounds compared to last year. In 2021, the cloud revenue, which is the other one, KPIs we are monitoring, increased 23%, driven by the continual length in life sciences, of course, but not only, but also, and more and more by the 3DEXPERIENCE. And cloud, now account for 20% of our software revenue, had 200 basis pounds compared to last year. All the clients, you know, we have across all the sectors are transforming extremely rapidly, and they are turning to Dassault system to help them to adopt new business models, accelerate innovation, embracing sustainability imperatives, putting consumer, patient, and citizen at the center of experience. And our strategy is really to enable them those transformations with cloud-native applications, or cloud extension to an existing on-premise investment. And our 3DEXPERIENCE platform has been developed to make both. All those good results are also reflected into the cash flow. And for the fiscal year 2021, the cash flow from operations rose 30% year-over-year to 1,613,000,000,000, which is converting 33% of the revenue to operating cash flow. The cash reached a little bit less than $3 billion, $2,980,000,000, an increase of $831,000,000 versus an increase of $204,000,000,000 last year. And finally, our net financial debt position at the end of the year decreased by $1,152,000,000,000 to less than $900,000,000,000, to be precise, $890,000,000,000. And it has to be compared with the $2,4,000,000 we had in December 31st in 2020. This, in the net, is putting us a year, more than a year in fact, ahead of our schedule on our deleveraging objectives. Now, to discuss the 2022 objectives, I'm very pleased to introduce Reuven Bergman, our new Chief Financial Officer. And as Bernard mentioned, Reuven has played a vital role in integrating metadata, and it has been a real pleasure to work together for the last two years. And it's a successful partnership, I think. So, Reuven, we are delighted to have you with us. Reuven, you have the floor. Thank you, Pascal, and hello, everyone, also from my side. And before I would start to outline the financial objectives for 2022, I also want to share that I'm thrilled and very happy to be here today with you in this new role. I've really enjoyed the opportunity to meet with some of you already and learn from many colleagues at Dassault Systems, in particular, you, Pascal, since the acquisition of metadata. Which, you know, as you know, we've completed more than two years ago. And now, with the successful integration, I'm looking forward to getting to know all of you and the broader investment community during this year. And I know we already have concrete plans to do that. So, with this, let me turn to the full year financials for 2022, our financial objectives. As discussed, we expect the broad-based dynamics we experience in the fourth quarter and 2021 to continue into 2022. We are focused on driving durable, long-term growth. Our growth drivers are well-established as highlighted by Bernard and Pascal. First, we are enhancing our leadership position across our major brands. Second, we are accelerating the momentum with 3D experience and industry solution experiences. And we are winning new customers as well expanding within our installed base. And third, we are focused on delivering new experience and value with cloud. So, we will continue the momentum of MediData and MediData patient cloud. We will also expand the user base with the 3D experience works family in the mainstream market. And deliver new value at scale with large enterprise partnerships like what you see happening with Renault or Bouygues Construction. Now, with this in mind, we are targeting for full year 2022, total revenue growth of 9% to 10% and software revenue growth in the same range. When thinking about our software revenue growth, let's keep in mind that last year, we had a very strong year of license growth with 23% year on year, which brought us back ahead of 2019 levels. And now for this year, we expect to continue healthy double-digit growth at around 10% of up to 12%, which reflects continued strong demand within our installed base. This trend is more in line with what we saw in our performance in the fourth quarter. We anticipate recurring software revenue to increase by 9% to 9.5%, an acceleration of 100 to 150 basis points versus last year. Driven by continued momentum in subscription growth with cloud and solid improvement in support revenue, also resulting from the very good license growth we experienced throughout last year. For services revenue, we are projecting to grow between 8% to 9%, reflecting the increased activity levels of delivering innovation to our clients across all segments with solid margin performance. From a profitability perspective, this past year, we demonstrated the long-term scalability inherent to our business model. As we said throughout 2021, we plan to accelerate investments into our business and re-engage in activities which were impeded by the pandemic. Accelerating the growth in our workforce in line with our long-term plan is our top priority. And as such, we anticipate the non-IFRS operating margin to be in the range of 32.7% to 33.1%. Again, this is consistent with our prior communication. Now, let me continue with our proposed objectives for earnings per share. We expect non-IFRS EPS to grow between 3% to 6%, reaching €1 at the high end. This EPS guidance assumes a tax rate in line with 2021 levels of about 23.2%. Our financial objectives assume a Euro to US dollar conversion of 1.17%. Now, I will provide some additional color on what to expect for Q1. As you are aware, our business has some seasonality and we expect to see growth rates progressing throughout the year. We expect Q1 total revenue growth of 7% to 9%, with software revenue increasing in the same range and services revenue up 5% to 7%, driven by continued product-based momentum across our geos. We expect the operating margin at a range of 32.3% to 33%, with an EPS growth of 3% to 7% versus last year. As you heard from us during this call, we are confident in the long-term opportunity ahead and we look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress throughout the year. And now, Pascal, I'll hand the call back to you. Thank you, Rowan. So, to summarize, I think the stage is set for the future growth. On one hand, our long-term strategic vision has been validated. The investment we made 10 years ago to unend the experience economy are paying off. And whatever you take, the platform, the virtual twin experiences, the industry solution we have in the cloud, they are durable competitive advantage. In parallel, that's what Bernard said, we are helping our clients also to transform to a sustainable economy. And this is becoming an affordable and significant opportunity to deepen and expand our partnership and our impacts. This, if you combine the two, will be a strong circular driver to underpinning growth across all the three sectors of the economy we are serving. In addition to this, I think we have the right leadership in place to execute against the tremendous opportunity before us. And our commitment to clients to drive our strategy will continue and we thank them for their continued trust. So, finally, I think, Rowan and I will be extremely pleased to see you in person when we will have the ability to go back on the road. But I think it has been so long when we haven't seen each other. I think, Bernard, Rouven, Tarek, of course, you may be the time to take the questions. Operator? Thank you. The participants will now begin the question and answer session. As a reminder, if you wish to ask a question, please press star and one on your telephone keypad and wait for your name to be announced. The first question comes from the line of Nicolas David from Odo BHF. Please ask your question. Yes, hi. Good afternoon, Bernard, Pascal, and Rouven, and Tarek as well, obviously. Thank you for taking my question. My first one is regarding licenses growth. You anticipated double digit growth of licenses in 2022, so for the second year in a row. So, congrats for that because I think that was an ambition to sustain such a growth, double digit growth of licenses. My first question is, do you think that such growth is sustainable beyond 2022? And if so, also, do you think that this improved growth trend in licenses is more linked to the momentum of your product cycle, so internal to your company, or more linked to the consequences of the of the of the of the center crisis we just were living right now, and it's more a macro impact you are benefiting of. And my second question is, still regarding licenses and sales, several software players, including some of your competitors, mentioned that the difficulties the clients have had in hiring have led to some delays in launching projects, and having negative impact on license sales. So, my question is, to what extent you may have this kind, you may suffer from this kind of impact, regarding your license sales in the coming quarters? Thank you. Orvan, you want to take the first one? Yeah, happy to, happy to. Yeah. So, I think the best way to conceptualize this, Nicola, thank you for the question, is, yes, we had in 2021 very strong license performance with 23% for the full year. You know, of course, this was a lower comparable base in 2020. Q4 of 15% growth against, I think, a good comparability. You know, Q4 of 2020, we saw the rebound starting to happen. And so, it was a real proof point for us in the fourth quarter to achieve double-digit growth. And that trend is what we continue to forecast into 2022 with 10 to 12%. And I think the sources of growth for that support, that underpins this assumption, is that, you know, we have well established an operating model between CapEx and OpEx for our customers. We are serving industries where we have significant installed bases that are transforming to the cloud, to the subscription model, but it will take time. And we are committed to support our customers and support them in a way where their preferences are in terms of how they want to spend and make the investments. You know, these are very sticky investments, very long-term relationships where our customers are capitalizing on their investments for decades, that we continue to innovate and further drive value. You know, and I think with the 3D experience and the power buy extension that we deliver, we make these investments also really valuable and ready for the future. Thank you. On the second part of the question, Pascal, if I may, on is the client hiring challenge having an impact on our license, we see the total opposite way because the nature of our audience is changing. For years we have been, and we continue to focus on engineering, production. But now, with the 3D experience platform, we also reach supply management, costing, on many other functions within the company. The example at Renault is really amazing in terms of size, at Toyota Motor also, and many other clients that I could name. So, the intent with the platform phenomenon, the 3D experience platform, is to reach audience that we could not reach before. As a matter of fact, you know, the 3D experience collaborative environment is now being used by clients to evaluate materials, cost, weight, supply efficiency, all based on the 3D universe. Not on number of dashboards, but on the real product itself or the way you produce it. So, we see this as a long-lasting growth factor. Pascal mentioned that it's noticeable even with our business applications that we call, now are under the category of Inovia, where we deliver business experiences or program management, project management, costing, even for ESG reporting or CO2 reporting, because the platform has this capability, in short. So, we don't see the negative effect. That's very clear. Thank you. Thank you. And maybe one very quick follow-up from my side is, we understand that you increased salaries in order to reduce attrition a bit, but do you think that you need also to increase the volume of shares granted to employees in order to reduce further the attrition? So, any insight about that? I think we have. Yeah. Please, please, Bernard. If I can answer as the vice chairman of the board, because that's not on the budget side, it's on the shareholder side. No, I think we have a very stable, predictable portfolio of allocation. And we think that it provides a good, compelling incentive for people. And we created this together model last year, which was really to provide an option for people to buy shares at a certain discount on guaranteed results over a certain number of years. It was a very successful program, but we integrated that allocation as part of the overall policy. So, there is no deviation, I would say. Pascal, if you want to add something. I think, well, you know, Nicola, it's not the first time we discussed this. I think we are extremely, we have a lot of discipline on this. Why so? Because if you want this to be long-term and not only a one-off, you need to integrate it in your business model. If I compare with the competitors or the peers, usually, you know, they allocate an envelope which could be sometimes three times bigger. However, I think it's not sustainable over the time. Especially if you look at, at the end, how much of the operating profit goes through this. I think, do your job, do the sanity check, you will see it's balanced, it's fair, it's durable and sustainable. And that's basically our philosophy and our principle. So, you could count on us to continue what we did in the same manner. That's clear. Thank you and congrats for the impressive set of results. Thank you, Nicola. Thank you, Nicola. Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Charles Brennan from Jefferies. Please ask your question. Great. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Hopefully, a second time. Lucky. Across the industry, we're seeing this cloud momentum gather pace and it's referenced in your statement with some of your legacy customers moving to the cloud. So, I was wondering if I could just ask four questions related to the cloud. The first of which is just in terms of your product portfolio, can you remind us how much is native cloud versus available on the cloud via extensions? Secondly, I think you've traditionally said that the move to the cloud or growth in the cloud would be largely incremental to your core business. But certainly this morning, you were talking about product lines like Anavia and SolidWorks moving to the cloud. Those are both traditional license product lines. And I'm just wondering if we're starting to get to the stage where you're starting to see traditional licenses cannibalized by the cloud. Thirdly, it feels like some of your competitors are being a little bit more progressive in driving this agenda. I'm just wondering what it would take for you to be a little bit more proactive in enforcing a shift to the cloud. You're obviously doing that in the life sciences vertical. I guess Reuven's well placed to manage a more progressive cloud transition. I'm just wondering what the catalyst would be for you to go down that route. And very lastly, on M&A, I guess traditionally we see a bigger transaction from Dasso every couple of years. I guess we must be getting into the window where we're due the next one. Should we assume that any future M&A from here will be of a cloud-based business model? And is that one of the catalysts that's going to get you to the target of having 30% of the revenues in the cloud? Thank you. Well, we could do probably the rest of the call on your question, Charlie. But Bernard, you want to take the first one? I could comment on the product portfolio on Pascal, of course, stepping. First of all, we have reached a point where, first of all, the cloud approach for us, above all, is a way to reach new category of users. Second, the cloud approach for us is about providing new delivery systems for the capabilities we have. Roles, process, and solutions. Why? Having browser-native services on mobile, tablets, and PCs is a big thing for the nature of software we do. And the IKEA story with 4 million users in a few months is an illustration exactly of that. It's all going through browser-based. Same as you mentioned, Charles, on the clinical trial. Okay? But we are doing that also for design. And we are doing that. And as a matter of fact, the portfolio, in short, has reached a point where now there are more solutions, products, and roles on the cloud native than we have on-premise. However, I want to make sure it's clear. We love the on-premise. There are programs on the on-premise will become private clouds. They will become absolutely private clouds. And we are going to do that, to do so with customers. In fact, we have started to do it for highly sensitive programs. Because the value of doing that is so well recognized by clients. So, we value this hybridation to reach new audience and provide really a 3D for all approach that will make the difference and accelerate the platform phenomena across all functions. If you think about people now doing supply negotiation. In the past, they were using ERP dashboards. Now they are looking at the product itself. And they have the price on the part. And they know where it's sourced from. It's a new world from them. We do metaverse before metaverse. Because they see what's happening. So, enough said. But I don't see cannibalization. I see massive complementarity on that point. And just to echo what you say, Bernard. You were mentioned in Enovia. Again, you still have our time to understand what Enovia is about today. Enovia is not anymore only the product lifecycle management capability. It's, as Bernard said, it's a set of business applications. You know, allowing the procurement to source, to cost, to negotiate, to contract. Allowing the program manager to run their program, to do their review, to manage their supply chain. This is what we are talking about. And it's an extension compared to what we used to do. So, that's just an example. And on SOLIDWORKS, we are talking about the works family. We are not talking only about SOLIDWORKS. And the works family, you have Simulia works. You have Delmia works. You have Enovia works. And those set of services are not well deployed in the mainstream market right now. And by the way, on the works family, they are all cloud. There's no on-premise anymore. All of them. They are all cloud. All of them. So, that's the reason why, you know, it's really an extension. And it's still an extension compared to, there is maybe some overlap, but it's quite limited. Now, coming back to what could be the shift to force the subscription model. But that's not our way of thinking. We are here to serve our customers, to transform them, and to evolve their business model. So, what is the point to impose your business model when it's not aligned with your customer's business model? Knowing at the end, license or subscription, we are doing, I mean, good profitability with both. You will notice. So, I think our thinking process is much more, the transformation of what we do will lead automatically to a subscription model. For many things we do, but we want to do it in concert with a lot of alignment with our customers. That's, I think, making a big difference compared to many of our competitors. And last but not least, the question related to M&A. Yeah. I mean, you notice that we will be the leverage almost in six months from now. So, which gives us the ability to do all the move if we want. The cloud is not, I would say, the purpose. The purpose is really to extend what we do, having the ability to expand the addressable market and maybe change the nature of what we do. For example, if we want to focus on the data centricity of our solutions and technology, for sure the cloud is probably the way to do it. But again, it's a means, it's not a goal. So, that's what I can say at this stage. It's probably too early to speak about it. And maybe, I don't know, at the time of the Capital Market Day in June, we could probably discuss much more openly to this topic. Perfect. Thanks so much. Thank you, Charles. Next question, please. Thank you. Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Jay Vlish Hauer from Griffin Securities. Please ask your question. Thank you. Hello, everyone. I'll ask all my questions at the same time, just given the time remaining on the call. First, could you talk about the performance in 2021 and what your expectations might be for 2022 with respect to your two principal sales channels, what you now call CSE and CPE, formerly BT and VS, of course. Could you comment on those two channels and anything you might be doing to invest in or alter, perhaps, either of those channels? Secondly, one thing we see among a number of your principal competitors is an implementation of or plan to implement a faster product release cadence. We see this in both in CAD and PLM, for example. And I'm wondering if in lieu of your historical summer and winter releases that you've done for many, many years, there might be some rationale for accelerating your product release cadence, particularly in alignment with your cloudy business. Thirdly, on 3DX, one thing that seems to be occurring is that within the overall 3DX number, while Inovia seems still to be the largest part of it as it's been, other brands like Katia V6 are growing their contribution. If you could comment on that and whether you think that brands other than Inovia might eventually account for the majority of the 3DX business. And lastly, on 3DX Works, I understand it's still quite early, of course, only six quarters in market. But do you think that you have any visibility to penetrating, let's say, more than 10% of the solid workspace with 3DX Works and thereby make it an increasingly material business? Thank you. A few clarification, Pascal, if I may. First of all, DASO system is providing not any more functionalities, but we are providing roles, processes on industry solutions. So when we deliver roles, there is a price on the roles, there is a price on the process to do the job. And we do it by industry and industry segment. This is unique, and no one of the competitors are doing that. So it's important to understand it. The second thing is, and then I will let Pascal comment on the general performance. The second remark is, we do six weeks cadence delivery on the cloud. So Jay, please notice that for a large percentage of our install base, we are already there. Every six weeks, the world is getting new capabilities, and it's working extremely well with an SLE which is very high on providing satisfaction. Some large companies are already there. Some large companies are already there. We have taken the example of BWIG. It's all cloud, 100%. Renault for 3D collaborative environment suppliers, it's all cloud. Every six weeks, it's updated. So we are already with this in a big way. All clouds are following that cadence. So I think we are faster than most of the other players from that standpoint. So just a topic for clarification. On last remark, we don't count CATIA on the 3D experience line. Of course Pascal and Ruben can explain more. We count CATIA for CATIA. We count Delmia for Delmia. Each branch for what they are, no matter if they are independent or if they are based on the 3D experience platform. So we continue to keep that integrity in the way we report. Now, the last thing about the 3D experience works. It should be noticed that outside SOLIDWORKS, everything new is native cloud. Simulia works is native cloud. And only cloud for SOLIDWORKS customers. And we have also now a full suite of SOLIDWORKS functionalities that are delivered on a browser. And this explains the incredible success of cloud in China, believe it or not, more than in every other country. Because I think in China, we have the approval to run cloud, or own licenses, and really distribute it in a big way. So that's all what I wanted to clarify. And Pascal, maybe you want to put some more on that. On the channel, maybe I can say a few words. So first of all, you know, the best way to assess the performance of the channel is really to look at the incremental revenue. And the license is still probably a good indicator across all the different engagement models, right? So if you follow me on this, all of them are growing higher than 20%. So when I say it's a broad base, it's really a broad base. And it's what we call the process channel, which has the best performance in terms of new license this year, in 2021. So by being much more close to 30% than 20%. So, and it's not a surprise when you think about it, because during the pandemic, the direct sales resisted relatively well, the mainstream, the theory also. But the process, the supply chain, were really the ones being under pressure, and we have been able to almost catch up the lack in 2020, in 2021. So I think we are relatively on a good path. To complement what Bernard said on the 3D experience distributed across all the brands, you have to be a little bit careful. This is true that Enovia, for Enovia, almost two-thirds of the revenue of Enovia is 3D experience based. But it's a third, more than a third for Delmia, also for Ketia. So it's not the only one. Okay. If I may quickly, my annual question on SOLIDWORKS unit volume. My calculation is that it looks like your 2021 SOLIDWORKS new commercial seed volume was similar to perhaps slightly better than where you were in 2019. So perhaps just around 76,000 or so. So not quite back to where you were in 2018 just yet. This is true, but with one big difference, the average seed price increased. Which means we are more and more capable to enrich the package. And one of the reasons, you should remember Jay, I would say 60% of the units are coming from existing customers. So they are the one not buying anymore the base package or the one buying the full package. That's basically the reason why also you have such a growth. It's a combination of units and average seed price. Value up. Yes. Okay. Also, by the way, thank you for the headcount and hiring comments. That's always useful insight. Thank you, Jay. By the way, you will have a neighbor, because Rouven's family is still in New York for a few months. And he will probably fly to New York in the coming weeks. That's right. Great. I'll pick you up at the airport. Okay. Maybe later for a coffee. Next question, please. Thank you. Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Neil Steer from Redburn. Please ask your question. Hi. Thanks very much. I just have a couple of quick ones. The first one is just looking at sales and marketing expenses and I suppose the OPEX cost ratios in general. Quite clearly, as we've gone through the pandemic because of travel and also hiring, you're running with sales and marketing at around about 300 to 400 basis points below where we were sort of pre-pandemic. I'm just wondering, would you expect over the next couple of years for that to pick up to closer to the sort of 29, 30% cost ratio that we've seen in the past? Or are there structural reasons as to why henceforth sales and marketing should be at sort of a structurally lower level? That's the first question. Neil Pascal will answer to this question. So, you know, as the chief operating officer, I learned something during the pandemic. We have been capable to grow without having more resources. And believe it or not, we have increased dramatically the productivity. If I compare to 19, it's per head, per salespeople, it's more than 11%. So why I'm seeing this? Because it's going to be a combination between obviously more resources because we need to reinforce the coverage we have in certain regions of the world or certain verticals. But at the same time, I still believe we still have, we still can continue to improve the productivity. Maybe not at this level every year, but at least a few percentage points, it's probably something we could be able to achieve. So, and this will give probably the ability for us to finance a different go-to market. Because you, we are thinking about the traditional one, but there are activities where we need to invest because it's a different way to go to market. It's still embryonic and we still need to invest. So, the net is, it will not be maybe, not have a big difference. However, we have some level to extend the different nature of the go-to market we have. So, that's probably the way, yep. So, just to clarify, are you suggesting that we will see quite a, over the next couple of years, sales and marketing cost ratio will go back up, but perhaps not back up to the 30% level? Or are you suggesting it's more sustainable at the sort of 25, 26% level? No, no, it will increase because as I say to you, we did not hire almost one single person each one last year. Okay. I mean, it's not sustainable. However, if you do the math, you have to include some productivity effects because we had some productivity the last two years. And now, it's part of my duty to make sure that we grow the coverage, but at the same time, we are also improving the productivity. Okay. Thank you. And just zeroing in on life sciences, obviously, taking all of the commentary together with regards to the growth in metadata and so forth. It looks as though the softness that you saw in Q4 was quite clearly with the sort of the original accelerant businesses. Is that a little bit surprising? That's more on the discovery side, I think, their product set. And have you actually signed the deferral there? Or is that sort of, if you like, a permanent deferral and you'll never fully recover that revenue as we go through the 2020, 2022 year? Yeah, I'm happy, happy to. So, you know, the impact that we had in the fourth quarter is temporary. These are two renewals that we are actively working on to close in, I would say, early 2022. It could be the first quarter. It could be the second quarter. Yeah. These are two major customers of ours where we have established relationships and it's only a question of time. I think the other part that I would like to add to the Biovia business as well and life sciences, we are also progressively transforming Biovia towards a more subscription model than what it used to be because it was heavily dependent on licenses. And that creates some variability from time to time. So that's another factor that we will talk about throughout 2022. Okay, thank you. Thank you, Neil. Thank you. One final question. Please go on Nadia. Yes, of course. The last final question comes from the line of Jason Salino from KBCM. Please ask a question. Great. Thanks for fitting me in just a couple of quick ones on a couple of the brands. First on Simulia. You know, it's nice to see double-digit growth there. It's been doing quite well for the past few quarters from what I can remember. You know, so my question here is, you know, is the strength we're seeing, you know, from share gains versus, you know, simulation competitive market or is it more, you know, broader industry strength recovery, you know, from that? Simulia, I think there are two major factors where basically we create a game changer situation. Number one, on the SOLIDWORKS install base, customer were used to use our competitor product on desktop. And now we are offering cloud-based Simulia, extremely successful, easier to provision and to put in operation. And it has created a very nice dynamic in what we call the WORKS family. And John Paolo is doing a very great job, Paolo Bashi, on this topic. In fact, he's going to work on the full WORKS family. And not only SOLIDWORKS, we have just announced that the new CEO of SOLIDWORKS is Manish Kumar. But John Paolo is taking the full scope responsibility for 3D experience works. That's one driver. And the second one is multi-physic platform-based integration, which is connecting, you know, the power flow, the eMAG, the stress on all of this together in a consistent environment. And we see a lot of customers moving from isolated simulation to integrated system simulation. I think it's unstoppable in my mind. And we have plenty of opportunities to continue to sustain a strong growth in this area. Perfect. And then maybe one quick final one. You know, SOLIDWORKS, maybe earlier in 2021, had some pretty robust growth, you know, possibly from the pent-up demand. You know, this quarter, 8% growth, you know, feels quite good, normal, maybe close to what we were seeing pre-pandemic. You know, is that the right way to think about the SOLIDWORKS business, you know, normalizing from these levels? I think so. You're right. I mean, if you remember, SOLIDWORKS was really the first product line to recover. Yeah. And there is no base effects compared to last year. And the 8%, 8 to 9, is a good number. Okay. Perfect. Thank you all, and have a good afternoon. Thank you, everyone, for participating. It's always a great pleasure to exchange with you and address your questions. And I know that Pascal and Ruben are now committed to do roadshows and visit you as quickly as possible, as soon as possible, and hopefully face-to-face. With that, thank you very much. Enjoy your day. And talk to you soon. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect. Have a nice day. Have a nice day.