Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the SolSystem 2021 fourth quarter and full year earnings presentation call. At this time all participants are in listen only mode. After the speaker's presentation there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during the session you will need to press star and one on your telephone keypad. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. If you require any further assistance over the phone please press star zero. I would now like to hand the conference over to our first speaker today François Bourdonado. Please go ahead. Thank you Nadia. Thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021 earnings conference call with Bernard Charles, Vice Chairman and CEO, Pascal Dalloz, Chief Operating Officer and Ruben Bergman, Chief Financial Officer. We'll also join us Tarek Sherif, Chairman, Dasso System Life Sciences and Healthcare. Dasso System's results are prepared in accordance with IFRS. Most of the financial figures discussed on this conference call are on a non-IFRS basis with revenue growth rate in constant currency unless otherwise noted. Some of our comments on this call contain forward-looking statements which could differ materially from actual results. Please refer to today's press release and the risks factors section of our 2020 Universal Registration Document. All earnings material are available on our website and these prepared remarks will be available shortly after this call. Bernard, the floor is yours. Thank you very much François-José. Good morning and good afternoon to all of you and thank you for joining us. It's always a pleasure to review our full year results with you. We had an excellent 2021 year with a strong finish to the year. The total revenue rose 11% for the year, driven by a broad-based demand across our end markets, the majority of which are growing double digit by the way. Our strategic growth drivers performed well through the experience. Revenue increased 15% with cloud revenue rising 23%. Our 3D experience platform has been a competitive advantage driving new client wins. The cloud is about inclusiveness and providing additional value to clients. Earning per share increased 26% thanks to good revenue growth and high profitability. For 2022, we have set the target for 9 to 10% top-line growth. As you can see, we have delivered very good results, but more importantly, we have the key elements in place to support sustainable growth. Our technology are changing the game for clients across our three major sectors of the economy. We are expanding our footprint, deepening existing partnerships, and adding new clients. We have invested in our team, establishing the next generation of leaders. The stage is set, therefore, for a good future. Now, I'd like to share some perspective on our vision and strategy for the coming years. You remember 10 years ago, in February 2012, we unveiled a new brand identity for our company, the 3D Experience Company, and our corporate purpose built around harmonizing product, nature, and life. Today, the significance of our strategy is clear. Our clients and partners have embraced the experience economy. They are transforming all sectors and industries with sustainability and human centricity as central pillars of a new era. The experience economy accelerated by the pandemic triggers new categories of expectations, really, from citizens, passion, consumers, even workers. This is apparent in our everyday life. Tomorrow's mobility is no longer a matter of vehicles. It's a matter of desirable, sustainable mobility experiences. Tomorrow's healthcare is much more than therapeutics. It's about the passion journey on precision medicine. Tomorrow's cities are not only a collection of buildings, streets, and facilities. It's about quality of life and quality of service. As a consequence, all our clients need to reimagine their offer. Our answer is the systematic use of virtual twin experience based on modeling, simulation, on real-world evidence in this merger between the virtual and the real world. Our ambition, therefore, is to help our clients imagine, create, produce experiences for their own clients. Unlike metaverse, we use virtual world, 3D virtual world experiences to improve the real world. Only then the possibility of harmonizing product, nature, and life will emerge. I believe that innovators of tomorrow, and we see them, have to think in terms of universes. That is to say, in terms of organic systems of systems that create, produce, and play experiences in a circular economy. With the 3D experience platform, we are creating this if we loop, we can provide this holistic view combining value creation on value experience, design on usage to cover the full experience lifecycle. We can extend virtual twin experiences across universes. It's about continuity of the what, the offer, the how, how you make it, and the use of it by people. This is a new revolutionary approach to innovation. It's in some way the next generation of PLM. As we have done in the past with the early adopter, we will pave the way for the future across the three sectors of the economy we serve. Let's quickly look at implications, for example, in life sciences. Clinical research has moved beyond the hospitals and labs. As more and more technology is used to decentralize trials, the entire clinical trial experience is transformed for all people involved. Patients can now participate in a trial from anywhere, especially from home. Doctors and researchers can now collect more data in different ways. If we connect the dots across clinical trial data, real world data, and research and development, we can close the loop on make precision medicine a reality. As a consequence, elevate the passion journey. That's the system will be the only one capable of supporting end-to-end solution in life science. The ongoing advancement toward a sustainable economy will mark this century also. We can reveal some of the dynamics we see progressing. I think it's clear that our passion for science-based, people-centered innovation on the commitment we have for our very loyal clients is really a catalyst of that transformation. Let's have a few illustrations of how we are enabling such kind of transformation today. I think from there you will see a lot of good reasons to believe. In the consumer industry, we have a very successful partnership with IKEA. With the 3D Experience by Me platform kitchen planner on the cloud, IKEA is enabling customers to use virtualization to design their own dream kitchens. The pandemic has led individuals to invest in their homes and has acted as an accelerator for e-commerce. The 3D Experience by Me platform kitchen planner has allowed IKEA to take full advantage of these trends. In some way, the By Me kitchen platform was used by 1 million people only a few months after being deployed and today has reached over 4 million users, making it the most popular 3D consumer application in the world. This is the cloud advantage, but it's also the mobile advantage. In mobility, another sector of the industry, Pirelli is pursuing increasingly challenging goals in terms of sustainability, working on innovative materials, on cutting-edge production processes. They have selected smart tires on the 3D Experience platform. They will leverage the capability of the virtual twin to foster innovation, reduce cost, increase circularity, and of course, reduce time to market through simulation and modular design. It's great to be part of Pirelli's adventure to move everyone forward through technological and social progress.

In the healthcare, I could take the example of Perigo because the healthcare affordability is becoming essential. Today, the cost of healthcare is growing twice as fast as the overall economy. Perigo, a 130-year-old company, has been improving patient lives with affordable self-care products. The company is deploying several of our solutions. For example, license to cure, perfect formulation, perfect package on our 3D experience platform. As you notice, we are not describing the function. We are describing the value even in the way we name our solutions. Their goal is to increase efficiency, quality, and time to market. We are very pleased to help Perigo have this positive impact. I guess they are very positive too. Now, you have some proof points. Explain to see virtual twin experiences powered by the 3D experience platform are helping all our customers evolve and transform. We recently celebrated our 40th anniversary at Dassault System. Two generations of innovators have revealed the power of virtual worlds to imagine, create disruptive innovation. And this is a fact in all sectors we serve. Now, we are focused on our next horizon, 2040. Our objective is to be the leader in sustainable innovation and to continue to position our clients at the vanguard of progress across manufacturing industries, life science and healthcare, as well as infrastructure and cities. To support our long-term initiatives, we have established a next generation of executive leadership. I'm so happy to have Pascal Dalos now fully focused on his mission as Chief Operating Officer to connect all the dots on elevate and expand the value we provide to our clients and power a new generation of leaders along the lines that I just described. At the same time, I'm equally delighted to welcome Ruben Berman to the executive committee of Dassault System as Chief Financial Officer. Ruben has played a critical role in integrating media data. He has held the COO and CFO titles and brings a mastering of financial matters related to software on cloud business model. Ruben, it's wonderful to have you here. Thank you for being here and giving us more time to meet with customers. Ultimately, all progress is human. Investing on our people and culture is at the core of what we do. Our M&A activities are driven by both innovation capabilities as well as talent. And as you all know, after many years of observing Dassault System, it has always been essential for us. We are focused on enabling teams to transform and reveal talents. When we acquired MediaData in 2019, just two years ago, Tarek and his team, with Shirley, with Glenn, his buddy, created this incredible reason to believe that we could have a future together. I'm extremely proud of the significant innovation, strong culture, and leadership MediaData has brought to the life science sector. We have been able to integrate, scale rapidly, accelerate growth, and deliver excellent results, and above all, have fun being together. It's a great pleasure now to have online Tarek, my buddy, who is now the chairman of the life science sector on the scale for Dassault System. And Tarek, would you like to say a few words? Thank you, Bernard. Thank you for the kind words, and it's really a pleasure to be with all of you today in my role. It's been a few years since I've been on an earnings call, and as you say, it's a lot of fun. So it's been more than two years since we announced coming together. And honestly, I can't be more excited about what we've been able to accomplish and the progress we've made since that time. It's been an incredibly challenging environment, as you all know. Integrations are never easy, and doing it on a global scale is even more difficult, and then doing it in the midst of a pandemic is even more difficult. But I would say that the integration has been a tremendous success, and I really want to thank Bernard and Pascal for all the support that they have given us and our teams. And I'd like to also thank you, our teams, who have come together focused on creating value for our customers and ultimately for patients. You know, our teams are delivering amazing innovation and execution to advance clinical trials and new treatments for patients during what's been an unprecedented time. And it feels like we're just getting started, given the tremendous opportunities that we see ahead of us. Our impact on improving the patient experience and scaling precision medicine has never been clearer. You know, at the end of the day, it's what Glenn and I always dreamed about and were convinced we would be able to do one day. And it's what brought us together as organizations in the first place. And it's becoming a reality. As many of you know, we suffered the tragic loss of Glenn DeVries, my best friend and our co-founder late last year. He helped transform our industry, and his vision has always been an inspiration for all of us. Glenn helped set the highest standards for Medidata, and he drove us to innovate and solve the most complex problems with energy and creativity. And I am absolutely convinced that we will pursue progress in life sciences and healthcare with the same passion that he had. And we have an amazingly strong team to support that. By continuing to do everything we can do to support the business, we are honoring Glenn's legacy, and we will ultimately ensure healthier lives for patients everywhere. We have a strong leadership in place today, and they will help carry us into the future. And together with Bernard and Pascal and now Ruben, I share the conviction and confidence in our promising future. I want to hand the call back to you, Bernard. Thank you, Tarek. Thank you, my friend, for your leadership and also the incredible moment we had all of us together when we decided in less than one hour that the future was together, and that was only two years ago. So I am also confident that we can make the difference. And we have now an incredible connection between people and tremendous opportunities to provide great solutions for our customers. So with that, Pascal, you have the floor. Thank you, Bernard. Hello, everyone. I hope you are doing well, and thank you for joining us today. So turning to our financial results, the strong business momentum we experienced throughout the year continued into the fourth quarter, resulting in a performance well aligned with our guidance. So let's start with the Q4 top lines, year-over-year comparisons. Total revenue grew 10% to 1,370 million, above our 7% to 9% range. The software revenue also grew 10% and all organically. License and other revenues rose 15% to 348 million, well above the guidance, and we are back to 2019 levels. Subscription and support revenue increased 8%, driven by the high double-digit subscription growth, reflecting strong media data performance, but also the 3D experience momentum. And the recurring revenue represents 72% of the software revenue. Zooming on services, servicing was up 10%, and we achieved a services gross margin of 27.1%, substantially better compared to last year, and it's coming mainly from the effort we made to improve the efficiency when we were in the middle of the pandemic, I would say 18 months ago. From a profitability standpoint, in the fourth quarter, we delivered a Q4 strong operating margin of 36.8%. This was well aligned with our guidance of 36.4%, when taking into account the currency impacts of 40 basis points. EPS grew 17% to 29 cents compared to our guidance of 27 to 28 cents. Few words on the headcount, it's an important topic. I know you have questions usually on this. So in terms of headcount, we are well aligned with our objectives. We saw a strong hiring activity again in Q4 and a lower attrition, and overall, headcount grew 4% and research and development was up 6%. So I think given our track record of innovation and our mission-driven culture, we are confident in our ability to continue to attract and retain top talents over the mid to long term, and this is still a priority for 2022. Let us take a deep dive into our revenue performance first, and let's zoom on the software revenue by GEO. The Americas grew 7% during the fourth quarter, driven by solid subscription growth, which is definitely a key trend in North America. In 2021, the regions benefited from strong performance in high-tech, transportation and mobility, and life sciences at large. And now Americas represent 38% of the total software revenue. Europe increased 10%, thanks to a strong resiliency throughout the regions. And in 2021, transportation and mobility and industry

equipment grew double digit. Europe represented 37% of software revenue in 2021. Asia rose 12% driven by market expansion in Japan, India, and southeast of Asia. And in 2021, China grew 19% and Asia at large represent 25% of the software revenue. Let's say a few words on the product line performance. Industrial innovation software revenue rose 8% to 682.3 million in Q4. This growth has been driven specifically by Simulia and Delmia, where the growth is exceeding the double digits. And it's mainly due to a large part to large client wins we did in Q4. Innovia showed also a strong subscription growth, which is against a new trend. And I think this subscription model is relatively suitable for all the collaborative set of solutions we have. And Katia finally is back to 2019 levels. So I think we are again on our trajectory. Life sciences software revenue reached 245.1 million in Q4, an increase of 9%. MIDI data grew over 15% on the back of a strong comparison base, if you remember. And we continue to see a very good momentum across the MIDI data portfolio, including MIDI data RAVE, the core products, MIDI data AI, the diversification in the analytics and artificial intelligence, and MIDI data Passion Cloud, which is the de facto standard for the decentralized clinical trial. This momentum is also visible across the hand markets we are serving. So not only the pharmaceutical and biology companies, but also the contract research organization and the medical devices company. So we saw high double digit growth in attach rate against this quarter, which is extremely important because not only we are capturing new customers, but we are growing inside those customers. From a product line perspective, we saw strong MIDI data performance was partially offset somewhat by a lower than expected BioVR revenue. This was driven by the delay of two large renewal, but we expect to sign both renewal during the first half. So it's really a temporary impact. If we step back a little bit, you know, we are one year after we have decided to create the life science engagement model, which is nothing more than combining all the different capability and resources we have to address this market. And this has been done through the leadership of the MIDI data management team, especially Michael Prey. And for that, Michael, thank you. You did extremely well. And now we are confident that this being in place with the strategy we have to provide life science industry, an end-to-end solution that connects dots between ideation, development, manufacturing, commercializations, almost what we did in other industries like aerospace decades ago. I think it's pretty unique on the marketplace and we will make the differentiations. Moving now on to the mainstream innovations, software revenue rose 14% to 312.2 million in Q4. SolidWorks first delivered a strong result with software revenue growing high single digits. And we continue to see adoptions of our 3D experience works family, you know, the cloud-based solutions during this period. Centric Prelimics performing extremely well with high double digit, I should say close to triple digit revenue growth. And not only it's delivering the numbers, but in terms of KPIs, we are now reaching more than 550 customers representing more than 4,500 brands and with an extremely high level of satisfactions. Not only it's true in the fashion industry, but since almost two years, Centric PLM, thanks to Chris Grove, is expanding into new verticals such as food and beverage, cosmetic and personal care, and other customer consumer segments. So again, very pleased by this move and it's paying off. Good result is also are also reflected into the cash flow. And for the fiscal year 2021, the cash flow from operation rose 30% year over year to 1,630 million, which is converting 33% of the revenue to operating cash flow. Cash reached a little bit less than 3 billion, 2,980 million, an increase of 831 million versus an increase of 204 million last year. And finally, our net financial debt position at the end of the year decreased by 1,152 million to less than 900 million, to be precise, 890 million. And it has to be compared with 2,4 billion we had in December 31st in 2020. This in a net is putting us a year, more than a year, in fact, ahead of our schedule on our deliveraging objectives. Now to discuss the 2022 objectives, I'm very pleased to introduce Ruben Backman, our new chief financial officer. And as Bernard mentioned, Ruben has played a vital role in integrating MediData and it has been a real pleasure to work together for the last two years. And it's a successful partnership, I think. So Ruben, we are delighted to have you with us. Ruben, you have the floor. Thank you, Pascal. And hello, everyone, also from my side. And before I would start to outline the financial objectives for 2022, I also want to share that I'm thrilled and very happy to be here today with you in this new role. I really enjoyed the opportunity to meet with some of you already and learn from many colleagues at DASSO Systems, in particular, you Pascal, since the acquisition of MediData, which, as you know, is completed more than two years ago. And now with the successful integration, I'm looking forward to getting to know all of you and the broader investment community during this year. And I know we already have concrete plans to do that. So with this, let me turn to the full year financials for 2022, our financial objectives. As discussed, we expect the broad based dynamics we experienced in the fourth quarter and 2021 to continue into 2022. We are focused on driving durable long term growth. Our growth drivers are well established as highlighted by Bernard and Pascal. First, we are enhancing our leadership position across our major brands. Second, we are accelerating the momentum with 3D experience and industry solution experiences. And we are winning new customers as well expanding within our installed base. And third, we are focused on delivering new experience and value with cloud. So we will continue the momentum of MediData and MediData Patient Cloud. We will also expand the user base with the 3D experience works family in the mainstream market and deliver new value at scale with large enterprise partnerships, like what you see happening with Renault or Buick Construction. Now with this in mind, we are targeting for full year 2022, total revenue growth of 9 to 10 percent and software revenue growth in the same range. When thinking about our software revenue growth, let's keep in mind that last year we had a very strong year of license growth with 23 percent year on year, which brought us back ahead of 2019 levels. And now for this year, we expect to continue healthy double digit growth at around 10 of up to 12 percent, which reflects continued strong demand within our installed base. This trend is more in line with what we saw in our performance in the fourth quarter. We anticipate recurring software revenue to increase by 9 to 9.5 percent, an acceleration of 100 to 150 basis points versus last year, driven by continued momentum and subscription growth with cloud and solid improvement in support revenue, also resulting from the very good license growth we experienced throughout last year. For services revenue, we are projecting to grow between 8 to 9 percent, reflecting the increased activity levels of delivering innovation to our clients across all segments with solid margin performance.

From a profitability perspective, this past year we demonstrated the long-term scalability inherent to our business model. As we said throughout 2021, we plan to accelerate investments into our business and re-engage in activities which were impeded by the pandemic. Accelerating the growth in our workforce in line with our long-term plan is our top priority. And as such, we anticipate the non-IFRS operating margin to be in the range of 32.7 to 33.1 percent. Again, this is consistent with our prior communication. Now let me continue with our proposed objectives for earnings per share. We expect a non-IFRS EPS to grow between 3 to 6 percent, reaching 1 euro at the high end. This EPS guidance assumes a tax rate in line with 2021 levels of about 23.2 percent. Our financial objectives assume a euro to US dollar conversion of 1.17. Now I will provide some additional color on what to expect for Q1. As you are aware, our business has some seasonality and we expect to see growth rates progressing throughout the year. We expect Q1 total revenue growth of 7 to 9 percent, with software revenue increasing in the same range and services revenue up 5 to 7 percent, driven by continued broad-based momentum across our geos. We expect the operating margin at a range of 32.3 to 33 percent, with an EPS growth of 3 to 7 percent versus last year. As you heard from us during this call, we are confident in the long-term opportunity ahead and we look forward to keeping you appraised of our progress throughout the year. And now, Pascal, I hand the call back to you. Thank you, Ruvens, to summarize, I think the stage is set for the future growth. On one hand, our long-term strategic vision has been validated. The investment we made 10 years ago to enable the experience economy are paying off. And whatever you take, the platform, the virtual twin experiences, the industry solution we have in the cloud, they are durable competitive advantage. In parallel, that's what Bernard said, we are helping our clients also to transform to a sustainable economy. And this is becoming an affordable and significant opportunity to deepen and expand our partnership and our impact. This, if you combine the two, will be a strong secular driver to underpinning growth across all the three sectors of the economy we are serving. In addition to this, I think we have the right leadership in place to execute against the tremendous opportunity before us. And our commitment to clients to drive our strategy will continue, and we thank them for their continued trust. So finally, I think Ruvens and I will be extremely pleased to see you in person when we will have the ability to go back on the road. But I think it has been so long when we haven't seen each other. I think, Bernard, Ruvens, it's time to take the questions. Operator? Thank you. Dear participants, we'll now begin the question and answer session. As a reminder, if you wish to ask a question, please press star and 1 on your telephone keypad and wait for your name to be announced. The first question comes from the line of Nicolas David from Odo BHF. Please ask your question. Yes, hi. Good afternoon, Bernard, Pascal and Ruvens. Thank you for taking my question. My first one is regarding licenses growth. You anticipated double-digit growth of licenses in 2022, so for the second year in a row. So congrats for that, because I think that that was an ambition to sustain such a growth, double-digit growth of licenses. My first question is, do you think that such growth is sustainable beyond 2022? And if so, also, do you think that this improved growth trend in licenses is more linked to the momentum of your product cycle, so internal to your company, or more linked to the consequences of the same crisis we just were living right now, and it's more a macro impact you are benefiting of? And my second question is still regarding licenses sales. Several software players, including some of your competitors, mentioned that the difficulties the clients have had in hiring have led to some delays in launching projects and having negative impact on license sales. So my question is, to what extent you may suffer from this kind of impact regarding your license sales in the coming quarters? Thank you. Well, you want to take the first one? Yeah, happy to. Yeah, so I think the best way to conceptualize this, Nicola, thank you for the question, is yes, we had in 2021 very strong license performance with 23% for the full year. Of course, this was versus a lower comparable base in 2020. Q4 of 15% growth against, I think, a good comparability. Q4 of 2020, we saw the rebound starting to happen. And so it was a real proof point for us in the fourth quarter to achieve double-digit growth. And that trend is what we continue to forecast into 2022 with 10% to 12%. And I think the sources of growth that supports, that underpins this assumption, is that we have well-established an operating model between CapEx and OpEx for our customers. We are serving industries where we have significant installed bases that are transforming to the cloud, to the subscription model, but it will take time. And we are committed to support our customers and support them in a way where their preferences are in terms of how they want to spend and make the investments. These are very sticky investments, very long-term relationships where our customers are capitalizing on their investments for decades, that we continue to innovate and further drive value. And I think with the 3D experience and the power by extension that we deliver, we make these investments also really valuable and ready for the future. On the second part of the question, Pascal, if I may, is the client hiring challenge having an impact on our license? We see it the total opposite way because the nature of our audience is changing. For years, we've been, or we continue to focus on engineering, production, but now with this 3D experience platform, we also reach supply management, costing, on many other functions within the company. The example at Renault is really amazing in terms of size, at Toyota Motor also, and many other clients that I could name. So the intent with the platform phenomenon, the 3D experience platform, is to reach audience that we could not reach before. As a matter of fact, the 3D experience collaborative environment is now being used by clients to evaluate materials, cost, weight, supply efficiency, all based on the 3D universe, not on number of dashboards, but on the real product itself, of all the way you produce it. So we see this as a long-lasting growth factor. And Pascal mentioned that it's noticeable even with our business applications that we call now under the category of Inovia, where we deliver business experiences or program management, project management, costing, even for ESG reporting or CO2 reporting, because the platform has this capability. So we don't see the negative effect. That's very clear. Thank you. And maybe one very quick follow-up from my side is we understand that you increase salaries to reduce attrition a bit, but do you think that you need also to increase the volume of shares granted to employees in order to reduce further the attrition? So any insight about... Please, Bernard. If I can answer, I was the vice chairman of the board because that's not on the budget side, it's on the shareholder side. No, I think we have a very stable, predictable portfolio of allocation, and we think that it provides a good, compelling incentive for people. And we created this together model last year, which was really to provide an option for people to buy shares at a certain discount on guaranteed result over a certain number of years. Very successfully, a successful program, but we integrated that allocation as part of the overall policy, so there is no deviation, I would say. Pascal, if you want to add something. No, I think, well, you know, Nicolas, the first time we discussed this, I think we are extremely, we have a lot of discipline on this. Why so? Because if you want this to be long-term and not only a one-off, you need to integrate it in your business model. If I compare with the competitors or the peers, usually, you know, they allocate...

an envelope which could be sometimes three times bigger. However, I think it's not sustainable over time, especially if you look at the end how much of the operating profit goes through this. I think do your job, do the sanity check, you will see it's balanced, it's fair, it's agreeable and sustainable, and that's basically our philosophy and our principle. So you could count on us to continue what we did in the same manner. That's clear. Thank you and congrats for the impressive set of results. Thank you, Nicolas. Thank you, Nicolas. Thank you. The next question comes from Charles Brennan from Jefferies. Please ask your question. Great. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Hopefully a second time lucky. Across the industry, we're seeing this cloud momentum gather pace, and it's referenced in your statement with some of your legacy customers moving to the cloud. So I was wondering if I could just ask four questions related to the cloud. The first of which is just in terms of your product portfolio, can you remind us how much is native cloud versus available on the cloud via extensions? Secondly, I think you've traditionally said that the move to the cloud or growth in the cloud would be largely incremental to your core business. But certainly this morning you were talking about product lines like Enovia and SolidWorks moving to the cloud. Those are both traditional licensed product lines, and I'm just wondering if we're starting to get to the stage where you're starting to see traditional licenses cannibalized by the cloud. Thirdly, it feels like some of your competitors are being a little bit more progressive in driving this agenda. I'm just wondering what it would take for you to be a little bit more proactive in enforcing a shift to the cloud. You're obviously doing that in the life sciences vertical. I guess Ruben's well placed to manage a more progressive cloud transition. I'm just wondering what the catalyst would be for you to go down that route. And very lastly, on M&A, I guess traditionally we see a bigger transaction from Dassault every couple of years. I guess we must be getting into the window where we do the next one. Should we assume that any future M&A from here will be of a cloud-based business model, and is that one of the catalysts that's going to get you to the target of having 30% of the revenues in the cloud? Thank you. We could do probably the rest of the call on your question, Charlie. But Bernard, you want to take the first one? I could comment on the product portfolio. First of all, we have reached a point where the cloud approach for us, above all, is a way to reach new categories of users. Second, the cloud approach for us is about providing new delivery systems for the capabilities we have, roles, process, and solutions. Why? Having browser-native services on mobile, tablets, and PCs is a big thing for the nature of software we do. The IKEA story with 4 million users in a few months is an illustration exactly of that. It's all going through browser-based, same as you mentioned, Charles, on the clinical trial. But we are doing that also for design. We are doing that, as a matter of fact, the portfolio in short, has reached a point where now there are more solutions, products on roles, on the cloud native, than we have on-premise. However, I want to make sure it's clear. We love the on-premise. There are programs, and the on-premise will become private clouds. They will become absolutely private clouds, and we are going to do that, to do so with customers. In fact, we have started to do it for highly sensitive programs, because the value of doing that is so well recognized by clients. So we value this hybridation to reach new audience and provide really a 3D for all approach that will make the difference and accelerate the platform phenomena across all functions. If you think about people now doing supply negotiation, in the past they were using ERP dashboards. Now they are looking at the product itself, and they have the price and the part, and they know where it's sourced from. It's a new world. We do metaverse before metaverse, because they see what's happening. So enough said, but I don't see cannibalization. I see massive complementarity on that point. And just to echo what you say, Bernard, you were mentioning Enovia. Again, you still have a hard time to understand what Enovia is about today. Enovia is not anymore only the product lifecycle management capability. It's, as Bernard said, it's a set of business applications, allowing the procurement to source, to cost, to negotiate, to contract, allowing program manager to run their program, to do their review, to manage their supply chain. This is what we are talking about, and it's an extension compared to what we used to do. So that's just an example. And on SolidWorks, we are talking about the Works family. We are not talking only about SolidWorks. And the Works family, you have SimuliaWorks, you have DelmiaWorks, you have EnoviaWorks. And those set of services are not well deployed in the mainstream market right now. And by the way, on the Works family, they are all cloud native. They are all cloud. There is no on-premise anymore. They are all cloud. So that's the reason why it's really an extension, and it's still an extension compared to there is maybe some overlap, but it's quite limited. Now, coming back to what could be the shift to force the subscription model. But that's not our way of thinking. We are here to serve our customers, to transform them, and to evolve their business model. So what is the point to impose your business model when it's not aligned with your customer's business model? Knowing at the end, license or subscription, we are doing good profitability with both. You will notice. So I think our thinking process is much more the transformation of what we do will lead automatically to a subscription model for many things we do, but we want to do it in concert with a lot of alignment with our customers. That's, I think, making a big difference compared to many of our competitors. And last but not least, the question related to M&A. Yeah, I mean, you notice that we will be leveraged almost in six months from now, which gives us the ability to do other moves if we want. The cloud is not, I would say, the purpose. The purpose is really to extend what we do, having the ability to expand the addressable market and maybe change the nature of what we do. For example, if we want to focus on the data centricity of our solutions and technology, for sure the cloud is probably the way to do it. But again, it's a means, it's not the goal. So that's what I can say at this stage. It's probably too early to speak about it. And maybe, I don't know, at the time of the Capital Market Day in June, we could probably discuss much more openly to this topic. Perfect. Thanks very much. Thank you, Charles. Next question, please. Thank you. The next question comes from Jay Blichhauer from Griffin Securities. Please ask your question. Thank you. Hello, everyone. I'll ask all my questions at the same time, just given the time remaining on the call. First, could you talk about the performance in 2021 and what your expectations might be for 2022 with respect to your two principal sales channels, which you now call CSE and CPE, formerly BPNVS, of course? Could you comment on those two channels and anything you might be doing to invest in or alter perhaps either of those channels? Secondly, one thing we see among a number of your principal competitors is an implementation of or plan to implement a faster product release cadence. We see this both in CAD and PLM, for example. And I'm wondering if, in lieu of your historical summer and winter releases that you've done for many, many years, there might be some rationale for accelerating your product release cadence, particularly in alignment with your cloudy business. Thirdly, on 3DX, one thing that seems to be occurring is that within the overall 3DX number, while Enovia seems still to be the largest part of it, as it's been, other brands like CATIA V6 are growing their contribution. If you could comment on that and whether you think that brands other than Enovia might eventually account for the majority of the 3DX business. And lastly, on 3DX Works, I understand it's still quite early, of course, only six quarters in market. But do you think that you have any visibility to penetrating, let's say, more than 10% of the SOLIDWORKS base with 3DX Works and thereby make it an increasingly material business?

Thank you. A few clarifications, Pascal, if I may. First of all, Dassault System is providing not anymore functionalities, but we are providing roles, processes, and industry solutions. So when we deliver roles, there is a price on the roles, there is a price on the process to do the job. And we do it by industry and industry segment. This is unique, and no one of the competitors are doing that. So it's important to understand it. The second thing is, and then I will let Pascal comment on the channel performance, the second remark is we do six-week cadence delivery on the cloud. So Jay, please notice that for a large percentage of our install base, we are already there. Every six weeks, the world is getting new capabilities on its working extremely well with an SLA which is very high on providing satisfaction. Some large companies are already there. We have taken the example of WIG. It's all cloud, 100%. Renault for 3D collaborative environment suppliers, all cloud. Every six weeks, it's updated. So we are already in a big way, all cloud are following that cadence. So I think we are faster than most of the other players on that standpoint. So just a topic for clarification. On last remark, we don't count Katia on the 3D experience live. So Pascal and Ruben can explain more. We count Katia for Katia. We count Telmia for Telmia. Each branch for what they are, no matter if they are independent or if they are based on the 3D experience platform. So we continue to keep that integrity in the way we report. Now, on last thing about the 3D experience works, it should be noticed that outside SolidWorks, everything new is native cloud. Simulia works is native cloud. On only cloud for SolidWorks customers. And we have also now a full suite of SolidWorks functionalities that are delivered on a browser. And this explains the incredible success of cloud in China. Believe it or not, more than in every other country, because I think in China, we have the approval to run cloud on licenses and on really distributed in a big way. So that's all what I wanted to clarify. And Pascal, maybe you wanted to put some more. On the channel, maybe I can say a few words. So first of all, you know, the best way to assess the performance of the channel is really to look at the incremental revenue and the license is still probably a good indicator across all the different engagement models, right? So if you follow me on this, all of them are growing higher than 20%. So when I say it's a broad base, it's really a broad base. And it's what we call the process channel, which has the best performance in terms of new license this year, in 2021. So by being much more close to 30 than 20%. So, and it's not a surprise when you think about it, because during the pandemic, the direct sales resisted relatively well. The mainstream, the theory also, but the process, the supply chain were really the one being under pressure. And we have been able to almost catch up the lack in 2020 and 2021. So I think we are relatively on a good path. To complement what Bernard said on the 3D experience distributed across all the brands, you have to be a little bit careful. This is true that for Enovia, almost two-thirds of the revenue of Enovia is 3D experience based, but it's a third, more than a third for Delmia, also for Katia. So it's not the only one. Okay. If I may quickly, my annual question on SolidWorks unit volume, my calculation is that it looks like your 2021 SolidWorks new commercial seed volume was similar to perhaps slightly better than where you were in 2019. So perhaps just around 76,000 or so. So not quite back to where you were in 2018 just yet. This is true, but with one big difference, the average seed price increased, which means we are more and more capable to enrich the package. And one of the reasons, you should remember, Jay, I will say 60% of the units are coming from existing customers. So they are the one not buying anymore the base package, are the one buying the full package. That's basically the reason why also you have such a growth. It's a combination of units and average value. Okay. Also, by the way, thank you for the headcount and hiring comments. That's always useful insight. Thank you, Jay. By the way, you will have a neighbor because Ruben's family is still in New York for a few months, and he will probably fly to New York in the coming weeks. That's right. Great. I'll pick you up at the airport. Okay. Maybe later for coffee. Next question, please. Thank you. The next question comes from Ryan of Nils Tia from Redburn. Please ask your question. Hi. Thanks very much. I just have a couple of quick ones. The first one is just looking at sales and marketing expenses and I suppose the OPEX cost ratios in general. Quite clearly, as we've gone through the pandemic because of travel and also hiring, you're running with sales and marketing at around about 300 to 400 basis points below where we were sort of pre-pandemic. I'm just wondering, would you expect over the next couple of years for that to pick up to closer to the sort of 29%, 30% cost ratio that we've seen in the past? Or are there structural reasons as to why henceforth sales and marketing should be at sort of a structurally lower level? That's the first question. Neil, Pascal will answer to this question. So, you know, as the chief operating officer, I learned something during the pandemic. We have been capable to grow without having more resources. And believe it or not, we have increased dramatically the productivity. If I compare to 19, it's per head, per salespeople, it's more than 11%. So why I'm saying this? Because it's going to be a combination between obviously more resources because we need to reinforce the coverage we have in certain regions of the world or certain verticals. But at the same time, I still believe we still can continue to improve the productivity, maybe not at this level every year, but at least a few percentage points. It's probably something we could be able to achieve. And this will give probably the ability for us to finance a different go-to-market. Because we are speaking about the traditional one, but there are activities where we need to invest because it's a different way to go to market. It's still embryonic, and we still need to invest. So the net is it will not have a big difference. However, we have some lever to expand the different nature of the go-to-market we have. That's probably the way we could get it. So just to clarify, are you suggesting that we will see quite over the next couple of years, the sales and marketing cost ratio will go back up, but perhaps not back up to the 30% level? Or are you suggesting it's more sustainable at the 25%, 26% level? No, no, it will increase because I say to you, we did not hire almost one single person each one last year. I mean, it's not sustainable. However, if you do the math, you have to include some productivity effects because we had some productivity the last two years. And now it's part of my duty to make sure that we grow the coverage, but at the same time, we are also improving the productivity. Okay, thank you. And just zeroing in on life sciences, obviously, taking all of the commentary together with regards to the growth in medication and so forth, it looks as though the softness that you saw in Q4 was quite clearly with the original accelerator businesses. Is that a little bit surprising? That's more on the discovery side, I think, their product set. And have you actually signed for deferral there, or is that sort of, if you like, a permanent deferral and you'll never fully recover that revenue as we go through the 2022 year? I'm happy to answer. So, you know, the impact that we had in the fourth quarter is temporary. These are two renewals that we are actively working on to close in, I would say, early 2022. It could be the first quarter, it could be the second quarter. These are two major customers of ours where we have established relationships, and it's only a question of time. I think the other part that I would like to add to the Bayouvia business as well in life sciences, we are also progressively transforming Bayouvia towards a more subscription model than what it used to be because it was heavily dependent on licenses. And that creates some variability from time to time. So that's another factor that we will talk about throughout 2022. Okay, thank you.

Thank you, Neil. One final question, please go on, Nadia. Yes, of course, the last final question comes from Jason Salino from KBCM. Please ask your question. Great. Thanks for fitting me in. Just a couple of quick ones on a couple of the brands. First on Simulia, you know, it's nice to see double-digit growth there. It's been doing quite well for the past few quarters from what I can remember. You know, so my question here is, you know, is the strength we're seeing, you know, from share gains versus the simulation competitive market or is it more, you know, broader industry strength recovery, you know, from that? Simulia, I think what is big, there are two major factors where basically we create a game changer situation. Number one, on the SOLIDWORKS install base, customers were used to use our competitor product on desktop. And now we are offering cloud-based Simulia. Extremely successful, easier to provision and to put in operation. And it has created a very nice dynamic in what we call the works family. And John Paolo is doing a very great job, John Paolo Bassi, on this topic. In fact, he's going to work on the full works family and not only SOLIDWORKS. And we have just announced that the new CEO of SOLIDWORKS is Manish Kumar. But John Paolo is taking the full scope responsibility for 3DEXPANS works. That's one driver. And the second one is multi-physics platform-based integration, which is connecting the power flow, the EMAG, the stress, and all of this together in a consistent environment. And we see a lot of customers moving from isolated simulation to integrated system simulation. I think it's unstoppable in my mind. And we have plenty of opportunities to continue to sustain a strong growth in this area. Perfect. And then maybe one quick final one. You know, SOLIDWORKS maybe earlier in 2021 had some pretty robust growth, you know, possibly from pent-up demand. You know, this quarter, 8% growth, you know, feels quite good, normal, maybe close to what we were seeing pre-pandemic. You know, is that the right way to think about the SOLIDWORKS business, you know, normalizing from these levels? I think so. You're right. I mean, if you remember, SOLIDWORKS was really the first product line to recover. And there is no base effect compared to last year. And the 8%, 8 to 9 is a good number. Okay, perfect. Thank you all and have a good afternoon. Thank you, everyone, for participating. It's always a great pleasure to exchange with you and address your questions. And I know that Pascal and Ruben are now committed to do roadshows and visit you as quickly as possible, as soon as possible, and hopefully face-to-face. With that, thank you very much. Enjoy your day and talk to you soon. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect. Have a nice day. Thank you.

