 Good morning, my name is Indira Diaz, Cementos Argos IRO, and I welcome you to our third quarter results release.
 On the call today are Juan Esteban Calle, our CEO, Felipe Aristisabal, our CFO, Marisa
 The village of RIP, the VP of League of Legends Affairs,
 Bill Wagner, the EPRDIS Division.
 Carlos Giusti, the VP of the Columbia Division,
 and Camilo Restrepo, the VP of the Caribbean and Central America Division.
 is known as certain forward-looking statements.
 Any information during the call or in the reports and presentation uploaded at www.darkos.co.ir
 are related to Cementos Argos SA and its subsidiaries,
 which are based on the knowledge of core and facts,
 expectations, circumstances, and assumptions of future events.
 Various factors may cause arguments due to results, performance, or accomplishments to differ from those expressed herein.
 The forward-looking statements are made to date and our customers are assuming the obligation to update said statements in the future as a result of new information future events or any other factors.
 Today, after the initial remarks, there will be a Q&A session.
 If you have a question, please raise your hand by pressing the icon at the bottom of
 your
 screen at any time during the conference. We will record this chaotic session and
 and reload it in our web page.
 It is now my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Kail.
 I would like to start by highlighting the approval of the $1.2 trillion by parties and
 infrastructure during the U.S. last Friday, including $550 billion in infrastructure and
 more specifically, $110 billion of investments in roads,
 bridges and major transformational projects.
 The increased demand from this bill in the U.S. will have a great impact in our performance
 and strategic plans in the near future taking into account the relevance of this market
 within our footprint.
 Now moving on to the third quarter results, we evidence a strong performance of our volumes
 some prizes in this amendment and limit segment
 in most of the countries where we operate
 between the third quarter.
 market dynamics continue to be positive in all regions
 with the strong signals of the economic reactivations.
 as my pre-economic indicators in most of our markets,
 continue to evolve favorably.
 In this context that has also generated cost inflation
 freshers, are those holes a privileged position given its capacity to locally produce clinker
 and cement in each of the regions where we operate.
 Additionally, the strategic geographic location of our network of ports and our own plate
 of vessels facilitate the integration of the Cartagena plant, which is one of the most
 efficient in the Americas with the grinding station remix operations in the U.S. and the
 Caribbean. I would also like to take advantage of this opportunity to mention that we recently
 our firmware commitment towards the sustainable development of our company and the communities
 We serve.
 which is particularly important in these times
 of accelerated economic growth.
 Our company has reduced CO2 emission by 14%
 during the last 10 years from the Baseland and it's committed to improve
 further by cutting its CO2 emissions by 29% on the cement operations by 2030 and offer
 carbon neutral concrete by 2050 in line with the GCCA roadmap.
 successful track record on developing green products such as the calcine
 placement in Colombia, together with our ambitions, projects on the development of new technologies
 Leave us well positioned to achieve these ambitious goals.
 Now, referring to our consolidating results, I would like to mention that all the reference made to
 with that remix and some in volumes and their percentage evolution versus last year are made
 or on a comparable basis.
 excluding the adjustments that are explained in more detail in the presentation that is
 currently being displayed and in the report that is available on our IR website.
 and these patches reached 4.2 million tons
 between the quarter with a year where we had an increase of 11.9% on a like for like
 basis as a result of the positive evolution in all three regions.
 Preliminix volume accounted for 1.9 million cubic meters, increasing 5.7% versus the same
 quarter of 2020 on a like for like basis amidst a combination of recovery of the
 industrial segment in Colombia and challenging wear conditions in the US.
 Revenues accounted for 2.5 trillion pesos during the third quarter, posting an increase
 of 5.3% year over year as a result of better pricing and improved volumes in most of our
 markets.
 The adjusted EBITDA for the period was 473 billion pesos, increasing 2.4 percent on a
 and I like for like basis versus the third quarter of 2020.
 benefitted by the strong performance of revenues and partially affected by one of adjustments
 in the U.S. and the flationary pressure on cost in all three regions.
 year to date, the adjusted EBITDA stood at 1.44 trillion pesos, reflecting the strong dynamic
 of the current year.
 Now to start with our results in each region,
 I would like to invite Bill to provide more context about the performance of the US region
 and our view for the market.
 Thank you one and good morning everyone. I would like to start by highlighting the outstanding commercial performance in our markets as
 evidenced by the increase of our cement and radio mix volumes by 11.6 percent and 1.5
 percent respectively versus the third quarter of 2020 on a life-for-life basis. These results
 are particularly positive taking into account the challenging weather conditions that we
 experienced in our Houston and Georgia markets, where we faced during the quarter the highest
 number of bad weather dates in the last four and five years, respectively.
 improving economic conditions particularly in the oil industry and the
 tourism sector, where the main driver is behind the positive volume evolution of the
 quarter. On the cement business, the Carolinas were the best performing states with a 20.4%
 growth and volume when compared to last year while the city of Houston and the
 state of Florida were the best performing areas on the ready mix segment with the year
 over year growth to 8.2% and 3.1%, respectively.
 Prices have behaved accordingly, increasing 1.1% in cement and 2.3% in ready mix versus
 the same quarter of last year.
 The EBITDA of the quarter remains strong but was affected by one-off adjustments related
 into a process of assets and inventories cleanup
 that the company has been carrying out
 for the last 18 months.
 particularly on the third quarter,
 this generated a non-recurring expense of $4.6 million
 that affects the even topic does not represent any cash flow for the company.
 This cleanup process that involves a physical count of inventories and assets was concluded
 during the quarter for the ready-mix business.
 and it will be concluded before the end of the year
 for the cement business.
 It's important to highlight that these ride-offs
 or carried out amidst our initiatives
 of continuous improvement in our normal and accompanying
 like hours.
 that is the result of several processes of acquisitions
 and I best it shares over the last 15 years.
 the worldwide economic reactivism
 on the cost per cubic meter in fuels is even higher, increasing 32% when compared to the
 the same quarter of last year.
 As a result of the quarterly EBITDAB, the U.S. stood at $62 million, decreasing year
 over a year 9.7% on a life-for-life basis, affected by weather conditions, non-cash
 adjustments and cost headwinds, as explained before.
 Year-to-date, our adjusted EBIT DOS stands at $191 million,
 which represents a 2.1% improvement on a comparable basis
 versus the same period of 2020.
 The approval of the Bipartisan Infrastructure Deal, as Juan previously mentioned, is a constructive
 announcement for the presence of Argos in the U.S.
 Preliminary market expectations indicate that the incremental demand will add around four
 45% of cement consumption per year, that in already tight supply conditions will set out
 to proper market environment for improved profitability over the coming years.
 Additionally, increased investment arising from this bill, which is significantly higher
 than the previous infrastructure program known as the FAST Act will also boost employment
 as well as other macroeconomic indicators ending an additional benefit for our company.
 In terms of market dynamics, you
 The evolution of the indicators surrounding the construction industry is the U.S. suggests
 for
 growth in the midterm that together with efficiencies implemented in our
 operations and the strategic divestitures carried out recently should translate into
 to additional improvements and profitability
 for the coming periods.
 On the residential segment, housing starts
 and building permits increased during the quarter,
 8.7 and 6.2 percent respectively year-over-year, which combined with the decrease in unemployment
 and the general positive outlook for the U.S. economy
 should continue to perform well in the short term.
 The commercial segment, on the other hand, continues to reactivate as evidenced by the
 architectural building index that in September stood at 56.6 points, one of the highest scores
 seen in 2021. Similarly, the Dodge Momentum Index posted
 solid gains in September in both commercial and institutional components after slowing
 planning activity reflected on readings from the previous months.
 This segment, during the quarter, Argos started to supply a large manufacturing campus project
 for the Global Compact Equipment Manufacturer,
 Doos and Bobcat.
 that would represent a volume of around 17,000 cubic meters
 with the majority of the concrete expected to be poured
 by March of 2022.
 In this same line, we were recently awarded
 with the Radiomix Supply Contract for a new
 Cinemark Theater in Jacksonville that we use around 4,000 cubic meters of a special blend of concrete
 where we use a specific fly ash blend to create a low-carbon environmentally
 friendly product, reinforcing our commitment towards sustainability.
 We expect this constructive trend
 to continue in the midterm, followed by a suitable
 international environment that the continuation
 of the cement supercycle in the U.S.
 the concentration of our U.S. cement ready mix operations
 around big urban areas, together with the ability
 to integrate our Cartagena plant with a portion of these operations and the import capacity
 of our ports will be our main strategic advantages to capture all the growth derived from this
 to upcoming cycle.
 Thank you, Bill. We are fully convinced of the potential of our U.S. operations to fully
 captured the future value of a growing market in the U.S., especially taking it to account
 the recent approval of the infrastructure deal.
 Now moving to Colombia, I would like to highlight the improvements in the local market after
 the exposure and rest experienced on the last quarter.
 Carlos will now provide additional color on this region.
 Thank you, Juan.
 and good morning.
 On the third quarter of the year, the industry experience
 full recovery of demand across the country and reach the highest water level 70 patches
 so far in 2021.
 conditionally improved, we were able to continue strengthening our dispatches with special
 focus in the retail segment, which continues delivering
 restaurant is all supported by self-construction.
 Semambolions grew 14.4% versus the same period of 2020.
 benefited from the overall market growth and our strategy of increasing exposure to the
 in the retail segment.
 Meanwhile, on the re-mixed business,
 volume grew 9.3% year over year as former constructions
 the instruction.
 continuous closing the gap versus pre-pandemic levels.
 During the quarter, we also experienced inflationary pressures in the cement business cost per ton
 increased year over year 13% in fuels and 4% in electric energy as of September.
 In order to partially mitigate this inflationary trend, we renegotiated a concert with one
 of our main freight companies generating savings in cash of approximately $14 billion per year.
 due to a chain in accounting treatment of the contract which went from a living under
 IFR-X16 to a regular transportation contract, we also have to incur in additional operational
 expenses that will affect our yearly 2021 EBITDA in 8 billion pesos.
 From this total amount, 6 billion pesos were registered during the third quarter, affecting
 the comparability of our figures.
 If that was 24.2% higher than the previous year,
 despite the cost pressures previously discussed.
 A victim margin stood at 20.7% in the quarter, at 21.5%
 year to date 220 basis points higher than 2020.
 These outstanding results reflect the successful deployment of our commercial strategy as well
 as well as the plants that we have executed to mitigate inflationary pressures as most
 as possible.
 in terms of pricing, the cement segment remains stable sequentially, while remix prices were
 1.9% lower than the second quarter of 2021. We consider that recent dynamics in field cost inflation
 higher land and maritime phrase and global cement
 and trading dynamics, which have resulted in higher import parity prices will continue
 to influence the national industry and prices will gain traction over the following months.
 dynamics in formal construction continued on an strong footing as indicators provide positive
 the signals on the residential and infrastructure segments.
 Year-to-day, social and non-social housing
 continue to post in strong sales,
 growing 48% of 47% respectively year over year.
 year and housing starts reach in July a new all-time high monthly figure
 signaling a strong second semester for the consumption of building materials.
 On infrastructure, we are proud to announce that we will be suppliers of the patio-tiger
 of the Bogota Metro, where we will provide approximately 100,000 cubic meters of concrete
 over the next 14 months.
 We were also awarded the contract to provide the second module of the Guillermo Gaviria Tunnel which is part of the MAR-1
 where we will provide close to 200,000 cubic meters of concrete.
 for the rest of 2021
 And for 2022, we expect infrastructure construction in Colombia to continue accelerating.
 in road construction infrastructure projects such as Santana Mokua Neiva and Maya Vial del
 meta are expected to begin construction in 2022.
 on the same line.
 Maja El Del Baje.
 The first 5G project is expected to begin
 in the second semester of the same year.
 Additionally, urban projects such as the Bogotá Metro and 23 million lines will start the
 construction phase this year, providing positive support for the cement demand forecast.
 in terms of our sustainable product portfolio
 and as part of our comprehensive strategy to deliver
 sustainable solutions to our clients, we launch our green cement in the northern
 son of the country. Distributors and construction sites in six departments will start receiving
 this product, which in its production process reduces close to 35% of CO2 emissions.
 We are optimistic that we will finish 2021 with a strong performance as the industry
 It continues displaying its resiliency and strong demand condition despite the challenges
 it has recently faced.
 Thank you, Carlos. We are pleased with the evolution in terms of volumes and formal construction in Colombia
 and are fully committed with increasing our profitability in the foreseeable future.
 Moving on to the Caribbean and Central America, I would like to highlight the positive pricing dynamics on the region.
 Camilo will provide additional information on this subject.
 Thank you, Juan, and good morning, everyone.
 The Central American Caribbean region exhibited good commercial dynamics during the quarter
 in most of our markets.
 derived from the economic reactivation that led to stable local volumes and better pricing
 environment.
 Decement dispatches increased during the quarter 10.1% versus the same period of last year,
 mainly due to the improvement of trading volumes
 increased 71.3% as an indirect effect of the exports to the U.S. which have grown consistently
 compared to the previous year, accounting for 109,000 tons during the quarter and 272,000
 times year to date.
 Honduras continues to exhibit positive market dynamics, improving in both prices and volumes
 year over year.
 values in the country displayed a 2.2% growth versus the same quarter of last year, despite
 the rainy season of the country.
 The Dominican Republic has steady volumes and continues the trend of improving prices
 year over year. The market also continues to display the positive commercial dynamics
 that have been present since the reopening of the country last year after the shutdowns
 during the pandemic.
 amount when compared to the same quarter of last year is the country with the highest
 percentage improvement in terms of volume with an increase of 26.1 percent due to the
 recovery of the country after the pandemic that has been more noticeable on the current
 Thank you.
 Nevertheless, the local construction materials industry continues to face challenges associated
 to high housing inventories and the lack of infrastructure
 projects in construction phase, which
 has led to a poor pricing environment within the country.
 Some of the major infrastructure projects,
 such as a third line of the Panama Metro are now starting
 and we'll start to improve market dynamics in the country.
 Haiti on the other side exhibited significant price improvements, but cement dispatches have
 and low due to a political and social stability in the country in addition to some technical
 difficulty in the plant derived from the earthquake that occurred on August 14th.
 Puerto Rico also had a positive price performance, followed by a 7.4% year-over-year decreasing
 in volumes explained by a higher comparison base for last year, resulting from the pent-up
 demand experience after shutdowns.
 The French Guyana experienced growth in both prices and volumes,
 boasting a significant increase in the number of people
 6.6% increase in cement dispatches versus the third quarter of 2020.
 I would like to highlight the finalization of construction and inauguration of the Ariane
 space launch platform, a marvel of modernity located in the middle of the French Guiana,
 close to the town of Kuru that has its inaugural flight on September for this
 project that makes part of the European Space Agency with dispatch around 54,000 tons of
 three different types of cement with high levels of performance and advanced technical
 specifications.
 One product that was introduced to the space complex portfolio
 was a road binder, a soil and road stabilization solution
 with a broad application possibilities in the region.
 Across the region, average prices increased 6.1% year over year, reaching the highest
 average quarterly price of the last three years.
 this positive evolution caused by the combination of recovering,
 local markets and the increase in import parity prices are strong signals of the economic
 recovery in the region.
 costs were also impacted in the CCA region due to the inflationary pressures affecting
 global economy, especially prices of the fossil fuels that are commonly used in most of these
 countries to generate electricity for both the residential and industrial sector, and see if
 fried costs that had a significant increase during the third quarter and impacted some
 spot cargoes. Total EBITDA for the CCA region stood at $32 million during the third quarter,
 decreasing 7.9 percent year over a year as a result of the challenges in Haiti.
 the incremental cost in fuels, trades, and raw materials, as well as the maintenance of the
 of the Karthahena plant that affected the volume of experts
 in favor of the volumes of trading during the quarter.
 Here today, EBITDA accounted for $117 million
 with an increase of 32.4% year-over-year.
 explained by the strong performance of most countries.
 We expect inflationary pressures to continue
 the short term in the CCA region given the macroeconomic conditions but market dynamics
 with positive pricing trends should lead to positive results in the following quarters.
 Thank you, Camilo. I would like now to make reference to our buying statement.
 As of September 2021, our net debt to EBITDA plus dividends ratio remained stable in 3.1
 despite the dividends paid during the quarter.
 For the end of the year, we maintain our guidance of a leverage ratio below three times.
 even the positive forecast of EBITDA and cash generation that we expect for the last quarter of the year.
 On October 20th, we attended the virtual bell ring ceremony on the Santiago Stock Exchange,
 officially launching the cross-listing of our stock in the Chilean market, which resulted
 from the agreement made between the Colombian
 and this one, the other stock exchange.
 with this initiative, together with the market-maker contract
 that we have signed with La Reimbiale to provide equity
 to our stock in this market, we expect to attract new investors to our company to enhance
 and diversified our investor base.
 Before ending my intervention, I would like to welcome Felipe Aristizal, who has been
 recently appointed as CFO Argos and has joined our executive committee. Felipe is an economist
 from Universidad de Afez in Colombia and has an MBA from London's Business School in
 the UK. He has held several positions in investment banking in the past and before joining our
 company was the M&A managing director of DuPois. We believe that Felipe is a great addition
 to our team and his talent and skills will be key for the development of our company
 in the coming years.
 Thank you all for your attention.
 Indeed, I would like to thank you
 time.
 Now it's started.
 with the Q&A session.
 Thank you, Juan.
 We will proceed now with the Q&A session.
 Please remember that in order to ask a question,
 you need to raise your hand using the icon that
 at the bottom of your screen. I will say your name and company and will enable you microphone.
 Taking into account that you need to unmute your microphone before you speak.
 First question comes from Juliana Aguilar from Vancouver, Colombia.
 Hi, good morning, everyone, and thanks for the call.
 I have three questions.
 My first one is regarding your energy matrix.
 energy matrix. I was wondering if you could tell us how is the energy matrix currently composed
 and how do you expect it to be in 2030 in accordance with your goal of reducing CO2 emissions by 29%.
 My second question is, even the cost pressures you're experiencing, do you expect to consolidate
 EBITDA margin to remain below 20% in the coming quarters and last one just to be
 sure the 62 million dollar figure for the U.S. in this quarter is not excluding the
 and on recurring expense of $4.6 million.
 Thank you very much.
 Good morning Juliana and thank you for for your questions. I mean our energy
 matrix is basically composed of coal, natural gas and pet coke. We are using alternative
 fuels at more or less a consolidated level of five to six percent right now. Our goal to comply with
 our target of CO2 emissions to 2030 is to increase that use of alternative fuels to at least 30%
 percent in our energy matrix and that together with increasing the use of
 of alternative cementing materials
 will allow us to reach that goal of 523 CO2 tons per equivalent
 tone of cement that we have targeted for 2030.
 Yes, second question in terms of cost pressure, yes, I think that the impact of the cost fuel
 inflation in the quarter was more or less 1% of our revenues impacting our
 with a margin our goal going forward is still to have margins with a margin in
 excess of 20 percent. We see a very favorable pricing environment going forward that would
 allow us to mitigate the cost inflation that we are facing currently. So in all of our
 projections, our margins will still be in excess of 20% on a consolidated basis going forward.
 And can you please, Juliana, remind me the third question?
 Yeah, I just want to be sure that the EBITDA figures for this part of the $62 million is
 not excluding the non-recording expense of 4.6 million you mentioned from the cleanup process.
 Yes, Hulena, that is correct.
 Great, thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from Rodrigo Sánchez from Davi Vienta Corredores.
 Yes, good morning and thank you for the presentation. I've got two questions
 The first one is could you please comment on your commodity prices hedging strategy going forward and
 And as of today, how much of the expected consumption is under any type of edgy.
 And my second question is related to CAPEX and how much are you expecting to invest in
 U.S. to upgrade or update your port infrastructure to be able to to use its full potential.
 Thank you.
 Thank you Rodri, I mean currently we are not using hedge on our fuels, I mean what we
 We have some contracts in place.
 And that way, I mean, we are mitigating in some way the increasing fuel prices that are
 currently going on on the market. But we are not using hedging strategies. In terms of
 capex for 2021, we are still working the numbers for the 2021 budget, so we are still not giving any
 guidance on the CAPEX for 2021.
 Thank you. Thank you.
 Next question comes from Nicholas Dilipman from Morgan Stanley.
 Sorry. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions here. Basically a question on pricing
 if you could provide any color on the pricing dynamics in the United States during this
 quarter. It looks when we look at across the different reports and different
 companies that have been very different dynamics, depending on the markets, would be very interested
 to hear what you have been seeing and also if you can provide any color on what kind of
 and price increases you're looking at for early 2022.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much, Nicolas, for the question.
 I would like Bill Wagner to answer that question.
 Yeah, Nicholas, thank you very much for the question.
 What we're seeing in the U.S. is some pretty strong deadline, as you know, with inflation
 and our goal, like we've said in the past, is to stay above inflation and that's why
 why we did announce the second increase this year.
 You know, we're monitoring that closely,
 also going into next year and our goal will be similar, you know, there's still a lot
 head when although I think some inflationary cost makes light in the
 little. Our goal is to stay ahead of inflation so we'll do that through the
 revenue side of the business and the pricing side of the business, but we do expect to
 to stay ahead of that.
 By the way, competitors have talked about double digits anywhere from $12 to $15 in
 January.
 something, is that sort of the ballpark number that you're thinking about?
 Yeah, Nicholas, I don't really comment on specific pricing like like that so you know like I said
 I mean, our goal is to stay ahead of inflation and, you know, we expect that, you know, pretty
 strong demand next year and I think we've done a pretty good job this year on
 on the pricing side.
 So, our expectation is to, you know, stay in that same ballpark.
 just stay ahead of cost.
 Good. Thank you.
 Next question comes from Estefanía Mosquera from Credit Card Capital.
 Good morning. Thank you very much for the presentation. My first question is regarding
 infrastructure plants in Colombia, the U.S. and Panama.
 I would like to know how much dispatches you are expecting from this segment in the three
 regions compared to what we have been seeing in 2021.
 The second question is regarding metal prices.
 I am wondering if you are seeing high metal prices as a risk for the demand in the residential
 sector. And my third question is regarding port capacity. I saw on local media that you are
 planning to expand the Cartagena plan further to 2 million tons expert capacity so I would like to
 to have more color in that front.
 Thank you, Stefanie. I mean, we are expecting solid growth in infrastructure in all of our religions.
 the amount in Colombia has been really strong I mean with respect in the market to close to
 to 30 to 30 million tons of demand in 2021.
 and we see further growth in 2022.
 we expect the infrastructure segment of the market to continue performing well in Colombia
 into 2022. In the U.S. similarly we are expecting solid growth in our volumes in the U.S. going into
 to 2022, we expect the impact of the infrastructure package
 to start materializing more into 2023.
 But in any case, we are expecting the segment to continue growing, at least in the mid-single
 digits in 2022. In Panama, so far things are starting to improve a little bit and we are
 content that the major infrastructure projects that are in the pipeline in
 Panama will start to materialize in 2022. Being that segment, one of the main drivers of demanding
 In Panama, we expect volumes to grow at least high single digits in Panama next year.
 In terms of adding capacity to Cartagena, we have been doing that for quite a long time already.
 We are planning to grow export out of Cartagena between 35% and 40% next year, I mean going
 from 1 million tons to close to 1.4 million tons. We are finalizing the expansion of the
 of the Cartagena port.
 So that will help in a significant way.
 So that is basically the expansions
 that we are planning in Carolina to take advantage
 of the major opportunities that we are seeing
 at all in Houston and all the markets in the U.S. but also in Central America and the Caribbean.
 And in terms of cost inflations impacting the residential sector in Colombia and in
 our markets I mean up to now we still see a very good dynamic in terms of
 housing starts and I'm sales bad.
 One of the major challenges going into 2022, I mean, things will be a little bit of that
 cost inflation, but so far the dynamic is still very positive.
 Next question comes from Vanessa Kiruga from Credit Suisse.
 Bye.
 Thanks for joining.
 taking my questions.
 The first one is a quick one about the cleanup process
 in the U.S. just wondering if this will continue in coming quarters in terms of the inventory
 and assets and evaluation.
 The other one is about the Central America region.
 Can you remind us what each of the main countries there
 is contributing to revenues and the big eyes possible.
 and wondering specific about your outlook for IT.
 And finally, just reviewing your strategy to mitigate that cost inflation, energy cost
 inflation in each region, beyond pricing strategy.
 I mean, what are you doing in terms of contracts
 or a flexibility of the use of fuels
 and increasing in alternative fuels.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much, Rami.
 team, you know, our process is that we have been carrying out for the last
 We check to finish that process.
 role you see a impact similarly to the one that we recorded in third quarter.
 In terms of getting the CCA situation in Haiti, I would like...
 Excuse me, you are breaking and I don't think I can hear you well.
 I'll take for the answer in lieu of one on CCA.
 So the situation in Haiti, as you might have read on the news Vanesa, is complicated in terms of political and the situation overall in the country.
 And we expect it to, of course, improve.
 I think that Haiti has had this in the last years.
 recurring, of course, not in the same way
 that is happening this year,
 but we expect the country to fully recover
 and have a good performance over the last quarter
 or at least a few months of the year,
 the next year. So there's a good demand for cement and Haiti growing population and there's a lot
 a lot of opportunity in Haiti.
 So we still think that it's a potentially good country with a lot of growth.
 He also asked about individual countries.
 I don't know if we have them specifically in the numbers,
 but for the quarter, it's around 10 million a bit
 for Honduras, $3 million for Panama,
 six for the Dominican Republic and for Puerto Rico.
 that's for the largest sources of evidence in the region.
 That's that's great
 Thank you very much. I don't know if Juan is back to discuss about energy
 strategy?
 I think I'm back and I can't hear me now.
 Sorry about that.
 about the issues. So I would like, I mean, Carlos Camilo and Bill just to talk about the mitigating strategies that we are putting in place for cost inflation.
 Okay, Juana. Hi, Vanessa. I'm glad to hear you.
 Okay, in relation to Colombia, we are, first way, we are trying to increase the use of
 but they're not the fuels.
 mainly in Rio Clarone and in our plan of Cartagena as well we are trying to mix different kinds
 different types of calls, which is possible in Colombia, because we have different sources for
 for this product. In the case of the Cartagena, we usually use the call from the Cucuta region,
 but we are missing with other sources as well.
 But the first objective is to increase the alternates using the in the long term.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 Vanessa, on the U.S. side, I mean, I think a couple of things that we've been doing that
 we're mainly focusing on now is because of the increase in natural gas we've begun, I
 I guess seven months or so ago, shifting some of our plants back to using coal, which has
 reduced our cost to some degree.
 And I think along with Carlos's point,
 the alternative fuels has become, you know, a focus of ours and has been for some time
 and we continue to move into a more positive direction with alternative fuels.
 And Vanessa, for the Caribbean region, we also have the project now in place, or starting
 in the short term for increasing alternative fuels in Honduras, that will, of course, give
 was a little bit better pricing or a very, very, very costing just fuels, but we haven't
 implemented already, various alternatives there in Honduras with respect to trying to get
 best possible fuel cost and that's using high sulfur fuel in combination with fluoride with
 to GEL mineralizer, which allows us to use high-profile fuel
 pet coke, which is lower cost than normal pet coke and coal.
 And the other thing that we did is,
 we increased our capacity of storage
 in our real and keto facility
 that also gives us the possibility
 to bring in much higher volumes of pet coke and decrease of cost.
 Also, you know, we've implemented photovoltaic energy for Honduras and we're planning to expand
 that and other than that we are negotiating contracts that will include more for electricity
 in other countries such as the Dominican Republic that will include more PV as well.
 So in the mix, we'll try to ease up on the inflation cost, both for fuel and electricity.
 electricity.
 Thank you, Kami. Finally, Vanes, I would like to repeat my answer to your first question because the connection wasn't stable,
 So, I was mentioning that we are in the final stage of the cleanup process in the U.S.
 expect to finalize that process by the end of the fourth quarter. It has been
 and ongoing process for the last 18 months.
 I mean, just doing physical counts of fixed assets
 because of all the activity of acquisitions and the end
 investments in the U.S., we wanted to do like a physical count of all our fixed assets in the U.S.,
 So, probably you will see like a similar ride over in the fourth quarter, but that will be the end of that process.
 Thank you very much everybody for the clear answers.
 Next question comes from Francisco Suarez from Scotiabank.
 Good morning, and thank you for the cold one. The questions that I have is
 Please note that you are expanding your overall port capacity in Cartagena.
 Is there any constraint from your marketing terminals in the US to match the overall import
 capacity that you have in the United States.
 And second, a question related also with your overall set of grinding meals that you have
 in the U.S. that clearly are prepared to blend lots of types of different cements across
 of the region.
 Is there any regional challenge in terms of permissions of approved is blended cement products
 In Florida, relative to, say, South Carolina or North Carolina, is there any meaningful
 differences on the type of the blended cement process that you may allow to sell in those
 markets and how do you see the overall reception on the market of switching more to blended
 cements compared to the Portland cement product. And lastly, one of your
 levels that you described to mitigate or to cut emissions on your
 2030 goals relates with the increase in the share of alternative views, but what about
 the overall intensity in energy.
 Is that a lever that we should be seeing
 to potentially cut the emissions as well?
 And if that might imply additional capex in your plans,
 and perhaps more and more cap picks in certain regions
 compared to others.
 Good morning, Paquan. Thank you for the questions. In terms of any constraint in the U.S., we
 currently have like an import capacity of close to 4.5 million tons in our
 and terminals, what we will do and what we are doing to match the increased capacity
 out of Cartagena is to increase the capacity of imports in our Houston port. We will be able
 by the end of 2022 to probably double the import capacity that we currently have at that terminal
 in Houston so that is an important piece of our of our strategy going forward and
 and we will continue investing in our ports and terminals in the U.S.
 because we see that those assets are a very important strategic advantage that we have
 in the company going forward.
 In terms of blended cement in the U.S., we are extremely excited with the potential
 of 1L Cement in the U.S. I would like Bill to give you more color on our strategy with
 one is going forward.
 Yeah, Francisco, thank you very much for the question
 And, you know, as of now you brought up the challenge of acceptance, and I think there's
 There's been a lot of movement towards accepting blended summits in the U.S. most of the states
 now.
 have moved towards public acceptance.
 There are a few.
 none of which are in our current print that are still questioning it to some
 bit.
 I think there's a lot of opportunity there and we're moving our strategy very quickly
 to that effort.
 As of right now, we feel like next year,
 somewhere between maybe upwards of just over 30%, we could end up blending, which I think
 would be a big benefit to the company and our results.
 And again, it stays in line with our overall strategy.
 So yeah, we're pretty excited about the opportunity.
 in terms of the levers, I mean, to reduce our CO2 impact emissions, I mean, sure, I mean,
 is not only to increase the use of alternative fuels
 to reduce the clicker to cement ratio.
 with not only the growth of 1L cement in the U.S. but also the increased importance of
 alternative cementitious materials such as calcine clay, which has been a
 a real success for us in Colombia and we see a huge potential for that type of a green
 instruments in all of our geographies and, of course, improving the energy efficiency
 of our processes is another important lever in that goal to reach the targeting in 2030.
 Thank you for that very clear. If I may, just an additional question in overall pricing dynamics in
 Colombia, now clearly cost on the rise for FOB, clinker costs, I guess that now you're
 overall import capacity for you to match the import parity costs that you see in the region
 have increased by the increase in tariffs as well. Is it fair to assume that the prices
 in Colombia are likely to increase, including the coastal in the northern zone of Colombia
 in the coast.
 I mean, we are bullish on the prices in Colombia going forward, I mean,
 for parity prices are increasing in a significant way.
 for big prices are still way lower than in our opinion is the clear room level for the
 market. So we are very optimistic about prices in Colombia going forward.
 Thank you so much. Take care
 Juan, we don't have any more questions.
 Okay, so once again, thank you very much for your interest in instrumentos Argos and looking
 forward to our final conference call next year for the closing of 2021.
 So, see you soon and everybody have a great day.