 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by.
 Welcome to KKR's 4th Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
 During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode, following management's
 prepare remarks, the conference will be open for questions.
 If you should require operator assistance during the call, please press star 0 on your
 t-
 telephone keypad.
 As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.
 I'll now hand the call over to Craig Larson, Head of Investor Relations for KKR.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Operator.
 Good morning, everyone.
 Welcome to our fourth quarter, 2021 Onis call.
 As usual, I'm joined this morning by Rob Lue and our CFO.
 and Scott Noddle, our Co-Chief Executive Officer.
 We'd like to remind everyone that we'll refer to non-GAP measures on the call, which are
 reconciled to GAP figures in our press release, which is available on the Investor Center
 section at KTR.com. And as a reminder, we report our segment numbers on an adjusted share
 basis. Our call will contain forward-looking statements which do not guarantee future events
 or performance, please refer to our earnings release and SEC filings for cautionary factors
 about these statements.
 Now, before we jump into our results for the quarter, we'd like to take a step back and
 talk about Kiki Artful. As we look at our business, we see four things. First, we
 you see scaling. Organically, over the last 12 months, AUM and KTR increased 48 percent.
 For an asset management business of our size, that alone is a pretty remarkable statistic.
 including the Global Atlantic Acquisition, AELM increased
 87% year over year. Second, you're seeing the impact of the scaling across many of the
 numbers that we're reporting today. You see it in our financials, management fees for
 of the year increased 44%.
 The related earnings increased 54 percent, while the distributable earnings more than
 . . .
 all of these figures are at a record level for us.
 And you also see it in our operating statistics.
 activity, for example. It's at a new level. In 2020, we invested 30 billion across the firm.
 In 2021, that increased to over $70 billion.
 A new capital raised of $121 billion for the year reflects breadth and diversification.
 Only one third of that capital was raised from the broad private equity franchise, so
 including our growth strategies and core PE.
 Another one-third came from our real assets businesses with the remaining one-third coming
 from public markets.
 So, fundraising was truly diversified across the firm.
 And the other neat point about that $121 billion is that 45% of it came from strategies that
 It didn't exist at KKR five years ago.
 We think that says a lot about our culture
 and our focus on innovation.
 Third, looking forward, we remain very constructive on the opportunities we have ahead of us with
 multiple identifiable growth avenues on a global basis.
 Rob's going to touch on our fundraising pipeline and our areas of focus in a few minutes.
 And finally, remember we feel advantaged during periods of dislocation.
 There are very few long-dated pools of capital as large as ours that can take advantage of
 dislocations. And we have a unique business model and a unique culture that we think can
 lead to differentiated outcomes during these periods, and that's all alongside of 112 billion
 of dry powder.
 Suffice to say, there's plenty to focus on and a lot of compelling opportunities in
 the uncertain world in which we all find ourselves.
 Now, turning to our results.
 The fourth quarter was another very strong quarter for us.
 fee-related earnings per share of $0.69, and after-tax
 distributable learnings of $1.59 per share, our record quarterly figures for us, and full-year
 our FRE of $2.23 per share, and after tax DE of $4.44 per share, our record annual figures
 for us.
 looking at the quarters operating metrics.
 New capital raised total 19 billion driven by several strategies across private equity infrastructure real estate and credit
 Notably, health care, strategic growth, too, held its final close, bringing the fund to
 almost $4 billion or approximately three times larger than its predecessor.
 This brings new capital raise for 2021 to $121 billion, and this record fundraising and
 the addition of $98 billion from the global Atlantic acquisition in February significantly
 increased our acid base.
 AOM now totals $471 billion, up 87% year-over-year.
 The strength of this year's fundraising
 is importantly quite diverse, as I mentioned a minute ago,
 with about 70 billion from non-flagship strategies.
 Our younger strategies are scaling
 as they enter their second or third fund life,
 And we continue to innovate and expand in with adjacencies
 across strategies and across geographies.
 And GA grew by 25 billion through block activity alongside of organic inflows in the air.
 We deployed $23 billion in the quarter.
 capital invested in both traditional private equity
 and core private equity were strong.
 Our real estate platform continues to see robust deployment
 with real estate credit, particularly operating
 high run rate, and that's been amplified by global Atlantic.
 Similarly, on the public market side, GA has added to the rate of private credit deployment
 in the quarter.
 most meaningfully in asset-based finance with additional deployment in direct lending
 and opportunistic strategies. Q4's activity brings capital invested for
 2021 to 73 billion, up two and a half X year over year.
 We've seen a step function type change in the level of deployment driven by the size
 and diversity of our capital base while at the same time remaining
 in traditions and choosing her.
 Now just as we continue to see strength on the fundraising
 and deployment front, our funds and strategies
 continue to perform at a very high level.
 You can see this on page seven of the yearnings release,
 where we detail investment performance
 for the quarter and the year across investment strategies.
 And finally, I wanna touch on capital return
 before Rob walks through Arning's profile.
 as you can see at the bottom of page 2 of the release, consistent with historical practice.
 We're pleased to announce an increase in our annual dividend from $0.58 to $0.62 per share.
 This is the third consecutive year.
 We've increased our dividends since we changed our corporate structure, and the change will
 will go into effect beginning with any dividends to be announced for the first quarter of 2022.
 since our third quarter earnings call in November
 through last week. We repurchased $363 million of our stock in the open market. With the
 The majority of that coming in 2022 in the midst of all of this volatility.
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Rob.
 Thanks a lot, Frank.
 That'll walk you through our quarterly P&L.
 Our management fee is Q4 of 2020.
 Management fee growth was driven by closes across a number of active funds in the quarter.
 These closes, alongside our investment activity, bring free-paying AUM to $357 billion.
 The fundraising success experienced over the past few quarters is really starting to flow
 through this line, with another $38 billion of committed capital not yet paying fees.
 Our net transaction and monitoring fees were primarily driven by our capital markets franchise
 this quarter, which earned $320 million.
 This is a high point for us.
 This revenue figure also encompasses
 a record number of transactions in a single quarter.
 And we only had one fee event that was greater than $20 million.
 For the year, capital markets totaled 847 million
 with revenues diversified by type.
 approximately a quarter of our revenues related to each of private equity, infrastructure,
 as well as third-party clients.
 with the remaining quarter diversified across multiple different asset classes.
 Moving to our expenses fee related compensation came in right at that 22 and a half percent mark the midpoint of the range
 we've discussed previously, while our other operating expenses came in at $140 million.
 The increase here was driven by higher placement fees as well as professional fees given high
 activity levels across the firm.
 We are also all back in the office across most of our locations, leading to an up-tick
 and operating costs versus this time last year.
 in total
 This brings our fee-related earnings to $606 million
 for the quarter, which is up 45% versus Q4 of 2020.
 The quarterly and yearly FRD margin both came in at 63%.
 And on a per share basis, FRB is $2.23 for the year.
 Now, moving on to realizations.
 Realize...
 We are at interest totaled to $568 million in the quarter.
 realized in Santa Fe's total 351 million in the quarter, largely due to Marshall Wates'
 strong investment performance, and realize the investment
 income totaled $336 million.
 together.
 These earnings
 extreme has resulted in 1.4 billion of asset management
 operating earnings.
 Our insurance segment also experienced an incredibly strong quarter, with 347 million
 of operating earnings.
 In Q4, local analytics sold its interest in origins energy.
 A solar renewable energy developer at 12 times cost, resulting in a $200-plus-million
 to segment operating earnings.
 This was really an amazing result for Global Atlantic and all of its shareholders.
 We're still recognizing that 12-time gains are not representative of our Go Forward
 excluding all variable investment income for the year at GA. ROE would have still been a bit
 about 14 percent.
 This return represents a strong core operating level, and modestly above our 12-13% expected range.
 Most importantly, a year into our partnership with GA,
 we couldn't feel any better about our collective progress,
 including the performance and management,
 the profitability of our stake,
 scaling of the AUM and the integration of our
 in our teams.
 Total?
 After-tax Distributable Earnings were $1.4 billion for the quarter or $1.59 per share.
 during 2021 to 2020, the year per share is up over two times.
 alongside an increase in earnings,
 We are also seeing continued compounding in our book value for share, which now totals
 about $28.77.
 As a component of this, our 61% economic interest
 global Atlantic's book value.
 Now totals 3.4 billion, a 15% since the first month continues to perform at an exceptionally
 high level, and this is clearly evident in both our Q4 as well as our 2021 results.
 Now, there are two additional topics I would like to go through in a bit more detail.
 The first is our potential.
 In 2021, we generated almost $5 billion of distributable operating income, really a
 step function increase from the $2.3 billion that we generated in 2020.
 I have to be clear, we don't believe these results yet reflect even our run rate profitability,
 let alone our potential.
 There are a number of reasons why we have room to run.
 Let's start with management fees.
 At 1231, we have 38 billion of committed capital that isn't yet running through our management
 if you like.
 A year ago, that number was $20 billion, and as that $38 billion, which has a weighted
 average management fee north of 100 basis points is either invested or enters its investment
 period.
 public drive management fees in a meaningful way.
 And we'll come to our future fundraising potential from here in just a minute.
 Next are our embedded games.
 gross unrealized carry at year end totals 8.6 billion compared to 4.7 billion a year
 ago. So even after a record realization year, gross unrealized carry increased over 80 percent,
 Positioning us really well for future realized performance income and embedded balance she gains in 1231. We're 6.7 billion
 billion up from 4.4 billion a year ago.
 So similarly, while we saw a meaningful step-up in balance sheet realizations in 2021, our
 their embedded gains increased over 50%.
 And finally, as the overall footprint of the firm continues to grow, leading to increased
 deployment and more relationships. This, in turn, continues to expand the opportunities
 we expect to have in our capital markets business.
 So really strong performance in 2021,
 but with a really meaningful potential
 still yet in front of us.
 That leads into the second topic I'd like to touch on.
 fundraising
 and our pipeline. As we look forward, we expect to be fundraising across 30 plus strategies
 in 2022. So we have a lot of runway and opportunity in front of us. In terms of areas of focus,
 I'd highlight four.
 The first area is private wealth.
 we now manage a little over 50 billion in private wealth assets.
 and we've been investing meaningfully into this channel.
 Historically, private wealth has contributed about 10% to 20% of the money that we raise
 annually.
 With the investments we're making in people, technology, and new product innovation alongside
 the strength of our brand, and we believe over time that it should be 30 to 50 percent
 of the money that we raise.
 The second area would be Asia.
 More than half of global GDP growth is expected to come from Asia.
 And as a reminder, eight of our 21 offices are in the region.
 We were early to Asia, and we've seen significant scaling as AUM across our Asia-dedicated strategies
 has gone from $20 billion to $42 billion over the last two years, with private equity being
 and the biggest driver of that.
 In 2022, we expect to be fundraising for five Asia-focused strategies outside of PE across
 our infrastructure, real estate, credit, and growth businesses.
 We have a leading footprint in Asia today.
 and building on our presence is a priority
 and a big operateria would be our broader core franchises.
 These are all adjacent strategies
 to what we're doing in private equity, real estate,
 as well as infrastructure.
 So think longer term capital, a lot of which can be raised on a continuous basis for strategies
 that are leveraging resources and deal flow
 that are already resident within the firm today.
 A year ago, we were at $17 billion of AUM across CORE, and today that figure is north
 of $40 billion. In 2022, we look to continue the momentum and expect to be fundraising across
 five distinct strategies in private equity, real estate, and infrastructure.
 structure.
 And the fourth area is what we're doing across our real estate franchise.
 A year ago, AUM, across real estate, was $15 billion.
 Today, that figure is $41 billion.
 In 2022, we expect a fundraiser across 10 distinct real estate strategies, including
 the next generation of our opportunistic real estate
 strategies across all three geographies and with that let me turn it over to Scott.
 Thank you Rob, and thank you everyone for joining our call today. It's Craig and Rob reviewed
 2021 was a very strong year with record AUM, FRED, and earnings.
 The hard work of the last 10 to 15 years of business building began to show up in bigger
 ways last year, and we're ahead of where we thought we would be at this point.
 And with a record of $112 billion of dry powder, we are well-capitalized to invest in opportunities
 presented by more volatile markets, and an evolving macro picture.
 In summary, we feel incredibly well positioned.
 While we're together today, I also wanted to give you a little color on our annual planning
 meetings.
 Last week, we gathered 35 of our partners
 for two full days to review where we are, where we're going,
 and what we need to get right to capture the opportunity
 in front of us. It was an extremely energizing discussion.
 As we discussed on our investor day last April, we had significant runway in all of our businesses
 and see the opportunity to meaningfully scale across multiple platforms and markets simultaneously,
 Including Asia, real estate, infrastructure, our core suite of products, private wealth,
 Growth, impact in ESG, insurance, credit, and private equity, amongst others.
 What we discussed last week is that our progress makes us even more confident in the opportunity
 ahead and what these businesses can become.
 Is that another way?
 We believe we can get to the destination faster than we thought a year ago,
 and the quantum of the growth opportunity is greater than we anticipated.
 So, while 2021 was a great year for the firm, what's particularly exciting is how the progress
 we made last year positions us for more growth in the years ahead.
 And critically, Joe and I have never had more confidence in our team.
 We have a focused and highly motivated group driving our businesses and functions and responsible
 for each of our growth initiatives.
 So we enter 2022 with significant conviction in our growth prospects, our model, and our
 people and look forward to keeping you updated throughout the year.
 And with that, we're happy to take your questions.
 Thank you.
 At this time, we'll be conducting a question and answer session.
 If you'd like to ask a question, please press star one
 on your telephone keypad.
 A confirmation tone will indicate your line is in the question queue.
 Give me a press start too if you'd like to remove your question from the queue.
 participants using speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset before
 pressing the start key.
 In the interest of time, we ask that you each keep to one question and one follow-up.
 Thank you.
 The first question comes from the line of Alex Blosting with Goldman Sachs.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hey, good morning everybody.
 Thanks for taking the question.
 Why don't we start with just the dynamics around fundraising and management to growth?
 And I really kind of wanted to zone in a couple things.
 first, whether or not the current MAC or conditions are having any impact on opiapotide
 to allocate to private markets broadly, even if it's just tactically, but curious to hear
 What are you guys hearing on the ground?
 And then secondly, you know, Rob, you mentioned a number of fundraising initiatives for 2022.
 I was hoping you could size how much you expect to raise across those 30-plus strategies
 and ultimately what that means for 2022 management to grow.
 Hey, Alex, it's Craig. Why don't I begin?
 To the first part of your question, really no change in terms of the interest level that
 that our LPs are having from a fundraising side and it continues to feel like we have
 a lot of momentum, which is great. Why don't I give a little bit more granularity in terms
 of all of those, you know, the areas where we're fundraising and give you a sense of
 the breadth of that activity for us. You know Rob obviously ran through the four
 across in 2022 in a more narrowly and private equity.
 We're still fundraising for America's private equity.
 We're fundraising for you.
 or your private equity strategy in growth,
 fundraisings launched for both the impact and next-gen tech strategies in poor refund
 raising across the core businesses, so that's core private equity, as well as core infra
 in core plus real estate strategies,
 Now the latter two are open-ended and in addition to Core Plus in the U.S. that we've spoken
 about.
 unraising for corpus real estate in Europe and Asia.
 Both of those are also open-ended.
 As well as an infra, we're fundraising a continuous
 for the benchmark infrastructure strategy
 in real estate in addition to the CorePlus strategies
 three geographies, we're fundraising for a stabilized real estate credit strategy and
 an opportunistic real estate credit strategy as well, and credit we're active in the U.S.-European
 We're fundraising for lending partners, European Revolving Credit, Asia Credit, Asset-Based
 and answer credit opportunities, and that's in addition to a global Atlantic sidecar
 strategy. Our CLO business has been active and as we look to raise capital across the
 deliver credit platforms and our hedge fund partnerships
 on a more continuous basis.
 And that's all in addition to the suite
 of democratized products that we have.
 So again, really, it's, I think, the overall take away.
 lots of activity and it just continues to feel like we have a lot of momentum.
 Yeah, the only thing I would add Alex agree with Craig. No change in LP appetite. The only incremental color I'd give
 is if anything, we're seeing more interest in real assets with yield. So, anything with
 some inflation protection, so think infrastructure and real estate as we've seen inflation
 expectations to go up, we're finding even more interest in those asset classes. Rob,
 You want to pick up on the second part?
 Yeah, hey, Alex.
 As it relates to the management fee piece of this,
 Alex, we've never felt as good as we do right now
 about our ability to sustainably grow management fees over time.
 I'll obviously reference the $38 billion of capital that hasn't yet flown through our
 for your line item, that 30 plus products, you know, Craig just went through our relationship
 the global Atlantic where assets are much higher than where we thought it would be and
 frankly just the new product innovation that's happening across the firm today that gives
 road management fees tomorrow.
 So I think the expectation should certainly be continued
 management fee growth from us and being able to do so in a sustainable basis over time.
 Great, thanks for that and then just my follow-up is around capital management
 and so you guys obviously picked up the pace.
 buy back so far in the first quarter,
 Given your comments around the robustness of the business going forward, obviously lots
 of capacity on the balance of given realizations
 and embedded gains.
 How are you thinking about the buyback at this level for the share price and should
 be thinking about acceleration and share of purchases from here.
 Alex, the key for us on capital allocation is to have a consistent approach and you've
 heard that for us over the last number of years and, you know, we anticipate that continuing.
 And so as we think about our overall capital allocation strategy, you know, we want to
 make sure that we're striking the right balance between capital return to shareholders and
 and investing back into KKR for growth.
 as long as that can be done at high ROEs and above our cost of equity.
 So let's take those in order.
 you would have seen, obviously, that we just increased our dividend and set the corporate
 we've increased our dividend.
 And then we want to continue to invest back into KKR stock,
 As you said, certainly at these levels,
 we feel really good about our overall body of work
 on our share buyback.
 We've purchased a retired north of 80 million shares now.
 Almost 10% of KTR shares are standing, almost 15% of our free flow.
 And our goal, as you know, is to keep our share count flat as it relates to employee
 dilution.
 So I think the
 expectation over time that certainly CSB in the market and acquiring and retiring KKR
 In terms of balancing that with overall opportunity to grow KKR, it is a big priority for us to
 be invested back into KKR, whether that's an M&A or supporting new products or supporting
 a new innovation so long as we're seeing returns that are commensurate with that capital
 commitment and over the last number of years we certainly have so we're going to continue
 to have a capital allocation framework that is very much ROE-based, we feel that's a
 real core competency of ours as we think about moving capital around to the highest
 That's our only opportunity.
 And if you think about our overall capital allocation
 framework, I think it's also worth remembering that KKR is an employee based as the single
 larger shareholder in KTR, so we come at that from a very aligned basis.
 Thanks for all that.
 Thanks.
 Thank you.
 The discussion comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Great morning, everyone.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 But maybe first looking at wealth management, you know, generating 30% to 50% of your fundraising
 from that channel in several years is a pretty big step up, particularly in light of your
 overall fundraising. So you may put a little bit more meat on the bone. Like I know you
 They had just a new head of global wealth management, but whether it's specific products
 or specific things that kind of give you that confidence in us sitting here today that next
 You know, a couple of years you can have that magnitude of an increase coming from that channel.
 I mean, what would drive that?
 Hey, Rob, it's Craig.
 I'm going to try and go ahead and do that again.
 You know, private wealth is as big a priority as we have as a firm.
 addressable market here, because everyone knows it's massive, you know, total client
 client assets are estimated to be around $280 trillion, that's pension funds, sovereign
 wealth, insurance, private wealth combined, and private wealth is almost 65% of that and
 is growing. So it's a massive end market, but at the same time, allocations as we
 We all know for individual investors is a fraction of what you find at institutions and so individual
 investors are less than five percent, and by our research we actually think that number
 than around two to three percent.
 They have this enormous end market.
 It's under-penetrated with allocations that are increasing.
 And so...
 So it's a huge opportunity, and I think as we think of our investment skills, our track
 record, combined with our brand, we really think we're exceptionally well positioned
 to be a winner here. And the focus, I'd say, is really three-fold. So one, we're focused
 on our partnerships with private wealth platforms.
 So, in the U.S., that's the wire houses, the independent broker dealers, the RIAs, and
 outside the U.S., it's the global private banks and the regional private banks, and so the
 The business is organized by a GR if you're here and you're correct, you've seen some
 high...
 sharing related to that.
 second we're related, we're focused on the family capital part. So think about that, single
 family offices, multifamily, ultra high net worth, and some of those folks are very large
 It's been very sophisticated, and again, we're organized by geography here.
 And then third, we're focused on product creation.
 So historically, we've offered private fund solutions
 through the private wealth space, but really there are only a limited number of private
 wealth investors that are qualified, who could look at private funds as appropriate.
 So we're focusing on creating these new investment solutions, these more democratized
 products, democratized solutions that are in a registered fund format and have much
 much wider applicability within the private wealth channel.
 So, you know, I think suffice to say when you combine with where we are and the development
 the maturing of our product set, including, and Scott mentioned this a moment ago, all
 of the products that we have with the yields, real assets,
 et cetera, and put that together with our brand, which is really encouraged with our
 for how we're situated in all of the opportunities
 that we have ahead of us.
 Okay, great. Thanks. Maybe there's a follow-up. I mean, at least Equity Mark has been pre-Rocky
 start to the year so I guess investors are generally concerned about the realization
 outlook from here could you maybe update us and where you where things are for you guys right now
 through the start of the year, the first half of the quarter in Q1.
 Hey, Rob, some good news here.
 basically one, we already have a good amount of visibility into some pretty meaningful
 revenue from monetization activity.
 As of now, that figure is around 700 million, maybe a bit above that, as you know, that's
 collectively across both our performance as well as our investment income.
 And as a reminder, you know, that is from deals that are already closed or have been signed
 up and that we expect to close in Q1. So we're off to a really good start there. This is
 one of the strongest figures we've ever had at this stage of the quarter and then the
 The other, I know, relevant thing for your models is the split.
 We've just waited around $75,000, $25,000 carry investment income right now.
 We feel like a pretty good start to the year and give us some support going into Q1 and
 Great, thanks for taking my questions, guys.
 Thank you, Robert.
 Thanks.
 Thank you.
 can come to the line of Bill Katz with Citi.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Okay, thank you very much for taking the questions this morning.
 So maybe come back to interest rates for a moment.
 I just wanted if you could let us know what is your rate assumption that you have that
 that sort of supports your 12% to 13% ROE for global Atlantic and then if rates were
 to go up, can you walk us through what the net impact
 would be between maybe a higher ROE there versus any impact on management fees?
 Thanks for the question.
 Let's start with where we think interest rates are going, and so we do see rates certainly
 increasing like the rest of the market I think we're likely to get for a more
 that funds increases this year.
 But at the same time, we do see it coming
 on the back of robust financial conditions.
 So our expectation is that we can be in an environment here where real rates are still
 lower negative over the next couple of years, which I think is an overall positive place
 for all perspectives.
 Certainties around weights are going,
 but I think there's a number of areas where we're, I think,
 pretty well competitively positioned.
 You know, as you referenced at Global Lanark, you know, they are largely biased to benefit
 from interest rates rising over time.
 So $120 billion of capital there is
 will always have to think about their individual channel and our ability, our channel we think
 are all positively biased in a rising rate environment.
 So, you know, I think there's a number of other areas around KKR as well where we think
 we're...
 You look at our credit business, over 200 or close to 200 billion of AUM, much of our
 third-party business there, it's floating rate exposure in nature, so as interest rates
 rise, all things equal, you know, our returns go up and the hurdle rates across many of
 those products tend to be fixed in nature, so the likelihood of earning additional incentive
 So hopefully that helps answer your question.
 Okay, thanks.
 Just a follow-up, just coming back to maybe your prior guidance and certainly appreciate
 the tone and tenor of what you're saying about the confidence, but can you sort of still
 try and relate back to some of your guidance for this year in terms of two
 plus dollars of FRE and so how you think about that,
 knowing for this year, but maybe into 2023,
 just give the compounding nature of growth, and then maybe to sort of level
 set where you are in terms of the capital-raising flagship of the $100 billion plus in the
 Well, well, and to that as well.
 Thank you.
 Yeah.
 No updates in numbers, though.
 Obviously, we're well ahead of where we thought we would be even six or 12 months ago, and
 as it relates to both fundraising as well as management
 growth. This isn't just a result of acceleration of fundraisers. In many
 In any case, we have well exceeded the expectations that we have for ourselves.
 And so...
 know, we continue to see a robust environment to be able to raise capital and as I mentioned
 earlier, we continue to see an environment where we should be able to really drive substantial
 management fee growth as well as FRE growth off of a base of $2.23, so we should be well
 ahead of our target for 2022 that we laid out, I think it was about 12 months ago.
 Yeah, the only thing I'd add those last quarter we said we thought we could double fee related earnings in TDE over the next five years
 that's still very much the case. So, you know, no updated guidance for 22, but
 Suffice it to say, we well exceeded what we told you a year ago.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thanks
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from Lyon of Glen Shore with Evercore ISI.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hello there
 Hello, so there's it's been a slower start to the year for just capital markets activity. It's early
 But if you look at all the pipelines for MA and IPOs, they're down.
 I think that's just a market jitters thing.
 But anyway, with the slower pipelines,
 just curious how insulated you think you just gave us the number on dollars for realization
 pipeline, but just broader picture as you look at the year, how susceptible could a
 real
 Pipeline or Capital Markets Pipeline may or may not be to that.
 In the past, you've given some, what you think, the core run rate of transaction or
 monitoring fees or capital markets, that would be helpful.
 Right.
 Thank you.
 So, I think we're spending a little bit of time on our capital market business, it did
 have a really a step function increase in 2021.
 I'm going to take a step back, our capital markets business over the last several quarters
 has averaged about $200 million of revenue per quarter. Now markets have definitely been
 and open and implying, but I think we've also continued to really take share here.
 So I think that's, as you think about our business in a market environment where capital
 being deployed. It can be still a relatively volatile market environment, but in one way
 their activity, we think that's a reasonable run rate for our business, but much more important
 for us is how we take our business from the $850 million of revenue in 2021 and over the
 the next several years, continue to take a lot of share and grow that in a meaningful
 way. And we think we've got plans in place to be able to do that. We've gone through
 these a bunch of times. It includes your phone, KKR, in terms of its own product, expansion,
 on cake arrows in terms of its own geographic expansion,
 we think, you know, by hiring the right capabilities
 internally, that could lead to a lot of revenue growth.
 And I think it's worth calling out our non-KKR issue
 business, our third-party business, it generated almost $200 million of revenue in 2021.
 I think that really speaks to our business model and the quality of our people that we're
 as we'll take that business and scale to the point that it's not too different from
 revenue perspective from where our capital markets was, business was an aggregate, not
 Thank you for watching.
 And quite as Craig, we were looking at some of these statistics and they're kind of interesting
 just to give you another sense of the breadth in capital market sees.
 And when you look at deployment for us as a firm, if deployment's increased materially,
 obviously. You know, we were $30 billion in 2020, $70 billion in 2021. And if you look
 it.
 where that came from and the impact of that, it had a big impact on capital markets revenues.
 So, you know, that increase in deployment for us, it really didn't come from private
 equity.
 We invested $10 billion in 2020, we invested $10.2 in 2021, and so KCMC's from Capital
 markets went from $2.30 to $2.50 in the year.
 I think they were up modestly, but what you really saw the big driver when you add up
 deployment for us in infrastructure,
 for private equity growth and real estate equity.
 So these are the areas that are gonna generate
 on deployment can generate sizable capital market fees.
 That deployment for us went 2.3X, went up 2.3X in 2021.
 In capital markets fees, Qnodally similarly went up 2.3x, went from $150 to about $350.
 So, it is a, you know, the dynamic that you have is one where deployment is becoming a
 more bride beasts.
 And again, KCM is not solely going to be based on how we're deploying capital, but it's
 certainly going to be one of those factors.
 So I think really in that number, as Rob said, you're seeing a real development in footprint
 in the framework of the...
 firm, which is exciting from a management standpoint, and it's also exciting from a
 a capital market standpoint.
 eggplant one other i know you you'd reference
 you know the
 impact the cap of markets environment have on monetization, you know, I think the big
 advantage here as we come into 2022.
 with over $15 billion of embedded revenue that sits in our balance sheet between gross
 realized carry in the embedded gains of our investment portfolio.
 you know, I think Q1 and where we're off to a good start from the monetization perspective,
 a good example of that. We don't need straight line markets up to be able to monetize that
 $15 billion of embedded revenue, you know, but what we will need is we will need a market
 environment for periods of time, and is flexible in nature, and I think there's going to be
 areas where we're going to be able to continue to pick our spots in this kind of a market
 environment and generate monetization for our shareholders.
 Great. I appreciate all of that. Thank you.
 Thank you
 Thank you.
 All right, next slide.
 The next question comes from a line of Jerry O'Hara with Jeffries.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Great, thanks.
 Thanks.
 I'm hoping we could get an update just on the strategic investments within your kind
 in a perpetual capital sleeves.
 clearly a nice uptick year over year, but, you know,
 Perhaps you can talk about some of the drivers of that increase
 and what we might be able to expect on a go-forward basis.
 Thank you.
 Well, I think the A.J.
 A.J.
 Craig, you know, very broad-based again. I think when you look at a lot of the, you
 You know, core is an example area for us from a perpetual standpoint where we're raising
 capital, infrastructure, real estate, as I mentioned,
 of Europe and Asia, review of the state, perpetual,
 per capital is going to be perpetual in nature,
 by itself continues to grow and scale in addition to that, which is great.
 And I think we've over time also mentioned these longer-dated strategic-type partnerships.
 activity continues. It's multi-asset class. It's, again, capital where you can have recycling
 which can be very valuable from an economic standpoint.
 You're not going to see that activity from us every quarter, but again, those dialogues
 and we'll keep you up to date and abreast on that.
 If you're one other thing, if you look at page 5 on our press release, you can see
 perpetual capital. It was up year on year over seven times. Now a lot of that is global
 But what we don't want to get lost in that slide is that ex-global
 Atlantic, our perpetual capital year on year was still up four times versus this time last
 here.
 And so there's
 there's a lot of momentum across that part of our business.
 That's helpful.
 And then, just as a follow-up, appreciate the thoughts around the private wealth channel,
 But as it relates to that sort of investment, I think last quarter, you talked about sort
 of...
 sort of looking to triple headcount, if my notes are right, and continuing to sort of
 to invest in operations and technology.
 Can you perhaps give us an update
 on how things have progressed there?
 and how we're tracking relative to perhaps
 where you were last quarter.
 Thank you.
 Hey, Jerry, Craig.
 Craig, so we don't really want to get in the habit, honestly, of giving individual
 headcount updates on the part of the business and where we are from that.
 But again, suffice to say, this part is a real strategic priority for us as we've spoken
 about and there's lots of underlying activity and growth.
 We feel really well positioned, and we're very active as it relates to hiring talent
 on a global basis.
 I hope that that gives you a clear sense of the importance for us.
 Fair enough, thanks for taking my questions this morning.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from Lyon of Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
 Hey, good morning everyone.
 All right.
 So my question is on global Atlantic.
 I just want to get an update on your progress
 to reinvest global Linux portfolio
 into K-Care Originated product.
 and also how this could or will impact
 blended fee rate as GA reaches your longer term objective.
 Yeah. Hey, Craig, it's Rob.
 So that's going to be a multi-year process and we're going to do it in a very prudent
 way and make sure that we're rotating GA's balance sheet from, you know, quality and
 investments that they had today into opportunities for KKR to be able to invest that capital
 similar at a better risk level and at an increased yield.
 And so that process is taking place.
 and I would say, you know, 11 months in,
 we're probably in a better place than we thought would be
 at the beginning of the deal, but there's no doubt as we complete that rotation or we
 to make progress on that rotation,
 that's going to increase the blended management fee rate
 in our overall relationship with global Atlantic.
 I think that blended management if you read today is in the mid-teens, and so it definitely
 ability to go up over time.
 The only thing I'd add, Greg, is that it's going to be a constantly evolving answer
 to your question, because as you think, especially as Global Atlantic pursues block activity,
 we're bringing...
 on more assets and then those blocks need to be rotated themselves.
 So I'm not sure we'll ever reach stasis, frankly.
 But to Rob's point, we're a bit ahead of where we thought we'd be and we'll keep you updated.
 but the block activity's obviously been significant
 since we signed the deal.
 Thanks Scott and Rob and just one one other question on that one. What assets
 assets, or KK originated assets, are being allocated into Global Atlantic today.
 Yeah.
 It's a lot across our real estate credit franchise, our private credit franchise, structured
 That's it.
 Thanks for watching.
 really the big areas of opportunity that we're working together with the GA team.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Thanks, thank you.
 Thank you.
 I can come from the line of Devon Ryan with JMP Securities.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hi, this is Brian McKenna for Devon, you know, so there's clearly a lot of momentum across
 the...
 entire platform and I appreciate all the color on the outlook, but what do you think will
 will be the biggest driver of growth over the next five years and then what products
 will be the biggest contributor to achieving your FRE and DE targets of $4 plus and $7 plus.
 Hey Brian, it's Rob. I'll take a first shot at it.
 The reality is we've got a lot of confidence across many parts of our business, so I'll
 call it a few and we talked about them on our prepared remarks, long-term opportunity
 And we've talked about it in the past that we think we could take our Asia business and
 make it one day as big as our North America business.
 a couple reasons.
 One, we think more than half of global growth is going to come out of that region over the
 several years.
 Two, we have a huge head start and competitive advantage versus our competitors.
 And really the key...
 key for us is to take our leading position there with our leading position across infrastructure
 real estate, credit growth, equity on a global face, and the marriage of those two things.
 And we think that could lead to a lot of growth for us in that part of the world.
 We've got five products, X private equity, that will be fundraising for Capital in Asia
 So that's really a big theme for us, you know, what we're doing across real assets and real
 infrastructure we think is really exciting. We've talked about our build
 at a private wealth.
 So there's a number of different avenues and ways that we have to be able to achieve P&L
 growth over the next several years.
 Cheers.
 Yeah, Brian.
 Yeah.
 Thanks for asking the question.
 It's kind of fun to answer, honestly.
 Because when we talked about that, April, we just got a lot on.
 We went from six to something like 28
 investing strategies over the last decade plus.
 So it's kind of the answer to your question,
 It's hard to be succinct, frankly.
 You know, we got scale everything we started,
 which is a long list of asset classes,
 real estate infrastructure, growth, insurance, core,
 You know, the list goes on and on.
 we have an opportunity to meaningfully expand our client base.
 We've talked about private wealth a lot today,
 but there's a lot happening also in the institutional channels.
 We're creating new growth vectors,
 So not just the existing 28, but you're going to see more things from us in terms of other
 ways that we can grow.
 I think smart M&A is going to continue to play a real role here, not only expanding through
 the global Atlantic, but we're also looking
 other acquisitions and then having the balance sheet in a currency gives us real tools to
 to accelerate our growth.
 We've got lots of opportunities to scale, and we haven't even hit all of them today.
 I'm not sure we're going to be able to identify one or two biggest drivers.
 I think it's going to come from a lot of different places.
 And part of the reason you hear such confidence
 in our voices to double again after we doubled in such a short period of time is everything
 I just mentioned.
 Yeah, got it. I appreciate all the color there and then just two quick modeling questions for Rob
 How should we think about margin expansion in 2022 relative to 2021?
 And then, is there any updated guidance on the tax rate moving forward?
 Yeah, I'll start with the second one. You know what we've you know our tax rate this year was a little over 17%
 And what we said over time is we would expect that to migrate up to the statutory rate of
 in the low 20s.
 As it relates to margin, we talked about operating
 In the low 60s, Q4, we were at 63, and in 2021, we were at 63.
 So a little bit ahead of where we thought we would be.
 but we're investing a lot back into the firm right now,
 So I think low 60s is the right level
 think about in the near term, but we believe over the medium term that we could take our
 margin to the mid-60s on a sustainable basis if we're able to execute on the revenue opportunity
 in front of us.
 And so that's what we're very much focused on as we continue to invest back into the
 Thank you guys
 Thank you.
 Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks. Thanks for taking my question.
 Just to back on the retail side, of the $50 billion in private wealth assets right now,
 Are you able to break that out between what you would call democratized products?
 And I know those are still very much in development, but just to try to get a sense of how you're
 thinking about that fundraising and retail from new products.
 Thanks.
 I'm Scott.
 at least in products on the yield side gaining attention.
 Maybe it's the flavor of that growth path of that 10% to 20%
 at 30 to 50, maybe even just in the next one to two years.
 kind of AUM you think you could raise in new democratized products in retail and then to
 what extent, you know, would there be significant placement fees attached with the retail side
 of that.
 That's great. Why don't I start?
 Look in terms of where we are today, we have three broad democratized solutions that are
 on a bunch of different platforms, in addition to bespoke solutions that are tailored for
 individual platforms.
 So your first question, we have about $5 billion of AUM across that family, if you will.
 And we do believe over time that we'll have democratized products really across all over
 asset classes and alongside of that we're going to continue to invest in sales marketing
 Data.
 digital talent, et cetera.
 events alongside of where we are today.
 We do expect we'll see these products launched on additional platforms over the course of
 year, which will be additive to all of this.
 So it feels like collectively we're off to a great start.
 It still feels to us like we're in the earliest stages, you know, one of those products that
 seems to be taking, or having a lot of mindshare,
 You know, we only began accepting capital in June.
 It's off to a great start.
 That's a crash start in the real estate business.
 So it just feels like we have a lot of momentum,
 which is really exciting for us
 we don't have any breakdown of democratized products for you
 in terms of where we think that number could grow.
 There's certainly lots of data points out there that highlight, you know, the opportunity.
 And again, just given the investment, we have the brand investment performance.
 We think we're really...
 really well positioned to be a big winner
 in a massive end market.
 Fair enough. And then just on the follow-up, just a timing of a couple of things.
 The expectation of the $38 billion that's not
 and our demands are fees now,
 Over what time frame do you expect most of that to move into fee-paying at U.M. and then
 The dry powder also, 112 billion, it's almost double what it was six quarters ago.
 you raise product, you know, should we be thinking of that deployment that dry powder
 running down in terms of how you're seeing opportunities to invest that you can start
 in the call, or is it possible that that drug pedigree will continue to build given your
 fundraising.
 Yeah.
 So, on the first part of your question, I'd say in that $38 billion, I mean, it's a mix
 cases at some investment products where the fee turns on when you invest it in some of
 those have lives of three, four, five years from an investment period perspective.
 And so I think about that on a blended basis of about three years than some of the other
 products.
 It's just capital we've raised and funds that we haven't yet turned on, and so we would
 think that that's more in the next three, six.
 So I think on a blended basis, a couple of years overall,
 feels like a reasonable assumption for that 38 million, maybe a little bit inside of that.
 And then as it relates to the dry powder, there's a tough question to answer.
 It is really a function of how active the investment environment is coupled with our
 fundraising activity and so I think what you've heard from us a number of times on this call
 is the excitement we have for future fundraising.
 at the same time, you know, in these volatile markets,
 we think the opportunity for us to be leaning in from an investment perspective might get
 more interesting.
 I think it'll just be a balance of those two things.
 to be prescriptive about where that number goes over the next couple of quarters.
 Yeah, that's fair.
 Yeah, thank you, probably color.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from line of Michael Cypress with Morgan Stanley.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Okay, come on over here.
 Thanks for taking the question.
 And once you circled back to a comment Scott had made, Scott, you had mentioned that the
 the quantum of opportunity was greater than anticipated.
 Just be curious to hear your perspectives on why that's been the case.
 What's changed across the industry
 over the past 12 to 18 months, and as you look forward
 Are there any sort of risks to the outlook
 that you're paying attention to, either regulatory-wise,
 Clearly, there's been some movement there, or on the macro front, just curious your
 perspectives there.
 Uh, thanks for the question, Michael.
 Yeah, I think part of it is let me take it back to kind of the strategy that we laid
 out last April, which is that, you know, we said that we only wanted to be in businesses
 where we thought we already were or could get to be top three in the world and we wanted
 to stay focused in those areas.
 And I think part of the reason you hear us saying now
 that we think the quantum of the opportunity is greater
 we anticipated is, you know, the end markets that we're facing off against are growing
 quite rapidly, and we're finding investor appetite not only from the traditional sources, but
 that new sources are increasing faster than we'd anticipated.
 So end markets are growing very quickly
 and more and more people are investing in what we do.
 And so that's kind of part one to the answer to your question
 just to why the quantum is greater than we anticipated.
 already expected growth, I think it's a bit more than we expected.
 The other thing I'd say is that we are approaching top three faster than we'd anticipated in
 in some of these asset classes.
 And a lot of that's on the back of good investment performance
 and building like and trust with a broader client base.
 And so the end opportunities bigger than probably we thought.
 and we're getting there more rapidly than we thought.
 And so the definition of top three
 In terms of what that means, in terms of magnitude of AUM revenue profitability is therefore
 bigger than what we'd anticipated probably 12, 18 months ago.
 the risks.
 I think I'm pretty straightforward.
 We've got to execute.
 It's a pretty straightforward business when you back up.
 You have strong investment performance,
 and you have products that clients want to invest in
 and they like you, and they trust your judgment, and you perform for them through a cycle.
 It's very straight.
 It's very straightforward to scale.
 So a lot of the risks, and this is one of the reasons
 You like our business so much.
 It's on us.
 We've got execution in front of us.
 We just need to perform.
 I think a big part of the reason you've seen us scaling so rapidly is we've had really
 strong investment performance at the same time that we've been operationalizing a broader
 client base. And we do see a significant amount of running room on both of those topics. So
 I know there's been a couple questions today about, you know, market volatility, and it's
 been a little more bumpy beginning of this year than what we saw last, but from our standpoint
 that tends to be, you know, quite good news. We've talked about the 112 billionth dry
 powder, if we can invest into volatility, that tends to create long-term opportunity
 for us in terms of incremental revenue and profit down the road.
 So long way of saying, we really like the way we're positioned right now, little volatilities
 probably good for our business long-term and the opportunity ahead is significant.
 And just on the regulatory point, just any sort of thoughts there around potential for regulatory changes, enhanced transparency, around fees, et cetera.
 Look, I think, you know, the level of regulatory scrutiny of our space is probably a positive
 for larger players that are more institutionalized.
 And so, you know, there's aspects of how the regulatory
 environments developed that I think the barriers to entry in our space have gone up and that's
 That's good for incumbent players.
 So nothing that we see that, you know, I would call out today, our job is to react to what
 the regulators talked to us about and so far we actually think it's been, you know, long
 from helpful to our business.
 Just a quick cleanup question for Rob, if I could, just so you might be able to update
 us on the amount of capital that was invested off the balance sheet and 21 and the realizations
 as well off the balance sheet in 2021 and how that compared to 2020, if you have that
 Activity was certainly up across $3 billion off the balance sheet in 2021, and we deployed
 about $3.7 billion.
 That deployment does not include a global Atlantic, so if you include a global Atlantic
 and that number would be a little bit below.
 for the year.
 Great.
 Thanks so much.
 All right, thanks.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Line, a Finney and O'Shea with Wells Fargo Securities, please proceed with your question.
 Hi, good morning.
 To follow on the insurance topic, are you able to touch on what you're seeing on the
 regulatory agenda, focusing more on structured products and alternative
 asset manager affiliates and if you see any major impact to the product that you
 you and your peers are providing to insurance clients.
 Thanks for the question. It's a topical one and we're spending a lot of time internally focused on it.
 Thank you for watching, and I'll see you in the next video.
 I'd say the insurance industry, just like other financial services industries, is going
 through a period of change.
 In general, the industry is getting more sophisticated, and we think that is ultimately
 a good thing for policyholders.
 And so as a result of that, we think it's entirely appropriate for regulators to adapt
 as the industry evolves and we think smart regulation is a good thing for the industry
 video for all.
 And so, as a...
 That's all for today.
 relates to the global Atlantic specifically, we've got really close and transparent relationships
 with all of our regulators.
 And we know they are working to gather information and to distribute feedback and beyond that
 There's
 .
 It's really not a lot that we can comment on.
 All that we can say is that we don't anticipate really any major change to our core business
 model, which is investing thoughtfully behind the long-term promises that we're making
 as an institution to policyholders.
 I appreciate the question and it is a topic one.
 Thank you.
 Our final question this morning comes from the line at Rufus Hone with Bank of Montreal.
 Please proceed with your question.
 All right, thanks for taking my question.
 I had one on global Atlantic, a clearly strong AUM in earnings growth since the acquisition,
 I was curious if you anticipate any change in the appetite for block transactions and
 on your regular quarterly inflows as interest rates start to rise, any details there would
 be helpful. Thank you.
 So no change in our appetite.
 It's been an area of very meaningful that Global Atlantic has had over the past 12 months.
 You know, I would say the space around block transactions, so I'm sure as you noted it's
 become a little bit more competitive, but we think with our capital-based quality of
 of our management team, the relationships we have,
 and really our systems and processes, they position us all to compete really effectively
 for blog transaction. I think a big reason why Global Atlantic partnered up with KKR
 in addition to that was our capabilities on the asset management side and our ability
 to rotate assets in these blocks into KKR originated product.
 And so when you combine all of that, we think we're really well-positioned, no change in
 appetite in the institutional part of GA's business will continue to be a big
 road driver for them going forward.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question and answer session.
 I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Larson
 for any final comments?
 We were just really looking for your interests in KKR,
 and we look forward to chatting with you next quarter.
 Take care.
 Thank you.
 This concludes today's conference.
 your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.
 patient.