 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by.
 Welcome to KKR's Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
 During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode,
 Following management's prepared remarks, the conference will be open for questions.
 If you should require operator assistance during the call, please press star zero on your telephone keypad.
 As a reminder, today's call is being recorded.
 I'll now hand the call over to Craig Larson, Head of Invest Relations for KKR.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, operator.
 Good morning, everyone.
 Welcome to our fourth quarter 2021 earnings call.
 As usual, I'm joined this morning by Rob Lewin, our CFO, and Scott Nuttall, our Co-Chief Executive Officer.
 We'd like to remind everyone that we'll refer to non-GAAP measures on the call,
 which are reconciled to gap figures in our press release
 which is available on the Investor Center section at KKR.com.
 And as a reminder, we report our segment numbers on an adjusted share basis.
 Our call will contain forward-looking statements, which do not guarantee future events or performance.
 please refer to our earnings release
 and SEC filings for cautionary factors about these statements.
 Now before we jump into our results for the quarter, we'd like to take a step back and talk about KKR Info.
 As we look at our business, we see four things.
 First, we see scaling.
 Organically, over the last 12 months, AUM and KKR increased 48 percent.
 For an asset management business of our size,
 that alone is a pretty remarkable statistic.
 and including the Global Atlantic Acquisition, AUN increased 87% year-over-year.
 Second,
 You're seeing the impact of this scaling across many of the numbers that we're reporting today.
 You see it in our financials.
 Management fees for the year increased 44%.
 Fee-related earnings increased 54%, while distributable earnings more than doubled.
 All of these figures are at a record level for us.
 And you also see it in our operating statistics.
 Investment activity, for example, is at a new level.
 In 2020, we invested $30 billion across the firm.
 In 2021, that increased to over $70 billion.
 A new capital raised of $121 billion for the year reflects breadth and diversification.
 Approximately one-third of that capital was raised from the broad private equity franchise,
 so including our growth strategies and core P.E.
 Another one-third came from our real assets businesses.
 with the remaining ones that are coming from public markets.
 So fundraising was truly diversified across the firm.
 And the other neat point about that $121 billion is that 45% of it came from strategies
 that didn't exist at KKR five years ago.
 We think that says a lot about our culture and our focus on innovation.
 Third, looking forward, we remain very constructive on the opportunities we have ahead of us.
 with multiple identifiable growth avenues on a global basis.
 Rob's going to touch on our fundraising pipeline
 and our areas of focus in a few minutes.
 And finally, remember, we feel advantaged during periods of dislocation.
 there are very few long-dated pools of capital as large as ours
 that can take advantage of dislocations.
 and we have a unique business model and a unique culture
 that we think can lead to differentiated outcomes during these periods.
 And that's all alongside of $112 billion of dry powder.
 Suffice to say, there's plenty to focus on
 and a lot of compelling opportunities in the uncertain world in which we all find ourselves.
 Now, turning to our results.
 The fourth quarter was another very strong quarter for us.
 Fee-related earnings per share of $0.69, and after-tax distributable earnings of $1.59
 per share are record quarterly
 figures for us and
 a full-year FRE of $2.23 per share.
 an after-tax DE of $4.44 per share.
 are record annual figures for us.
 Looking at the quarter's operating metrics, new capital raised, total $19 billion,
 driven by several strategies across private equity, infrastructure,
 real estate, and credit. Notably, health care, strategic growth
 held its final close, bringing the fund to almost $4 billion, or approximately three
 three times larger than its predecessor.
 This brings new capital raise for 2021 to $121 billion.
 And this record fundraising and the addition of $98 billion from the Global Atlantic acquisition in February significantly increased our asset base.
 AUM now totals $471 billion, up 87% year-over-year.
 The strength of this year's fundraising is, importantly, quite diverse, as I mentioned
 a minute ago, with about $70 billion from non-flagship strategies.
 Our younger strategies are scaling as they enter their second or third fund life, and
 And we continue to innovate and expand into adjacencies across strategies and across
 strategies.
 geographies.
 and GA grew by $25 billion through block activity alongside of organic
 inflows in the air.
 We deployed $23 billion in the quarter.
 Capital invested in both traditional private equity and core private equity were strong.
 Our real estate platform continues to see robust deployment
 with real estate credit particularly operating a high run rate and that's been amplified by global
 Atlantic.
 on the public market side.
 GA has added to the rate of private credit deployment in the quarter, most meaningfully in asset-based finance.
 with additional deployment and direct lending, and opportunistic strategies.
 Q4's activity brings capital invested for 2021 to $73 billion, up 2.5x year-over-year.
 We've seen a step function type change in the level of deployment driven by the size
 and diversity of our capital base, while at the same time remaining judicious and choosing
 Now, just as we continue to see strength
 on the fundraising and deployment front.
 Our funds and strategies continue to perform at a very high level.
 You can see this on page 7 of the earnings release, where we detail investment performance for the quarter and the year across investment strategies.
 And finally, I want to touch on capital return before Rob walks through our earnings profile.
 As you can see at the bottom of page two of the release,
 Consistent with historical practice, we're pleased to announce an increase in our annual
 dividend from 58 cents
 to $0.62 per share. This is the third consecutive year we've increased our dividends since we
 changed our corporate structure, and the change will go into effect beginning with any dividends
 to be announced for the first quarter of 2022.
 And since our third quarter earnings call in November through last week, we repurchased
 363 million of our stock in the open market
 with the majority of that coming in 2022 in the midst of all of this volatility.
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Rob.
 Thanks a lot, Craig.
 That will walk you through our quarterly P&L.
 Fees increased by 49% this quarter versus Q4 of 2020.
 Management fee growth was driven by closes across a number of active funds in the quarter.
 These closes, alongside our investment activity,
 bring fee-paying AUM to $357 billion.
 The fundraising success experienced over the past few quarters is really starting to flow through this line.
 with another $38 billion of committed capital not yet paying fees.
 Our net transaction and modern fees were primarily driven by our capital markets franchise this quarter,
 which earned $320 million.
 This is a high point for us.
 This revenue figure also encompasses a record number of transactions in a single quarter.
 And we only had one fee event that was greater than $20 million.
 For the year, capital markets totaled $847 million, with revenues diversified by type,
 Approximately a quarter of our revenues related to each of private equity, infrastructure, as well as third-party clients.
 with the remaining quarter diversified across multiple different asset classes.
 Moving to our expenses.
 Fee-related compensation came in right at that 22.5% mark.
 the midpoint of the range we've discussed previously.
 while our other operating expenses came in at $140 million.
 The increase here was driven by higher placement fees as well as professional fees given high
 high activity levels across the firm.
 We are also all back in the office across most of our locations, leading to an uptick
 in operating costs versus this time last year.
 in total.
 This brings our fee-related earnings to $606 million for the quarter, which is up 45% versus
 This is Q4 of 2020.
 The quarterly and yearly FRD margin both came in at 63%.
 And on a per-share basis, FRE is $2.23 for the year.
 Now, moving on to realizations.
 Realized carried interest totaled $568 million in the quarter.
 Our realized incentive fees total $351 million in the quarter, largely due to Marshall Waste's strong investment performance.
 and realize that investment income
 totaled $336 million.
 Together, these earnings streams resulted in $1.4 billion of asset management operating
 Also experienced an incredibly strong quarter with 347 million of operating earnings
 In Q4, Global Atlantic sold its interest in Origis Energy, a solar renewable energy developer,
 at 12 times cost, resulting in a $200-plus million
 dollar benefit to segment operating earnings.
 This was really an amazing result for Global Atlantic and all of its shareholders, while
 still recognizing
 recognizing that 12-time gains are not representative of our go-forward expectations here.
 all variable investment income for the year at GA.
 ROE would have still been a bit above 14%.
 This return represents a strong core operating level and modestly above our 12% to 13% expected range.
 Most importantly, a year into our partnership with GA, we couldn't feel any better about
 our collective progress, including the performance of management, the
 the profitability of our stake, scaling of the AUM, and the integration.
 In total, our after-tax distributable earnings were $1.4 billion for the quarter, or $1.59
 for share.
 Comparing 2021 to 2020,
 D per share is up over two times.
 Alongside an increase in earnings, we are also seeing continued compounding in our book
 value per share, which now totals $28.77.
 As a component of this, our 61% economic interest in Global Atlantic's book value now totals
 $3.4 billion, up 15% since the first quarter of our ownership.
 In summary, our business continues to perform at an exceptionally high level,
 And this is clearly evident in both our Q4 as well as our 2021 results.
 Now, there are two additional topics I would like to go through in a bit more detail.
 The first is our potential.
 In 2021, we generated almost $5 billion of distributable operating income, really a step
 function increase from the $2.3 billion that we generated in
 2020. And to be clear, we don't believe these results yet reflect even our run rate profitability,
 let alone our potential.
 There are a number of reasons why we have room to run.
 Let's start with management fees.
 At 1231, we have $38 billion of committed capital that isn't yet running through our
 management view line.
 A year ago, that number was $20 billion.
 And as that $38 billion, which has a weighted average management fee
 north of 100 basis points
 is either invested or enters its investment period,
 It will drive management fees in a meaningful way.
 And we'll come to our future fundraising potential from here in just a minute.
 Next are our embedded gains.
 unrealized carry
 at year end totals $8.6 billion compared to $4.7 billion a year ago. So even after a record
 realization year, gross
 realized carry increased over 80%.
 positioning us really well for future realized performance income.
 And embedded balance sheet gains in 1231 were $6.7 billion, up from $4.4 billion a year ago.
 So similarly, while we saw a meaningful step-up in balance sheet realizations in 2021, our
 embedded gains increased over 50%.
 And finally, as the overall footprint of the firm continues to grow, leading to increased
 deployment and more relationships this in turn continues to expand the
 opportunities we expect to have in our capital markets business.
 So really strong performance in 2021, but with a really meaningful potential still yet
 in front of us.
 That leads into the second topic I'd like to touch on, fundraising and our pipeline.
 As we look forward, we expect to be fundraising
 across 30-plus strategies in 2022.
 to. So we have a lot of runway and opportunity in front of us.
 In terms of areas of focus, I'd highlight four.
 The first area is private wealth.
 We now manage a little over $50 billion in private wealth assets, and we've been investing
 this channel.
 Historically, private wealth has contributed about 10% to 20% of the money that we raise annually.
 With the investments we're making in people, technology,
 and new product innovation, alongside the strength of our brand
 and our track record, we believe over time that it should be 30 to 50 percent of the
 money that we raise. The second area would be Asia. More than half of global GDP growth
 is expected to come from Asia.
 And as a reminder,
 Eight of our 21 offices are in the region.
 We were early in Asia.
 and we've seen significant scaling as AUM across our Asia-dedicated strategies
 has gone from $20 billion to $42 billion over the last two years,
 with private equity being the biggest driver of that growth.
 In 2022, we expect to be fundraising for five Asia-focused strategies outside of PE, across our infrastructure, real estate, credit, and growth businesses.
 We have a leading footprint in Asia today, and building on our presence is a priority
 and a big opera would be our broader core franchises.
 These are all adjacent strategies to what we're doing in private equity, real estate, as well as infrastructure.
 So think longer-term capital, a lot of which can be raised on a continuous basis for strategies
 that are leveraging resources and deal flow
 that are already resident within the firm today.
 A year ago, we were at $17 billion of AUM across core, and today that figure is north
 of $40 billion.
 In 2022, we look to continue the momentum and expect to be fundraising
 across five distinct strategies in private equity, real estate, and infrastructure.
 And the fourth area is what we're doing across our real estate franchise.
 A year ago, AUM across real estate was $15 billion.
 Today, that figure is $41 billion.
 In 2022, we expect to fundraise across 10 distinct real estate strategies, including the next generation of our opportunistic real estate strategies across all three geographies.
 And with that, let me turn it over to Scott.
 thank you rob and thank you everyone for joining our call today
 As Craig and Rob reviewed, 2021 was a very strong year with record AUM, FRE, and earnings.
 The hard work of the last 10 to 15 years of business building began to show up in bigger
 ways last year. And we're ahead of where we thought we would be at this point. And with a record
 $112 billion of dry powder.
 we are well capitalized to invest in opportunities presented by more
 volatile markets, and in evolving
 macro picture.
 In summary, we feel incredibly well positioned.
 While we're together today, I also wanted to give you a little color on our annual planning
 meetings.
 Last week, we didn't know what to do.
 gathered 35 of our partners for two full days to review where we are, where we're going,
 and what we need to get right to capture the opportunity in front of us.
 It was an extremely energizing discussion.
 As we discussed at our investor day last April,
 we have significant runway in all of our businesses and see the opportunity to
 meaningfully scale across multiple platforms and markets simultaneously, including Asia,
 real estate
 infrastructure, our core suite of products, private wealth, growth, impact in ESG, insurance,
 credit, and private equity, amongst others.
 What we discussed last week is that our progress makes us even more confident
 in the opportunity ahead, and what these businesses can become.
 Said another way, we believe we can get to the destination faster than we thought a year ago,
 and the quantum of the growth opportunity is greater than we anticipated.
 So while 2021 was a great year for the firm, what's particularly exciting is how the progress
 we made last year positions us for more
 growth in the years ahead.
 And critically,
 Joe and I have never had more confidence in our team.
 We have a focused and highly motivated group driving our businesses and functions
 and responsible for each of our growth initiatives.
 So we enter 2022 with significant conviction in our growth prospects, our model, and our
 people and look forward to keeping
 you updated throughout the year.
 And with that, we're happy to take your questions.
 Thank you.
 be conducting a question and answer session.
 If you'd like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 A confirmation tone will indicate your line is in the question queue.
 You may press star 2.
 if you'd like to remove your question from the queue.
 For participants using speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the star key.
 In the interest of time, we ask that you each keep to one question and one follow-up.
 Thank you.
 Our first question comes from the line of Alex Blostein with Goldman Sachs.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hey, good morning, everybody.
 Thanks for taking the question.
 Why don't we start with just the dynamics around fundraising and management fee growth?
 And I really kind of wanted to zone in on a couple of things, I guess.
 First, whether or not the current macro conditions are having any impact on LP appetite to allocate to private markets broadly,
 even if just tactically, but curious to hear what you guys are hearing on the ground.
 and then secondly
 you know
 Rob, you mentioned a number of fundraising initiatives for 2022.
 too. I was hoping you could size how much you expect to raise across those 30-plus strategies
 and ultimately what that means for 2022 management fee growth.
 Hey, Alex, it's Craig.
 why don't I begin to the first part of your question,
 really no change in terms of the interest level that our LPs are having from a fundraising
 side, and it continues to feel like we have a lot of momentum, which is great.
 why don't I give a little bit more granularity in terms of all of those,
 you know, the areas where we're fundraising to give you a sense of the breadth of that
 activity for us you know rob obviously ran through the four areas of focus for us in 2022
 you know more narrowly in private equity we're still fundraising for america's private equity
 we're fundraising for your private equity strategy.
 in growth, fundraising's launched for both the impact
 next-gen tech strategies, in core, we're fundraising across the core businesses.
 So that's core private equity as well as core infra and core plus real estate strategies.
 Now, the latter two are open-ended, and in addition to CorePlus in the U.S. that we've spoken about,
 We've also launched fundraising for Corp Plus Real Estate in Europe and Asia.
 both of those are also open-ended as well as an infra we're fundraising
 continues for the benchmark infrastructure strategy in real estate in addition to the
 Core Plus strategies in all three geographies.
 We're fundraising for a stabilized real estate credit strategy
 and an opportunistic real estate credit strategy as well.
 And credit, we're active in the U.S., Europe, and Asia.
 We're fundraising for lending partners, European Revolving Credit, Asia Credit,
 asset-based finance credit
 opportunities.
 And that's in addition to a Global Atlantic Sidecar strategy.
 Our CLO business has been active, and as we look to raise capital across the leverage
 from the U.S. Department of Defense.
 credit platforms, and our hedge fund partnerships on a more
 continuous basis. And that's all in addition to the suite of democratized
 products that we have.
 So, again, really, I think the overall takeaway, lots of activity, and it just continues to
 feel like we have a lot of momentum.
 Yeah, the only thing I would add, Alex, I agree with Craig, no change in LP appetite.
 the only incremental color I'd give is if anything we're seeing more interest in
 in real assets with yield.
 So anything with some inflation protection, so think infrastructure and real estate,
 As we've seen inflation expectations go up, we're finding even more interest in those asset classes.
 Rob, you want to pick up on the second part?
 Yeah, hey, Alex.
 As it relates to the management fee piece of this, Alex, we've never felt as good as
 do right now about our ability to sustainably grow management fees over time.
 Obviously, I referenced the $38 billion of capital that hasn't yet flown through our
 management fee line item, the 30-plus products, you know, Craig just went through our relationship
 of the global Atlantic, where assets are much higher than where we thought they would be.
 and, frankly, just the new product innovation that's happening across the firm today
 that gives us the ability to grow management fees tomorrow.
 I think the expectation should certainly be continued management fee growth from us
 and being able to do so in a sustainable basis over time.
 Great. Thanks for that. And then just my follow up is around capital management.
 And so you guys obviously picked up the pace.
 to buyback so far in the first quarter,
 given your comments around the robustness of the business going forward.
 Obviously, lots of capacity on the balance sheet given realizations and embedded gains.
 How are you thinking about the buyback at this level for the share price?
 and should we be thinking about acceleration and sharing purchases from here?
 Yeah, Alex, the key for us on capital allocation is to have a consistent approach.
 And you've heard that for us over the last number of years.
 continuing and so as we think about our overall capital allocation strategy you
 know, we want to make sure that we're striking the right balance between capital return to
 shareholders and investing back into KKR for growth, so long as that can be done at high
 ROEs and above our cost of equity.
 So let's take those in order.
 Obviously, we just increased our dividends 7%
 Third consecutive year since we became a Citicorp where we've increased our dividend.
 And then we want to continue to invest back into KKR stock, as you said, certainly at
 these levels, we feel really good
 at our overall body of work on our share buyback.
 We've repurchased or retired north of 80 million shares now.
 That's almost 10% of KKR shares outstanding, almost 15% of our free float.
 And our goal, as you know, is to keep our share count flat
 as it relates to employee dilution.
 so I think the expectation over time
 certainly yes in the market
 uh...
 and acquiring and retiring KKR stock.
 In terms of balancing that with overall opportunity to grow KKR,
 it is a big priority for us to reinvest back into KKR,
 whether that's an M&A or supporting new products
 that support a new innovation so long as we're seeing
 returns that are commensurate with that
 capital commitment, and over the last number of years
 we certainly have.
 So we're going to continue to have a capital allocation framework that is very much ROE-based.
 We feel that's a real core competency of ours
 we think about moving capital around to the highest ROE opportunity, and as you think
 about our overall capital allocation framework,
 I think it's also KKR as an employee base is the single largest shareholder in KKR,
 aligned basis.
 Great.
 control of that.
 Thanks, Al.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Robert Lee with KBW.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Great. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions.
 Maybe first looking at wealth management, generating 30% to 50% of your fundraising from that channel in several years is a pretty big step up, particularly in light of your overall fundraising.
 So you may put a little bit more meat on the bone.
 I know you had
 a new head of global
 wealth management, but
 whether it's specific products or specific things that kind of give you that confidence sitting here today
 that in the next couple of years,
 you can have that magnitude of an increase
 coming from that channel.
 I mean, what would drive that?
 Hey, Rob, it's Craig.
 Why don't I begin?
 And so, you know, private wealth is as big a priority as we have as a firm.
 The addressable market here, as everyone knows, is massive.
 you know total client
 Client assets are estimated to be around $280 trillion.
 dollars. That's pension funds, sovereign wealth, insurance, private wealth combined, and private
 Wealth is almost 65% of that and is growing.
 So, it's a massive end market, but at the same time,
 allocations, as we all know, for individual investors is a fraction of what you find at
 institutions.
 And so individual investors are less than 5%.
 And by our research, we actually think that number is in around 2% to 3%.
 We have this enormous end market.
 It's underpenetrated with allocations that are increasing.
 And so it's a huge opportunity.
 and I think as we think of our investment skills,
 our track record, combined with our brand.
 exceptionally well-positioned to be a winner here.
 The focus, I'd say, is really threefold.
 One, we're focused on our partnerships with private
 both platforms.
 So in the U.S., that's the wire houses, the independent broker dealers, the RIAs.
 And outside the U.S., it's the global private banks
 and the regional private banks.
 And so the business is organized by geography here, and you're correct.
 You've seen some hiring related to that.
 Second, we're related or we're focused on the family capital part.
 So think about that, single-family offices,
 multi-family, ultra-high net worth.
 And some of those folks are very large and very sophisticated.
 And again, we're organized by geography here.
 And then third, we're focused on product creation.
 So historically, we've offered private fund solutions through the private wealth space.
 But really, there are only a limited number of private wealth investors that are qualified
 who could look at private funds as appropriate.
 market.
 we're focusing on creating these new investment solutions, these more
 to marketize products, to marketize solutions that are in a registered fund format and have
 applicability within the private wealth channel.
 So, you know, I think suffice to say
 when you combine
 with where we are in the development of the channel,
 the maturing of our product set, including, and Scott mentioned this a moment ago,
 all the products that we have with the yields, real assets, et cetera,
 and put that together with our brand, which is really encouraged with how we're situated
 in all of the opportunities that we have ahead of us.
 Okay, great, thanks.
 So maybe as a follow-up, I mean, at least Equity Mark has been a pretty rocky start to the year.
 So I guess investors are, you know, generally concerned about kind of the realization outlook from here.
 Could you maybe update us on where things are for you guys right now, you know, through, you know, the start of the year, the first, you know, half of the quarter in Q1?
 Hey, Rob.
 There's some good news here.
 We already have a good amount of visibility into some pretty meaningful revenue from monetization activity.
 As of now, that figure is around $700 million, maybe a bit above that.
 As you know, that's collectively across both our performance as well as our investment
 income.
 And as a reminder, that is from deals that are already closed or have been signed up
 expect to close in Q1.
 So we're off to a really good start there.
 This is one of the strongest figures we've ever had at this stage of the quarter.
 And then the other, I know, relevant thing for your models is the split.
 It's weighted around $75.25 carry investment income right now.
 So, yeah, we feel like a pretty good start to the year and gives us some support going
 into Q1 in 2022.
 Great.
 Thanks for taking my questions, guys.
 Thank you, Rob.
 Thank you.
 The question comes from the line of Bill Katz with Citi.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Okay, thank you very much for taking the questions this morning.
 so maybe come back to interest rates for a moment
 And I was wondering if you could let us know what is your rate assumption that you have that sort of supports your sort of 12% to 13% ROE for Global Atlantic.
 and then if rates were to go up, can you walk us through what the net impact would be
 between maybe a higher ROE there versus any impact on management fees?
 yet.
 Hey, Bill. It's Rob. Thanks for the question.
 And maybe let's start with where we think interest rates are going.
 And so, you know, we do see rates certainly increasing like the rest of the market.
 I think we're likely to get four or more Fed funds increases this year.
 But at the same time, we do see that coming on the back of robust financial conditions.
 So our expectation is that we can be in an environment here where real rates are still
 lower negative over the next couple of years
 I think, is an overall, you know,
 a positive place for a business model perspective.
 Now, of course, there are uncertainties around weights you're going, but I think there's
 a number of areas where we're, I think, pretty well competitively positioned.
 And, you know, as you referenced at Global Atlantic, you know, they are largely biased
 to benefit from interest rates rising over time.
 So $120 billion of capital there as well as how we think about their individual channel
 ability.
 to be able to generate sales from that channel, we think are all positively biased in a rising
 great environment.
 And so, you know, I think there's a number of other areas around KKR as well
 where we think we're compatibly well-positioned.
 look at our credit business, over 200 or close to 200 billion of AUM, much of our third-party
 business there as floating
 great exposure in nature.
 so as interest rates rise
 all things equal, you know, our returns go up and the hurdle rates across many of those
 products tend to be fixed in nature
 the additional incentive fees is that much higher.
 Hopefully that helps answer your question.
 Okay, thanks.
 Just a follow-up, just coming back to maybe your prior guidance,
 and I certainly appreciate the tone and tenor of what you're saying about the confidence.
 But can you sort of still triangulate back to sort of your guidance for this year in terms of two-plus dollars of FRE?
 And so how do you think about that, not only for this year, but maybe into 2023?
 three, just give the compounding nature of growth, and then maybe just sort of level
 set where you are in terms of the
 capital raising flagship of the 100 billion plus
 certainly well into that as well.
 Thank you.
 Yeah.
 No updates to numbers, Bill.
 obviously we're well ahead of
 where we thought we would be even six or 12 months ago.
 as it relates to both fundraising as well as management fee growth,
 This isn't just a result of acceleration of fundraisers.
 In many cases, we have well exceeded the expectations that we have for ourselves.
 We continue to see a robust environment to be able to raise capital.
 And as I mentioned earlier, we continue to see an environment where we should be able
 to really drive substantial management fee growth as well as FRE growth off of a base
 of $2.23. So we should be well ahead of our target for 2022 that we laid out. I think
 12 months ago.
 Yeah, the only thing I'd add, the last quarter we said we thought we could double fee-related earnings in TDE over the next five years.
 That's still very much the case.
 So, you know, no updated guidance for 22, but suffice it to say, we well exceeded what
 we told you a year ago.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thanks.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Shore with Evercore ISI.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hello there.
 Hello.
 So it's been a slower start to the year for just capital markets activity.
 It's early, but if you look at all the pipelines for M&A and IPOs, they're down.
 I think that's just a market jitters thing.
 But anyway, with the slower pipelines, just curious how insulated you think you just gave us a number on dollars for realization pipeline.
 But just a broader picture as you look at the year, how susceptible could a realization pipeline or a capital markets pipeline may or may not be to that?
 In the past, you've given what you think the core run rate of transaction monitoring fees or capital markets.
 That would be helpful.
 Thank you, Zach.
 Thank you.
 I think it's worth spending a little bit of time on our capital markets business.
 have a really, a step function increase in 2021.
 I think if you take a step back, our capital markets business over the last several quarters
 has averaged about $200 million of revenue per quarter.
 Now markets have definitely been open and compliant,
 But I think we've also continued to really take share here.
 So I think that's – as you think about our business in a market environment where capital is being deployed, it can be still a relatively volatile market environment.
 But in one way, there's activity.
 We think that's a reasonable run rate for our business.
 But much more important for us is how we take our business from the $850 million of revenue
 in 2021, and over the next several years, continue to take a lot of share and grow that
 in a meaningful way.
 plans in place to be able to do that.
 We've gone through these a bunch of times.
 It includes Fallen KKR in terms of its own product expansion.
 in terms of its own geographic
 expansion, we think by hiring
 the right capabilities internally.
 That could lead to a lot of revenue growth.
 And I think it's worth calling out our non-KKR issuer business, our third-party business.
 It generated almost $200 million of revenue in 2021, and I think that really speaks to
 our business model and the quality of our people, that we were able to take that business
 and scale to the point that it's not too different from a revenue perspective
 from where our capital markets business was in aggregate not too long ago.
 Glenn, it's Craig.
 You know, we were looking at some of these statistics
 and they're kind of interesting.
 just to give you another sense
 of the breadth in capital market fees.
 And when you look at deployment for us as a firm, if deployments increase materially
 obviously. You know, we were $30 billion
 dollars in 2020, $70 billion in 2021. And if you look at where that, where that came
 and the impact of that, it had a big impact on capital markets revenues.
 So, you know, that increase in deployment for us, it really didn't come from private
 to the next one.
 So we invested $10 billion in 2020.
 we invested 10.2 in 2021.
 and so kcmc's from capital markets went from 230 to 250 in the year like they were up modestly
 But what you really saw, the big driver, when you add up deployment for us in infrastructure
 core private equity growth, and real estate equity.
 So these are the areas that are going to generate on deployment, can generate sizable capital
 market fees.
 deployment for us went 2.3x,
 went up 2.3x in 2021, and capital markets fees cumulatively similarly went up 2.3x, went from
 150 to about 350.
 So, it is a, you know, the dynamic that you have is one where deployment is becoming a lot more broad-based.
 And, again, KCM is not solely going to be based on how we're deploying capital,
 but it's certainly going to be one of those factors.
 So I think really in that number, as Rob said, you're seeing a real development in the footprint
 in the framework of the firm, which is exciting from a management fee standpoint, and it's
 That was also exciting from a capital market standpoint.
 Hey, Glenn, one other.
 I know you had referenced, you know, the impact the capital markets environment have on monetizations.
 I think the big advantage here is we come into 2022 with over $15 billion of embedded revenue that sits in our balance sheet between gross and realized carry and the embedded gains of our investment portfolio.
 Thank you.
 One, and we're off to a good start from a monetization perspective, a good example that we don't need straight line markets up to be able to monetize that $15 billion of embedded revenue.
 You know, but what we will need is we will need a market environment that does have some stability over periods of time and is flexible in nature.
 And, you know, I think there's going to be areas where we're going to be able to continue to pick our spots
 in this kind of a market environment and generate monetizations for our shareholders.
 Great. I appreciate all of that. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes up.
 comes in line of Jerry O'Hara with Jeffries.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Great, thanks.
 Thanks.
 Good morning.
 get an update just on the strategic
 investments within your kind of perpetual capital sleeves.
 Clearly, a nice uptick year over year, but perhaps you can talk about some of the drivers
 of that increase and what we might be able to expect on a go-forward basis.
 Thank you.
 Well, I think that, hey, Jerry, it's Craig.
 You know, very broad-based.
 Again, I think when you look at a lot of the, you know, core is an example area for us from a perpetual standpoint where we're raising capital, infrastructure, real estate, as I mentioned, two aspects of both Europe and Asia, real estate, perpetual, or capital is going to be perpetual in nature.
 Global Atlantic by itself continues to grow in scale in addition to that, which is great.
 And I think we've, over time, also mentioned these longer-dated strategic-type partnerships.
 that activity
 continues its multi-asset class.
 It's, again, capital where you can have recycling, which can be very valuable from an economic
 standpoint you're not going to see that activity from us every quarter but again
 Again, those dialogues keep you up to date and abreast on that.
 One other thing.
 If you look at page five on our press release, you can see a perpetual capital.
 limits up.
 year-on-year over seven times. Now, a lot of that is Global Atlantic, but what we don't
 want to get lost in that slide is that ex-Global Atlantic
 Like our perpetual capital year-on-year was still up four times versus this time last
 year, and so there's a lot of momentum across that part of our business.
 Great, that's helpful.
 And then just as a follow-up, appreciate the thoughts around the Private Wealth channel.
 But as it relates to sort of investment, I think last quarter you talked about sort of looking to triple headcount, if my notes are right, and continuing to sort of invest in operations and technology.
 Can you perhaps give us an update on how things have progressed there and how we're tracking relative to perhaps where you were last quarter?
 Thank you.
 Hey, Jerry, it's Craig.
 So we don't really want to get in the habit, honestly, of giving individual headcount updates on a part of the business and where we are from that.
 But again, suffice to say, this part is a real strategic priority for us, as we've spoken about.
 And there's lots of underlying activity and growth.
 We feel really well positioned, and we're very active as it relates to hiring talent on a global basis.
 that that gives you a clear sense of the importance for us.
 Fair enough.
 Thanks for taking my questions this morning.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Bank of America.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hey, good morning, everyone.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 My question is on Global Atlantic.
 I just want to get an update on your progress to reinvest Global Atlantic's portfolio into
 the country.
 Take Care Originated product.
 also how this could or will impact your blended fee rate as GA reaches your longer-term objective.
 Hey, Greg, it's Rob.
 That's going to be a multi-year process, and we're going to do it in a very prudent way
 and make sure that we're rotating GA's balance sheet
 from, you know, quality investments that they had today
 into opportunities for KKR to be able to invest that capital
 risk level and at an increased yield.
 And so that process is taking place.
 And I would say, you know, 11 months in, we're probably in a better place than we thought we'd be at the beginning of the deal.
 but there's no doubt as we complete that rotation
 or we make progress on that rotation,
 and that's going to increase the blended management fee rate in our overall relationship with Global Atlantic.
 Like, I think that blended management fee rate today is in the mid-teens,
 And so, it definitely has the ability to go up over time based on the rotation that you
 referenced.
 The only thing I'd add, Greg, is that it's going to be a constantly evolving answer to your question.
 Because as you think, especially as Global Atlantic pursues block activity, we're bringing on more assets, and then those blocks need to be rotated themselves.
 So I'm not sure we'll ever reach stasis, frankly.
 But to Rob's point, we're a bit ahead of where we thought we'd be, and we'll keep you updated.
 But the block activity has obviously been significant since we signed the deal.
 Thanks, Scott and Rob.
 And just one other question on that one.
 What assets or KK-originated assets are being allocated into Global Atlantic today?
 Yeah, it's a lot across our real estate credit franchise, our private credit franchise,
 structured finance, asset-based finance, those are really the big areas of opportunity that
 we're working together with the GA team.
 Guys, thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 comes from the line
 of Devin Ryan
 with J&P Securities.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hi, this is Brian McKenna for Devon.
 And, you know, so there's clearly a lot of momentum across the entire platform.
 And I appreciate all the color on the outlook.
 But what do you think will be the biggest driver of growth over the next five years?
 and then what products
 will be the biggest contributor to achieving your FRE and DE targets of $4 plus and $7 plus.
 Yeah. Hey, Brian, it's Rob. I'll take the first shot at it.
 The reality is we've got a lot of confidence across many parts of our business.
 So I'll call it a few.
 and we talked about them on our prepared remarks.
 Asia is a really massive long-term opportunity for us.
 and we've talked about in the past that we think we could take our Asia business
 and make it one day as big as our North America business.
 That's for a couple of reasons.
 One, we think more than global – excuse me, half of global growth is going to come
 years. Two, we have a huge head start and competitive advantage versus our competitors.
 and really the key for us is to take our leading position there
 with our leading position across infrastructure, real estate, credit growth equity on a global
 based on the marriage of those two things.
 And we think that could lead to a lot of growth for us in that part of the world.
 We've got five products, X private equity.
 They'll be fundraising for Capital in Asia in 2022.
 So that's really a big theme for us, you know, what we're doing across real assets and real
 estate and infrastructure we think is really
 exciting. We've talked about
 our bills out of private wealth.
 So there's a number of different avenues and ways that we have to be able to achieve P&L growth over the next several years.
 Yeah, Brian, Scott, thanks for asking the question.
 It's kind of fun to answer, honestly, because as we talked about last April, we just got a lot on.
 You know, we went from six to something like 28 investing strategies over the last decade plus.
 So it's kind of, the answer to your question, it's hard to be succinct, frankly.
 You know, we've got to scale everything we started, which is a long list of asset classes,
 real estate infrastructure, growth, insurance, core, you know, the list goes on and on.
 We have an opportunity to meaningfully expand our client base.
 We talked about private wealth a lot today, but there's a lot happening also in the institutional channels.
 We're creating new growth vectors.
 So not just the existing 28, but you're going to see more things from us in terms of other ways that we can grow.
 I think Smart M&A is going to continue to play a real role here,
 Not only expanding through global Atlantic, but we're also looking at other acquisitions and then having the balance sheet and the currency
 gives us real tools to accelerate
 our growth
 so we've got
 lots of opportunities to scale
 and we haven't even hit all of them today.
 I'm not sure we're going to be able to identify one or two biggest drivers.
 I think it's going to come from a lot of different places.
 And part of the reason you hear such confidence in our voices to double again after we doubled
 in such a short period of time is everything I just mentioned.
 Yep, got it.
 I appreciate all the color there.
 And then just two quick modeling questions for Rob.
 How should we think about margin expansion in 2022 relative to 2021?
 And then is there any updated guidance on the tax rate moving forward?
 Yeah, I'll start with the second one.
 And, you know, our tax rate this year was a little over 17%.
 And what we said over time is we would expect that to migrate up to the statutory rate in
 in the low 20s.
 As it relates to margin, we've talked about operating in the low 60s.
 In Q4, we were at 63.
 In 2021, we were at 63, so a little bit ahead of where we thought we would be.
 We're investing a lot back into the firm right now.
 So I think low 60s is the right level to think about in the near term.
 but we believe over the medium term that we could take our margins to the mid-60s
 on a sustainable basis if we're able to execute on the revenue opportunity in front of us.
 So that's what we're very much focused on as we continue to invest back into the business.
 Thank you, guys.
 Thank you.
 It comes from the line of Brian Bedell with Deutsche Bank.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Great. Thanks. Good morning, folks.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 just back on the retail side
 up to $50 billion
 in private wealth assets
 right now. Are you able to break
 that out between what you would call
 democratized products.
 And I know those are still very much in development, but just to try to get a sense of how you're thinking about that fundraising in retail from new products.
 products. Scott, you mentioned obviously some products on the yield side, gaining attention.
 And maybe just a flavor of that growth path of that, you know, 10 to 20 percent to 30 to 50, maybe even just in the next one to two years.
 kind of
 AUM you think you could raise
 in new democratized
 products in retail
 And then to what extent, you know, would there be significant placement fees attached with the retail side of that?
 Hey, Brian, it's Craig.
 Why don't I start?
 In terms of where we are today, we have three broad, democratized solutions that are on
 a bunch of different platforms in addition to bespoke solutions that are
 tailored for individual platforms.
 To your first question, we have about $5 billion of AUM across that family, if you will.
 We do believe over time that we'll have democratized products, really, across all of our asset classes.
 And alongside of that, we're going to continue to invest in sales marketing, data, digital talent, et cetera.
 and alongside of where we are today we do expect we'll see these products
 launched on additional platforms over the course
 of the year, which will be additive
 to all of this.
 So, you know, it feels like collectively we're off to a great start.
 It still feels to us like we're in the earliest stages.
 You know, one of those products that seems to be taking
 or having a lot of mind share, you know,
 we only began accepting capital in June.
 it's off to a great start
 That's Crest in the real estate business.
 So it just feels like we have a lot of momentum, which is really exciting for us.
 We don't have any breakdown of democratized products for you
 In terms of where we think that number could grow, there's certainly lots of data points
 out there that highlight
 you know, the opportunity, and again, just given the investment,
 and we have the brand investment performance,
 we think we're really well positioned to be a big winner in a massive end market.
 Fair enough.
 And then just on the follow-up, just the timing of a couple of things.
 The expectation of the $38 billion that's not earning management fees now, over what
 time frame, do you expect most of that to move into fee-paying AUM?
 The dry powder also, $112 billion, it's almost double what it was six quarters ago.
 as you raise product
 um... mission we
 be thinking of that
 uh... the point and that i've had a running down in terms of how you're
 seeing opportunities to invest
 that you can search out within the call
 or is it possible that that direct pattern will continue to build given your fundraising?
 Yeah.
 So on the first part of your question, I'd say in that $38 billion, I mean, it's a mix of different things.
 In some cases, it's some investment products where the fee turns on when you invest it,
 And some of those have lives of, you know, three, four, five years from an investment
 period perspective and so I think
 on a blended basis of about three years than some of the other products.
 It's just capital we've raised in funds that we haven't yet turned on.
 And so we would think that that's, you know, more in the next.
 3-6 time frame
 So I think on a blended basis, a couple of years overall, you know, feels like a reasonable
 assumption for that $38 million, maybe a little bit inside of that.
 As it relates to the dry powder, it's a tough question to answer.
 It is really a function of how active the investment environment is, coupled with our fundraising activity.
 And so I think what you've heard from us a number of times on this call is the excitement we have for future fundraising.
 at the same time
 you know, in these volatile markets, we think the opportunity for us to be leaning in from
 an investment perspective might get more interesting.
 And so I think it'll just be a balance of those two things.
 It's hard to be prescriptive about where that number goes over the next couple of quarters.
 That's fair.
 Thank you for all the color.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Michael Cypress with Morgan Stanley.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Oh, hey, good morning.
 Thanks for taking the question.
 I wanted to circle back to a comment Scott had made.
 Scott, you had mentioned that the quantum of opportunity was greater than anticipated.
 anticipated. I'd just be curious to hear your perspectives on why that's been the case.
 What's changed across the industry over the past 12 to 18 months?
 And as you look forward, are there any sort of risk to the outlook that you're paying attention to, either regulatory-wise?
 Clearly, there's been some movement there or on the macro front.
 I'm just curious your perspectives there.
 Thanks for the question, Michael.
 part of it is let me take it back to kind of the strategy that we laid out last April which is that
 you know we said that we only wanted to be in businesses where we thought we already were or
 could get to be top three in the world and we wanted to stay focused in those areas and i think
 part of the reason
 you hear us saying now that we think
 the quantum of the opportunity is greater than we anticipated, is the end markets that
 we're phasing off against are growing quite rapidly, and we're finding investor appetite
 height, not only from the traditional sources, but new sources are increasing
 faster than we'd anticipated.
 So end markets are growing very quickly, and more and more people are investing in what we do.
 And so that's kind of part one to the answer to your question as to why the quantum is greater than we'd anticipated.
 We already expected growth.
 I think it's a bit more than we expected.
 The other thing I'd say is that we are approaching top three faster than we'd anticipated in some of these asset classes.
 And a lot of that's on the back of good investment performance and, you know, building like and trust with a broader client base.
 And so at the end, opportunity is bigger than probably we thought, and we're getting there more rapidly than we thought.
 And so the definition of top three in terms of what that means, in terms of magnitude of AUM, revenue, profitability, is therefore bigger than what we'd anticipated probably 12, 18 months ago.
 You know, the risks, I think, are pretty straightforward.
 We've got to execute.
 It's a pretty straightforward business when you back up.
 If you have strong investment performance and you have products that clients want to invest in
 and they like you
 and they trust your judgment
 and you perform for them
 through a cycle
 it's a very straight
 straightforward to scale.
 So a lot of the risks, and this is one of the reasons we like our business so much, it's on us.
 We've got execution in front of us.
 We just need to perform.
 And I think a big part of the reason you've seen us scaling so rapidly is we've had really
 strong investment performance at the same time that we've been operationalizing a broader
 client base
 And we do see a significant amount of running room on both of those topics.
 So I know there's been a couple questions today about, you know, market volatility,
 and it's been a little more bumpy beginning of this year than what we saw last.
 But from our standpoint, that tends to be quite good news.
 We've talked about the $112 billion of dry powder.
 if we can invest into volatility that tends to create long-term opportunity for us in terms of
 incremental revenue and profit down the road.
 So a long way of saying we really like the way we're positioned right now.
 A little volatility is probably good for our business long term, and the opportunity ahead is significant.
 And just on the regulatory point, just any sort of thoughts there around potential for regulatory changes, enhanced transparency around fees, et cetera?
 Look, I think, you know, the level of regulatory scrutiny of our space is probably a positive for larger players that are more institutionalized.
 And so, you know, there's aspects of how the regulatory environments develop
 that I think the barriers to entry in our space have gone up,
 and that's good for incumbent players.
 So, nothing that we see that, you know, I would call out today.
 Our job is to react to what the regulators talked to us about.
 And so far, we actually think it's been, you know, long-term helpful to our business.
 Great. Just a quick cleanup question for Rob, if I could.
 Just hoping you might be able to update us on the amount of capital that was invested off the balance sheet in 2021
 and the realizations as well off the balance sheet in 2021 and how that compared to 2020, if you have that.
 Yeah, activity was certainly up across the board, Mike.
 we monetized
 just over
 $3 billion off the balance sheet in
 2021, and we deployed
 about $3.7 billion.
 I mean, that deployment does not include a global Atlantic.
 So if you included Global Atlantic in that number, we'd be a little bit below $7 billion
 of deployment for the year.
 Great. Thanks so much.
 Yeah, thanks. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Finney and O'Shea with Wells Fargo Securities.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hi, good morning.
 to follow
 on the insurance topic
 Are you able to touch on what you're seeing on the regulatory agenda, focusing more on structured products and alternative asset manager affiliates?
 and if you see any major impact to the product that you and your peers are providing to insurance clients.
 Thanks for the question.
 It's a topical one, and, you know, we're spending a lot of time internally focused on it.
 But, you know, part of the answer is similar to the answer Scott just gave from a regulatory
 overall regulatory environment perspective.
 I'd say the insurance industry
 just like other financial services.
 This is industry.
 is going through a period of change
 In general, the industry is getting more sophisticated,
 and we think that is ultimately a good thing for policyholders.
 And so as a result of that, we think it's entirely appropriate for regulators to adapt
 as the industry evolves
 and we think smart regulation is a good thing for the industry overall.
 as it relates to the Global Atlantic specifically,
 we've got really close and transparent
 relationships with all of our regulators.
 We know they are working to gather information and
 and industry feedback.
 And beyond that, there's really not a lot that we can comment on.
 All that we can say is that we don't anticipate really any major change to our core business model,
 which is investing thoughtfully behind the long-term promises
 that we're making as an institution to policyholders.
 But I appreciate the question, and it is a topic one.
 Thank you.
 Our final question this morning comes from the line of Rufus Hone with Bank of Montreal.
 Please proceed with your question.
 All right. Thanks for taking my question.
 I had one on Global Atlantic.
 a clearly strong AUM in earnings growth since the acquisition.
 and I was curious if you anticipate any change in the appetite for block transactions
 and on your regular quarterly inflows as interest rates start to rise.
 Any details there would be helpful.
 Thank you.
 Yeah.
 So, no change in our appetite.
 It's been an area of very meaningful
 and we think
 very smart growth that Global Atlantic
 has had over the past 12 months.
 I would say the space around block transactions, I'm sure as you noted, has become a little
 bit more competitive, but we think with our capital base, quality of our management team,
 the relationships we have
 and really are systems and processes
 They position us all to compete really effectively for blockchain to action.
 And I think a big reason why Global Atlantic partnered up with KKR in addition to that
 was our capabilities
 on the asset management side
 and our ability to rotate assets in these blocks into KKR-originated product.
 And so when you combine all of that, we think we're really well positioned.
 no change in appetite, and the institutional part of GA's business will continue to be
 a big growth driver for them going forward.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session.
 And I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Larson for any final comments.
 We were just really in KKR, and we look forward to chatting with you next quarter.
 Take care. Thanks again.
 Thank you.
 This concludes today's conference.
 You may disconnect your lines at this time.
 And thank you for your participation.