 Good morning, and welcome to Banco Sabadell's 2021 full-year results audio webcast. As on previous occasions, the presentation will be run by our CEO, Cesar González Bueno, and our CFO, Leopoldo Alvear. They will present the main highlights and details of the commercial and financial performance of the bank, both in the fourth quarter as well as throughout the year. The presentation will be followed by a Q&A session. We expect the presentation and the Q&A to last one hour altogether. Thank you again for your attendance, and let me now hand it over to Cesar González Bueno. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Sabadell's annual result presentation. Moving to slide four, commercial activity remains strong across all segments. Secondly, we have made significant steps forward in Sabadell's transformation, which is already yielding positive results. In addition, TSB has recorded a net profit of £130 million in 2021, coming from a £160 million net loss in 2020. TSB continues to show good commercial momentum. Finally, Sabadell Group recorded a net profit of €530 million in the year, with a return on tangible equity standing at 5%. This figure for 2021 shows that Sabadell is heading in the right direction. In slide five, our loan book grew by a solid 6.7% in 2021. We are meeting the objectives set in our strategic plan, which included growing in our core geographies, Spain and UK, and shrinking the loan book in our international geographies. In terms of customer funds, both on- and off-balance sheet funds grew in the year as customers continued to increase their savings and investments. On the next few slides, we will go through the commercial performance of the different segments and products. Slide six. In Spain, mortgages performed remarkably well in the year, with new lending in 2021 growing by 38% versus 2020. Our mortgage stock market share is up by 12 basis points. The good performance of mortgages has been driven by a strong demand throughout the year, together with a product offering that includes an improved online simulator and a digital application platform for our customers. However, the most remarkable improvement in our value proposition has been the specialized relationship managers pilot launched in the last quarter of the year. I will cover this in more detail later on my presentation. Granting of new customer loans increased by 11% in the year as a result of the ongoing economic recovery. This growth has enabled us to gain stock market share during the year. In sum, the positive commercial momentum in mortgages and consumer loans is also evident in our market shares for new lending, which keep growing and are ahead of our market shares for the existing stock. New insurance production in 2021 was almost 30% larger than the one of the previous year. This dynamism has resulted in an increase of 74 basis points of our market share in life insurance premiums. Growth is mainly driven by the evolution of mortgage origination and the induced life insurance business it generates. Regarding mutual funds, assets under management in Spain grew by 18.8% in the year, and our market share grew 11 basis points in the same period, mainly due to solid volumes of net inflows. Here, we keep benefiting from our partnership with Amundi. Moving on to slide 8, you can observe that payment-related services are improving along with the economic recovery in Spain and the easing of restrictions. Looking at our cards business, you can observe a very relevant increase in its turnover, which grew by 19% year-on-year. However, our market share declined in the year. This was partly due to the fact that the switch from cash to cards has impacted less our customers than the market, as they were already heavy users than the average. Regarding payments through our point-of-sale devices, turnover increased by 18% in the year. Despite being a very relevant increase, we lost 75 basis points of market share. I will come back to this topic later in the presentation. Slide 9. As you can see in the upper right-hand part of the slide, the volumes of new lending are still subdued in 2021, due to the excess of liquidity that companies accumulated in 2020, mainly through loans guaranteed by ECO. Nevertheless, it is worth noting that we have gained stock market share and that our positioning in this segment of the market remains strong. We expect demand for business lending to rise over the coming quarters and years. Firstly, the liquidity accumulated by companies through ECO loans will go back to normal progressively. And on top of that, the deployment of next-generation EU funds over the next few years will increase both private investment and bank financing. In this regard, a total of €11 billion have already been allocated in 2021 to the regional and local authorities, as well as to corporates and households. However, these funds have had very little traction over bank financing so far. The Spanish government has included €40 billion in its 2022 budget. Finally, it is also worth mentioning that the government has announced its intention to request, by 2023, the full amount of the €140 billion allocated to Spain. As a result, Spain will be receiving not only the €70 billion of grants but also the additional €70 billion of loans in order to help companies, individuals, and public administrations navigate this crisis, go digital, and accelerate its transition towards a more sustainable economy. Slide 10. After having reviewed the origination and commercial performance of the year, let's have a look at the detailed evolution of our performing loan book by segmented products. Looking at the data in Spain, which is on the left-hand side of the slide, you can see that we have managed to grow our loan book in our core segments, which are mortgages, consumer loans, and SMEs and corporates. In addition, as the result of the action taken in our international businesses, ex-TSB, the international loan book continues to reduce its size, as you can see on the right-hand side of the slide. This is in line with our strategy of optimizing capital allocation and the leveraging on the overseas market. A substantial part of this year-on-year reduction is driven by our divestments in Andorra. I would like to spend a bit of time in slide 11. Sorry, it's a busy one, as it is useful to understand the rationale behind our transformation and commercial initiatives. In the chart to the left, you can see the commercial performance of each product. On the x-axis, you can see that the percentual variation of business origination between 2021 and 2019. This illustrates how much of our origination is growing for each product when compared to pre-COVID levels. On the y-axis, you can see the stock market share variation for each product in 2021. This illustrates where our stock growth is beating the market or not. In the interest of time, I won't go through the details of each product, but let me share a brief summary of the graph, and certainly it is informing the way we look at business. As you can see, there are four quadrants in the chart. In the two upper quadrants, we are gaining market share, and that is where most of our products are. With the products on the top right quadrant, we are also increasing our origination volumes versus pre-COVID levels, so we will keep pushing there. With the products on the top left quadrant, we are increasing market share, but with lower origination volume pre-COVID, we are ready there to grow when the market recovers. The products on the bottom quadrants are losing market share. On the bottom right quadrant, we only have two products, cards and point-of-sale payments. We are growing volumes but losing market share. In cards, we are assessing the situation and redefining our strategy, while in point-of-sale payments, we have been managing for profitability and not for volumes. Our profitability in this business is increasing despite the loss of market share. So there it is a very decided in advance strategy. Finally, it is worth noting that we don't have any products decreasing both origination volumes and market share in the bottom left quadrant. Slide 12. You can see the details of how we are implementing a key element of our transformation in retail banking, which is the deployment of specialized relationship managers. As we have shared in the past, customers required specialized support and hand-holding to understand and contract three key products, mortgages, investments, and insurances. We are transforming a significant amount of our retail banking commercial team from being generalist relationship managers to being specialists in a specific product. In the last quarter of 2021, we launched a pilot with around 440 specialized relationship managers. The results of these pilots have been very positive, as you can see in the slide. In insurance and investments, we are observing a higher productivity of these specialized RMs. In the case of mortgages, the sales process takes longer than in insurance or investments, around three months. So it is still early to observe productivity improvements in terms of more sales. However, all mortgage leads generated have now been managed in less than 24 hours, while in the past, the percentage was significantly lower and even over a longer period of time. These, together with other conversion metrics, allow us to be optimistic about mortgage productivity improvements, as well as the other products I've mentioned in the coming months. We are preparing the deployment at the higher scale of specialized relationship managers for these three products early in the second quarter of 2022. We will increase our specialized relationship managers from 440 people to 1,200 by developing our current generalist relationship managers and converting them into product specialists. This is a radical shift in the way we originate and manage our retail business. Slide 13. A brief recap on some recent ESG initiatives and financing activity. In the left-hand side, you can see some relevant initiatives and milestones achieved in Q4 in the fields of environmental, social, and governance. Regarding ESG finance in the year, our volume sustainable new lending in Spain reached 3.6 billion euros, while the new lending of social financing reached 3.4 billion euros. These initiatives and figures are a sign of our commitment to sustainability. In the next annual general meeting of Banco Sabadell, we will be releasing Sabadell's sustainability report, where we will share detailed information on the topic. Looking at TSB in slide 14, its new lending volumes have grown by 50% in 2021 when compared to 2020. This has been driven by a booming property market in the UK, as well as by an attractive value proposition from TSB to its shareholders. As you are all aware, the mortgage market has been partially supported by the stamp duty waiver in the first quarters of the year. However, on the left-hand side, you can see that origination volumes at TSB were still high in the fourth quarter once the stamp duty waiver had been suspended. At the bottom of the slide, you can see that these origination volumes contribute to the evolution of the stock of performing loans where the book grows by 11% driven by mortgage growth. This growth in origination and stock volumes is reflected in our market shares. TSB, in slide 15, delivered a remarkable performance across all P&L lines and achieved a net profit of £130 million in 2021. On the right-hand side of the slide, NII and fees grew substantially while costs showed a downward trend. Regarding efficiency, TSB will advance in its restructuring plan, which will enable it to achieve a cost base of less than £730 million by 2023. TSB continues to look for efficiencies. In this regard, it has recently announced that it will close a further 70 branches in 2022. In addition, I would like to point out that TSB wrote back COVID provisions in the year due to an improved macroeconomic outlook in the UK. In sum, TSB is focused on delivering on profitability and service quality. We see positive outlook for the future. Slide 16, we see that groups' recurrent core results grew by 12.6% in the year. In the chart, we have excluded the effect of non-recurrent costs in 2020 and 2021 in order to show the positive evolution of only the group's recurrent business. Without excluding the one-offs, this evolution would have been better, but we thought that this analysis would be misleading. The three components of recurrent cost results performed well in the year, as you can see on the left-hand side. Moreover, looking at the right-hand side, the quarterly results had also positive momentum. They keep growing quarter by quarter, as shown in the slide. Slide 17, and to finish with this part of my presentation, I would like to summarize the good financial performance we have delivered in 2021, which Leo will explain later in more detail. Firstly, NII grew on a year-on-year basis. Fees performed extremely well in the year, while recurrent costs continue to follow a downward trend as a result of the restructuring plans undertaken in Spain and the UK. As we just discussed, the evolution of recurrent results was very positive. Furthermore, provisions in 2021 were substantially lower than the ones of 2020. Since then, we had the impact of the COVID pandemic. These positive results bring us to an annual net profit of 530 million euros and a return on tangible equity of 5%. Regarding capital, we committed to maintain a ratio of above 12% with a solid MDA management buffer, and we have accomplished that. We closed the year with a 16 basis points increase in our quarter one ratio, which stood at 12.18. Furthermore, and this is relevant, this ratio has increased in a year in which our loan book grew by almost 7%. And with this, I will hand over to Leo to cover our financial results in more detail. Thank you, Thessar, and good morning, everyone. Let's move on to the slide of financial results, and first allow me to go through a quarterly P&L, where we have recorded a net profit of 161 million euros at group level, as you can see. These obviously contributed positively to the 530 million euros of net profit for the year that Thessar just presented. Our quarterly results were mainly impacted by three elements. On the one side, we have the EDEC and deposit guarantee scheme, annual payments, which accounted to 149 million euros, and these, as you know, are usually accounted for in Q4 each year. Second, we have the capital gain on the disposal of our renting businesses, which amounted, as expected, to 41 million euros in net terms. Remember, this has no impact in taxes. And a positive of 56 million euros in taxes as a result of fiscal assets reorganization. Additionally, and although we will later comment in more detail, we have recognized 19 million euros of extraordinary costs related to the closure of 70 branches at TSB, as Thessar mentioned before. Now, turning to the annual P&L, we see NIA and fees growing in the year, which allow us to have a growth rate for 3% in core banking revenues at group level. With regards to the cost line, recurrent costs, excluding the restriction charges in Spain and UK, have declined by 2.3% in the year. This reduction, it's driven by the savings from the efficiency plans launched back in 19 at TSB and 2020 in Spain. But they do not reflect yet, as we will later see, the 130 million euros savings that we expect from our latest efficiency plan, which was launched in three quarters last year, 2021, and it's expected to be finished by Q1-22. All in all, excluding the restructuring charges for both 2020 and 2021, our core results, this is the addition of NIA fees and costs, increased by 12.6% in the year, underpinned by the solid NIA and fee evolution, as well as the cost savings already achieved. Additionally, it is worth mentioning that total provisions went down by 46.2% in the year. This comparison, obviously, is affected by the extraordinary provisions made in 2020 related to COVID, basically 650 million euros. But we will dig a little bit deeper on this topic in the following slides. If we start with NIA in slide number 20, we can see that NIA decreased by 1.6% on a quarterly basis. This was impacted by the alcohol-borne disposals carried out in Q3, as we anticipated and already shared with you in that quote. The quarter-day evolution has been driven by different levers, which we can see in detail in the right-hand side of the slide. Moving from left to right, the loan book contribution to NIA for the quarter has been 3 million euros higher. We have different impacts here. Front book yields have been pressured in the last quarter, specifically in the last month and in the corporate banking space, as creditors sought to meet net lending targets, which was more than offset by tailwinds from FX and by higher loan volumes, particularly at TSB. The lower contribution of the alcohol bonds, together with excessive liquidity generated, have had a negative impact of 17 million euros, in line with our expectations. However, we will have the option to offset part of this impact by reinvesting excessive liquidity in government bonds through 2022. Marginally, we had lower wholesale fundings costs and some cover bonds matured during the quarter, which has been offset by other moving parts on the NIA line. We confirmed that we have met the EZB net lending target to benefit from the extra yield of the TLT Row 3, which, as you know, was already accrued in NIA. And finally, as you can see on the bottom left part of the slide, the customer spread remained broadly stable in the quarter. In the next slide, we show the track record of NIA every quarter, as well as, obviously, the full year accumulated. We've seen a positive growing trend Q&Q, building from bottom levels, seen in Q1, and this has allowed us to achieve a positive growth of 0.8% in the year, in line with our Investor Day's guidance of low single-digit growth for 2021. We've had an average quarterly NIA of 856 million euros, which can be taken as a reference for 2022. And as you can see, it's below Q4's numbers. Going forward, if we look at the expected evolution for 2022, we identify the following as the main moving parts. On the one hand, we will have a lower contribution of the ALCO portfolio bonds due to the disposals carried out in Q3, but we're also short of over 8 billion euro bonds, and therefore, we have the option to reinvest, and hence, should offset most of this impact. This impact for 2022, only for the disposals made in Q3, is going to be minus 60 million euros. And as I said, we should be able to offset most of these impacts by the reinvestment of these bonds. On the other hand, we have the end of TLT Euro 3 benefits, which should reduce NIA by around 75 million euros. And this, on the other hand, should be offset by the positive mortgage market in the UK. This market is supported by volume growth, as well as interest rate hikes, and should more than offset potential margin compressions, and all in all, the impact from TLT Euro. It is also important to mention that we have not factored any rate change in 2022 in Spain, and we have only taken into account 25 basic points in the Bank of England base rate. With all this in mind, we expect NIA to remain flattish in 2022, with all positive elements, especially TSB, contributing to neutralize the biggest negative impact, which will be TLT Euro contribution. Turning on to fees in slide 22, group fees increase in the quarter by 10%, mainly driven by the positive seasonality related to asset management and insurance businesses' success fees. The higher service income evolution is explained by the good performance of syndicated loans, also somewhat affected by seasonality, and 3 million euros of non-recurrent fees in TSB related to current accounts. On the other hand, asset management and insurance fees recorded a very positive quarterly performance, with an increase of 25 million euros, of which, as I mentioned before, 17 are related to success fees. In any case, as mentioned, the quarterly evolutions is affected by positive seasonality. But as we can see, when comparing Q421 with Q420, which had its own seasonal success fees, figures are up 13.5%. Finally, when looking at the full-year amounts, fees have grown north of 8% year-on-year. In the following slide, as we previously did with the NII, we showed the evolution of fees every quarter, as well as the accumulated figure for the year. We've recorded a positive growth trend in fees, as we saw the bottom levels in Q1. On the back of this evolution, fees have achieved a growth of 8.7% in the year, which allows us to perform our investor day's guidance of mid-single-digit growth for 2021. As was the case with the quarterly NII, you can see that our average fees per quarter in 2021, which should be the reference for 2022, was 367 million euros, and is again below Q4 numbers. For next year, the continuation of the good performance in asset management and insurance fees, as well as the positive trend in economic activity, should be the main drivers supporting this line, where we expect a low single-digit growth. Now, leaving the revenue line to one side and moving on to costs, in the following slide, we can see the total record costs slightly increasing the quarter, as we have not yet seen the savings for the second phase of the efficiency plan in Spain. And last quarters of the year always have or come along with some extraordinary volatility in expenses. In addition to this seasonal impact, this quarter, total costs also reflect 19 million euros of extraordinary expenses related to the closures of 70 branches at TSB that will take place during 2022. On an annual basis, and leaving 2020 and 2021's extraordinary costs aside, the restructuring charges, we can see that the underlying cost base is improving since it's decreasing by 2.3%. This is explained by the fact that savings from the execution of the first phase of the efficiency plan in Spain, as well as the restructuring plans at TSB, have already yielded positive results as we have been seen through the year. These results can also be seen in the evolution of the group costs as a percentage of business volume, where we have reduced the weight of costs on our activity by eight basic points in the year. To end with the cost line, as we shared with you last quarter, we expect 85% of the 130 million euros in cost savings from the second phase of the efficiencies plan in Spain to be already seen in 2022, and of course, 100% of those savings to be seen in 2023 onwards. Taking these into account, we expect total costs to reduce around 110 million euros in 2022. In slide 25, we look at the recurrent core assaults, which include, as mentioned before, NII plus fees minus the recurrent costs. This is all costs, but the restructuring charges of both 2020 and 2021. As you can see, this quarter, group recurrent core assaults have increased by 3.6%, while on an annual basis, this number goes up to 12.6%. The different elements that led to wider jaws in the quarter are included in the left-hand side of the slide. NII and costs contributed negatively, but this was more than upset by the positive evolution of fees. In the case of NII, as we have seen, it shows a solid underlying evolution despite the lower contribution of the alcohol bonds, while recurrent cuts grew slightly as a consequence of the seasonal impacts that we mentioned before. On the contrary, as we saw too, fees have had a very strong performance of setting both effects. For 2022, we expect this positive trend in jaws to continue, and this will be driven, as mentioned before, by a flattish expected NII, by growth in fees, and more importantly, by a significant reduction in costs, the 110 million euros mentioned before, therefore providing a high single-digit growth in recurring core assaults. Now, leaving the jaws aside and moving on to cost of risk, the group's year-to-date credit cost of risk stood at 49 basic points. If you recall, this was 51 basic points as we closed Q3 and 53 basic points in June. The group's total cost of risk, including all the provisions in the quarter, the before-mentioned credit impairments with the provisions of foreclosed assets, the NPA management costs, and other provisions for many legal and fiscal risks, reached 72 basic points, basically stable if compared with Q3 numbers. Analyzing the Q4 in detail, we see credit provisions amounted to 195 million euros, which is a slight decrease of 1% in the quarter, where TSB released more provisions due to better macroeconomic UK or outlook in the UK, driven by lower unemployment rates and higher house pricing index. The release is similar to the one accounted in the second and third quarter of the year. Taking a view at the breakdown of total provisions at the top right-hand side, we booked the aforementioned 195 million euros of loan loss provisions, also 23 million euros for charges on foreclosed assets, whereas costs related to management of NPAs were booked at 44 million euros. And finally, 52 million euros were recognized for other provisions, and this number is impacted by 25 million euros in extraordinaries, as a more cautious approach was accounted for contingent and litigation risks. And this should provide a lower pressure in these provisions for 2022, especially taking into account, and this is important in my opinion, that no new sources of litigation risks have arisen in 2021. As you have seen throughout 2021, these three items, foreclosed assets, NPA management costs, and other provisions have remained reasonably stable in the quarter or quarter-on-quarter, just affected by extraordinary events that we have been sharing with you. These provision levels have allowed us to slightly beat our guidance, and in the year, with the credit cost of risk and total cost of risk slightly lower than H1 levels. In order to see how 2022 could evolve in terms of cost of risk, it is worth mentioning or reviewing, first, the part of the credit book that enjoyed or is still enjoying, payment holidays, or EQ guarantees. Beginning with the loan portfolio benefited with payment holidays in Spain, basically retail, as of today, 100% of the total moratoriums granted have expired. Of the total of 3.5 billion euros granted, 500 million euros have already been fully amortized, while the remaining 3 billion are all back paying down principal, as mentioned before. On the total payment holidays granted, or of the total payment holidays granted, 12% are in Stage 3. Within that Stage 3, loans classified as unlikely to pay account for the vast majority, almost, or more, a little bit more than 80%. It is important to note that the percentages of loans in Stage 3 have remained stable quarter on quarter, while the percentage of payment holidays expired have been growing towards the current 100% of the quarters. The starting point in Q1, 16% of Stage 3, was due, basically, to the fact that the first moratorium to expire were those based on consumer loans, which, by definition, imply a higher risk than the mortgage loans. Additionally, as mentioned before, 14% of the total payment holidays granted have been already amortized, the before-mentioned 500 million euros, and this portfolio is represented by a larger amount of consumer loans, where two-thirds of the total consumer loans granted under this program have already been fully amortized. Moving on to the EcoState guaranteed loans, this quarter we have granted 260 million euros, so the total outstanding amount drawn to date is 8.6 billion euros, where state guarantees cover an average of 76%. Once the deadline for the request of potential extensions has come to an end, more than 60% of the EcoExposures are already facing principal payments in 2021, whereas the best part of the remaining 40%, approximately 80%, will end their grace period and therefore start repaying principal in Q2 2022, as you can see in the graph at the bottom right-hand side of the slide. From a risk quality perspective, it is important to note that circa 5% of these EcoLoans are already classified in Stage 3, and out of these 5%, 60% are unlikely to pay. This is, they are not past due more than 90 days. Moving on to the next slide, for 2022, we expect some catalysts in cost of risk to provide a downward trend in provisions. First, let me briefly guide you through the evolution of cost of risk for this year, as it is shown on the graph on the left-hand side of the slide. Both credit cost of risk and total cost of risk end of the year converging to a more normalized figure. Looking at the breakdown of the loan book, allow me to highlight the main drivers that we expect will support a positive trend in credit cost of risk. To do this, we divide the book, as we have shared before, in three different sub-portfolios. The sub-portfolio or the portfolio which has not been affected by either moratoria or payment holidays, the portfolio covered with eco-guarantees and, lastly, the portfolio which received payments holidays. First, let us share our views for the non-affected part of the book, which is by far, obviously, the largest of the three. It represents 92% of the total. This is around 143 billion euros. The portfolio, this portfolio has had a very good performance in terms of credit quality in 2021. We have not seen anything extraordinary and, as we have been sharing with you, the net inflows have remained at better-than-expected levels throughout 2021. We believe this tendency will continue in 2022 on the back of an even better than 2021 macroeconomic outlook. Secondly, we have the eco-loan portfolio where we have not seen any material deterioration today. In fact, we have taken a conservative approach this quarter to advance some loss recognitions for those cases where we have seen or anticipated any potential significant increase in risk. The evolution of this book will be linked to the development of the loans that will start to face principal payments from Q2 onwards, as explained before. In any case, I think it's very important to remember that these exposures are covered with a state guarantee by 76%, therefore, reducing any potential cost-of-risk effort to just 24% of the total exposure. And thirdly, we have the payment holiday portfolio where, as mentioned before, 100% of the payment holidays have already expired where the level of NPLs have remained stable since June, basically. This evolution, as well as the more constructive macroeconomic environment, allow us to believe that this portfolio will not generate further NPLs nor, obviously, cost-of-risk in 2022. Therefore, considering all these drivers, we believe that credit cost-of-risk for 2022 should land between 2021s and 2019s. In terms of the total cost-of-risk trend for 2022, let me review different dynamics across the different concepts. Keep it in mind, as we discussed earlier, that excluding extraordinaries, these lines should be reasonably stable. In foreclosed assets, we will not have the €40 million of extraordinary provisions related to branch grocers that were booked for in 2021. NPL management and I believe costs should remain reasonably stable in 2022. And finally, in terms of other provisions, which are basically, as I mentioned before, litigation and fiscal risks, we believe that we'll perform significantly better than 2022, among other things, because we have front-loaded €25 million in 2021. And moreover, on top of this, as mentioned before, we see no new sources of risks in 2021, and therefore, these lines should improve in 2022. In conclusion, these drivers should allow for the total cost of risk to improve further also in 2022. As always, in the following section of the presentation, we will review the asset quality dynamics, the liquidity, and the capital. Starting by asset quality, we show the evolution of our problematic assets, and let's start with NPLs in slide number 30. NPLs have had an increase in the year of €395 million. But this has been impacted by one of items that we will see in detail in a minute. And as a result, our NPL ratio also went up by six basic points up to 3.65%, while the total coverage on NPLs remains stable at 56%. The outcome, as we have been sharing with you over quarter, has been significantly better than what we had budgeted at the beginning of the year. As per the increase of the €395 million in NPLs, I think it's worth taking into account that most of the movement has been due to non-recurrent items. So on the one hand, you might remember, TSB in Q1 had an extraordinary increase of €190 million, which was related to regulatory changes for the definition of default of their mortgage portfolio. The evolution since then has been very stable. And additionally, we have had €150 million of NPL portfolio report changes throughout the year. These report changes are linked to the portfolios that were sold in 2019 and 2022. Therefore, we don't expect any further impacts going forward because all the portfolios have been cleaned, if you wish. In addition, our exposures across stages have remained broadly stable Q&Q, as well as our stage 3 coverage, which stands at 41.2%. And finally, I think it's worth remembering that half of our current NPLs are classified as unlikely to pay. Now, in terms of foreclosed assets and total NPAs in slide 31, you can see that the stock of foreclosed assets declined by €11 million in the year, representing less than €1.4 billion. Coverage ratio for this portfolio slightly increased up to 38%. Regarding total NPAs, the stock went up and amounts to €7.6 billion, which is explained by the previous mentioned increase in NPLs, while the coverage remained steady at 53%. Finally, the gross and net NPA ratios stand at 4.4 and 2.1%, respectively, with a year-on-year and a quarter-on-quarter evolution that have remained broadly stable. Moving now to liquidity. We see that the group once again ended the quarter and the year with a record liquidity position this can be reflected in an LCR of 221% on €57 billion worth of high-quality liquid assets. Our launch depot ended the quarter at 96%, so it's pretty solid numbers in my opinion. We have, in terms of European Central Bank funding, currently have €32 billion of outstanding TLT-03. And in terms of TFS-ME for the UK, we currently have £5.5 billion outstanding, of which 2.5 were drawn in the quarter. And as per our capital position, we continue generating capital even under a material loan book increase environment. Our CD1 fully loaded ratio stands at 12.18% at year-end, having increased by 16 basic points in the year, while our loan book has expanded over €6 billion. Now, when we look at the quarter's evolution, we see an increase derived basically by organic capital generation, despite the contributions to EDEC and the deposit guarantee schemes in the quarter, and also accruing a 31.8% cash payout. Another positive movement, it's the strategic disposals that we have been sharing with you through the year. Basically, renting business and Andorra was contributed with 17 basic points, as expected. It also should be noted that this quarter we have front-loaded a big part of the impact that we shared with you in previous quarters that we were expecting for the EBA guidelines. We were expecting 15 basic points for 2022, and we have front-loaded 10 of those 15 in 2021 in this quarter. Therefore, the only regulatory impact that we expect for 2022 is just a minor five basic points coming from these EBA guidelines. From a regulatory perspective, CET1 ratio stood at 12.43% on a phasing basis, and consequently, our MDA buffer now stands at 391 basic points, having increased by 78 basic points in the year. This buffer, as you might remember, is above our target of 350 basic points. And we see it increasing in the future since what we're seeing, what we are forecasting for 2022, is an increase in CET1 fully loaded. To conclude this section, the following slide shows you our current Emerald position and the requirements for 2024. As we are already compliant with all targets, the ones based on risk-weighted assets, the ones based on leverage ratio, and also the subordinated ones, our issuance plan will be, therefore, focused on optimizing the funding costs and the funding sources, as well as keeping our capital buckets full and an Emerald management buffer. And with this, I hand it over to Cesar, who will conclude our presentation today. Thank you, Leo. To finish our results presentation today, I would like to recap on the targets achieved in 2021. I would like to signal that 2021 we have reached all targets set in our strategic plan on the strength of core results and perspective for cost of risk, as per the guidance Leo just provided, we are bringing forward our 2022, the more than 6% return on tangible equity target. Finally, the Board has approved to propose at the next annual general meeting a cash dividend payment of $0.03 per share, which implies a slightly higher than 30% payout and a dividend yield of around 5%. And with this, I will hand over to Gerardo to kick off our Q&A. Thank you. Thank you, Cesar. We will now begin the Q&A session. We would love to take questions from all of you, and there are already many of you in line, so I would kindly ask you to try to make a reduced number of questions if possible, please. Operator, could you please open the line for the next question? Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Alvaro Serrano from Morgan Stanley. Please ask your question. Hi. Good morning, Cesar and Leo. My question is really about NII. I mean, in slide 21, I think, Leo, you mentioned the 856 quarterly average, the reference for 2022, and there's three tailwinds, three headwinds. Is that, should we interpret that a flat is a good sort of level of guidance, or am I misinterpreting it? And related to that, can you maybe discuss what your loan growth sort of assumptions are and how you see loan growth panning out in particular in Spain and in the UK? the margin sort of was down in Q4, and obviously the race entity is very, rates are going to go up and potentially three or four times this year. Can you, Mavis, walk us through the race entity, which we know, but how much of that in particular could be competed away? What do you think could be competed away? Okay. Let me give it the first shot and then I'll let Leo. When we look forward, we, yes, think that NII should be flattish because although the Alco portfolio disposal of this year will be partially mitigated by reinvestment in government bonds, and there the higher yield curve will help, and also it will be helped by wholesale funding costs, the net effect should be negative. Also, the TLTRO that ends in June 22, there we think that it will be more than offset, and this links to your second question, more than offset by TSB because TSB, although margins are going to have some pressure, will benefit from two significant factors, which are higher volumes and higher interest rates by the Bank of England, and our Bank of England rates in our numbers are relatively conservative, and we might see some further tailwind. In Spain, as you have seen, we are gaining market share across all products, basically, and therefore we consider that the volumes will continue to be healthy and will be offset somewhat by margin cooperation. So, overall, our guidance, and you were right in reading Leo's message, our guidance is more or less flattish. I think I have kind of answered the volumes response. We spend, we expect in volumes in Spain, low single digit growth across the different segments, continuing hopefully to gain market share in all products, that's mortgages, consumer loans, SMEs, and corporates, as we did in 2021. The tailwind of the next generation EU fund will come more in the second part of the year, the $40 billion that we were mentioning before, and in UK we are foreseeing a mid single digit growth in volumes. Leo, I don't know if you want to add. I think you answered most of it, let me just put some numbers if you wish, onto that so that we are as clear as we can. So basically for the alcohol book as we mentioned in third quarter, and I can refresh now, if we compare our current outstanding balances and the yield that we had in 2021 versus the one that we would have with those outstanding balances in 2022, we would have a negative impact of minus 60 million euros of contribution, but we are short of 8 billion euros of bonds and we expect to take advantage of the rate movements, long-term rate movements, so we expect that we will reinvest all or a big part of that portfolio through the year. So we should compensate most of that impact, not total because it will take time until we rebuild those portfolios with good rates, but most of that should be compensated. Remember that in this current context is not only the yield that you get out of the bonds, but also the reduction of the excess of liquidity, which is very important. The second impact is TLTRO, minus 75 million euros for next year, and we believe, as Desire explained, that we should be more than upset by the TSB evolution. TSB, we need to remember that we are counting on volumes next year, but it's not only volumes of 2022. We have to remember that TSB grew over 11% this year, and what we have from 1st January, it's the total volumes that we ended with in Q4, so it's significantly higher than Q121, so this adds also a lot of money for a lot of NII for 2022, and on top of that, we're expecting to increase volumes in TSB in 2022. Now, in terms of rates, I think we've been reasonably conservative, if you wish, so for Spain, we have not considered any rate movement, I know there are a number of brokers that are coming now with more optimistic views in the last few weeks, but we have considered zero, and in terms of TSB, we've only considered 25 basic points, while the market now is probably facing more to 100 this year. so I think if anything, that should help. In any case, I'm talking about the NII sensitivity that you mentioned, Alvaro, we need to remember that basically higher interest rates take some time to flow into NII, because it takes time to reprice all the asset side. So I think in terms of sensitivity, we have a little bit more sensitivity in TSB than in Spain, but in a different context, if you allow me to explain it this way. While in Spain or continental Europe, Euribor is still at minus 50, so deep negative, we don't expect that any rate movement, whenever that comes, will have an impact on the liability sides, because as I said, the rates are still very negative. So I think any movement in rates, whenever it comes, should be more or less fully trespassed to NII. In TSB, it's a little bit different, because the rate is already positive, and it's at 25 basic points. So when looking at the NII sensitivity, we have to take an assumption regarding how much of that interest rate hike would be passed through to the positons. But in general terms, the sensitivity to NII for the group and for TSB should be around 2-3% of NII for every 10 basic points movement. But please remember that the impact of this NII movement, as we have shared before, is much more concentrated on the second year than in the first year, because, as I mentioned before, it takes time to reprice the asset site. Thank you. Please, could we move to the next question? Next question comes from the line of Mock Mission from GB Capital. Please ask your question. Hi, good morning. Thank you for the presentation and taking the questions. I have two, if I may. The first one is on taxes. I would appreciate if you could take us through the fiscal adjustments you included in the quarter. And the second one is on profitability. You've brought forward the above 6% return on tangible equity target to 2022. I was wondering if you include any provision reversals at TSB in the guidance. And also, now that things are going in line, or even better than expected, why don't you want to be more bullish on the 2023 target? Thank you. I'll leave the taxes to you, Leo, and give a very high level on the profitability. On the profitability, to your specific question, if there's something about reversion in TSB, we have there still 30 million of potential reversion, but that's not material in our consideration of the profitability. The profitability of the 6% is coming basically from a flattish NII, low single digit in fees, contribution of 110 million of the saving cost, and a significant reduction in risk cost. That's the main origin of the profitability looking forward and our confidence in the more than 6% for 2022. But I leave Leo on the taxes. Sorry, on 20, yeah, for more than 6% on 2022. We are not giving any guidance for 2023 because we think that it's a little bit too early, no? this is just 8 months old and we don't think we should change the plan at this point in time. But certainly we are more optimistic about beating the plan as we stand, beating the plan of 2023 as we stand today, as it's quite obvious from the numbers we have shown today. And with regards to the taxes, basically in Q4 we closed some subsidiaries from around 10 years ago, some real estate subsidiaries that allowed us to contribute or consolidate 56 million euros of fiscal assets. So basically this has a positive impact in P&L, which is the one that you have seen, but has no impact in capital because basically there are tax losses carried forward, so basically they are deducted from CET1. This is a one-off impact that was due to arriving in this quarter. Thanks a lot for the questions, Max. Oh, sorry, yeah, and one more thing. Remember that also in this quarter we have the profit coming from the renting disposal, which is tax-free, okay? It does not contribute to the income tax. Thanks a lot for the questions. Let's move on to the next caller, please. Next one from the line of Ignacio Largui from BNP Parba. Please ask your question. Hi, yes, I have two questions. One on fees, I mean, you have just sort of like gone through the NII, but I was wondering a bit on the low single digit growth in fees, what are the main drivers behind? A very quick one on the strong corporate lending growth production in the fourth quarter. How should we see that sort of like impacting NII in 2022, particularly in the first quarter? I mean, I assume that a lot of the lending growth, syndicated lending growth activity has been back and loaded in the quarter. So if you could elaborate a bit on the dynamics of that portfolio in margins and in NII. Thank you. Shall I take them if you wish? So first on fees, we had a very good year for 2021. It was better than what we expected. We guided for mid single digit growth. We almost did 9%. And I think we're very happy about the evolution. We are still seeing good momentum in 2022. There's a number of things that should help us increase our fees in 2022, but we see a little bit less of an evolution than the one that we had in 2021 because it was very big. So basically that's why we're guiding for a low single digit growth. We're fairly confident that we can achieve it. This is based on basically the very positive commercial momentum in terms of AUMs. We're very happy with the evolution of AUMs. I mean, when I look back now, basically, we are only 10% behind what we were making in terms of fees and commissions in AUMs before we sold the asset manager last year. So basically, we are about to complete a one-year payback, which is, in my opinion, quite impressive. And this is because the kind of products that we're showing our customers was much better than what we could do on a standalone basis before. And therefore, we're getting quite a lot of momentum on this regard. And we expect, certainly, this to continue in 2022. We're also thinking that we can make some increases in terms of insurance, basically if only based on the evolution of our mortgage volumes and the insurance related to them. So we are positive in that regard. And then activity. We believe that the activity has to recover more in 2022 on the basis of the macro context. So we're fairly optimistic in fees in 2022, but we don't think we will be able to achieve the numbers that we achieved in 2021 because we're basically better than what we were thinking. So positive but low single-deeds. And with regards to your second question, we saw in the quarter some pressure on the margins of especially corporate banking. You know, banks were wanting to make certain that they were going to achieve the net lending targets. And therefore, especially in December, we saw a little bit of a drop in prices, but I think it was a very seasonal impact, in my opinion. It was driven by this issue that I mentioned before. And in terms of volumes for next year, as Tessar was mentioning, we believe that we should keep on growing on this segment, I mean, on the SME segment. Next year, or sorry, this year, in 2022, we should start seeing the impact of the next generation fund, but I think this is going to be, in my opinion, backloaded to the second half of the year. But despite that, I think the recovery of the economy should improve the numbers here, not something spectacular. as Tessar mentioned before, we've seen low single-digit growth in volumes for Spain in 2022. Thank you. Let's move please to the next question. Next one, just on the line of Marta Sanchez Romero from Bank of America. Please ask your question. Hello, good morning. My first question is on the Alcom portfolio. Can you please elaborate a bit more on the volumes you could be adding, and what are you buying? Because you can get a bit of a yield now, but you're incurring a lot of duration risk, particularly if the reflation is here. I don't know if it's a very consistent strategy. And the second question is on asset quality. Can you please provide a bit more color on those repurchases of NPL portfolios? What is this? And could we see more? And then more generally, what is your outlook for NPL entries in 2022? We've seen that NPLs are up. You're a bit of an outlier here. Banks that have reported so far have shown very, very sound NPL trends. And also on coverage, your stage three loan coverage has dropped to 41%, seems low, particularly when stage three loans are going up. Thank you. Sure. So on volumes, as I mentioned before, we are now short of 8 billion euros of bonds if we compare it to September 2020, which is when we started selling bonds in order to fund the restructuring plans. As I mentioned, there is a chance that we reinvest those bonds. I do not fully agree with your view on this regard. I think obviously if we buy bonds, it's going to be in the health to collect portfolio, so it shall have no impact in capital in any case going forward. And I think we need to remember that it's not only the yields that we're getting out of the bonds that we buy, but the excess liquidity, which is costing us 50 basic points at the current day. As I said, with the construction of this portfolio in 2022, we're probably not going to be able to fully offset the impact of the minus 60 million euros that I mentioned before, because it will take time to build this portfolio. And we're going to be opportunistic with the yields, but I think it should help to offset most of it. With regards to us equality, basically what we had in the year was a flowback of 150 million euros in NPLs. I think it's worth seeing the context of this. This is 150 million euros on the back of over 10 billion euros of transactions of the disposals of this portfolio, so barely 1.6%. 1.6% of the total. And the reasons for these are basically two. On the one hand, in NPLs is the difference between the signing and the due dealings and the closing, which is basically that the pre-churched identified assets not eligible, loans related to social housing, loans that have been repossessed during that period, et cetera, et cetera. This is absolutely normal. I've seen it in my previous job, I've seen it everywhere. I think the numbers, in my opinion, are not very relevant. And then there's also another impact in the case of foreclosed assets, and this is due to the Ley de Crédito Immobiliario. When this was implemented, any repossessed assets sold that did not meet the new Ley de Crédito Immobiliario would have to be reverted to the bank, and these REOs are coming back to the bank in the forms of NPLs. In any case, we do not see any impact going forward because the portfolios that were sold in 2019 and 2020 are really clean. So this was more of an historical issue that was pending to finish, if you wish, and not anything that we still have going forward. So this is 150 million of the movement of NPLs. The NPLs moved 395 million euros in the year. And we also have another specific impact which accounted to 190 million euros in Q1 and was derived from TSB as I explained before. So all in all, we're saying that 350 of the 195 million euro growth in NPLs in the year are basically explained by these two factors. In my opinion, an evolution of 40, 50 million euros in 2021 of increase of NPLs, we're very happy with it. I think it's much, much better than what we ever could imagine in 2021. So for next year, what's the outlook? As I tried to explain before, dividing the three different buckets of the portfolio that we have, on the vast majority of the portfolio, over 90% of the portfolio which is not affected by neither moratorias nor RICOS, trend is very good, has been very good in 2021, and I don't see a reason to believe that the trend should not be at least the same or even better in 2022, because the macro is holding up very well, real estate prices are going up, unemployment rate is going very well, and GDP should grow from 5% to 6% next year. On the second book, moratorias, I think that's done, as I mentioned before, everything is already paying, 500 million out of the 3.5% have already been amortized, so we don't expect neither new MPLs nor basically any kind of cost of risk for 2022. And on the eco book, well, we anticipated and front-loaded a little bit of MPLs this quarter out of that book. As I said, we have around 5% of the book classified as stage 3, and out of that, 60% is unlikely to pay, therefore it has not passed due over 90 days. We will see, and we need to wait a little bit on how this evolves. I think the trigger here for us, and I believe the sector, will be second queue next year, because 80% of the remaining exposure that is not paying in principle today will start in second queue. But in any case, the impact of this in cost of risk, I think, well, it's certainly reduced, given the fact that 76% of this book is covered by state guarantees. Therefore, we only have to provide for the remaining 24% in terms of cost of risk. So for the overall movement in MPLs, I'm not certain whether we have seen the peak at the end of 2021, but I believe that if we have not seen that peak, the movement in 2022 should not be relevant, in my opinion. Thanks a lot. Let's move on to the next question, please. Next one, I'm coming to the line of Benji Creelan from Jefferies. Please ask your question. Yes, good morning, everyone. It's Benji here at Jefferies. Just a question on the cost guidance, please. Perhaps if you could just split out a little bit more detail, the moving parts between the expected savings in 2022 versus the underlying inflation, wage drift, etc. Perhaps more specifically, just in terms of the outlook for wage growth going forward, is there any terms or deadlines that we should be aware of just post the recent reduction agreements with unions that might impact upon wage growth and the potential impact on inflation going forward? Thank you. Sure. So, basically, as explained before, we are expecting 85% of the expected savings out of our second efficiency plan, which we are now basically executing, to be reflected in our numbers in 2022 already. we are out of, at the end of January, basically, around 50% of the efficiency plan will have already been executed, so that's why we are confident that we will, and the remaining 50% will be executed in February and March. So, that's why we're very confident that we will achieve this, at least this 85%. on the, so that's, in our case, we're very confident that we can meet those targets, you know. As per the inflation, yes, there is inflation in costs, but it's basically linked to electricity, or the most, the biggest part of that, it's linked to electricity. So, while inflation is over 6% in Spain, if we go to the pot that should be, or could impact our costs, it's probably more linked to the service inflation, and that's more around 2%. In any case, we're fighting to try to reduce that in this year. And we have some cost-efficiency initiatives in order to offset that. Efficiencies in the field of, I don't know, the amount we are spending on consultancy, the amount that we are spending in physical mailing, driven by the fact that our clients want to relate with us through digital and not physical, and that, well, it seems silly, but there's a lot of money in that physical mailing, so I think we can save there some money. And then, as per your last question, which was wage inflation, for this year, we are accounted to, or we are subject to the labor union's agreement, and that includes 1% of increase for 2022, which is obviously considered in our numbers. And 4% for the UK. Correct. Yeah, sorry, that was in Spain. Thank you. Let's please move on to the next question. Next one, the line of Fernando Gil from Barclays, please ask your question. Hi, good morning. Thank you for the presentations and the questions. A question on capital and dividends. You have declared intention to pay three cents cash dividend. I was wondering if there is any change for the payout policy during 2022, given the guide that you have provided on capital to be better. And the second question is on TSB and the strategy of the asset in the group. We still don't know about a potential find that may be coming. do you have any inputs that you can share with us on that? And, yeah, that would be it. Thank you. Okay. So, on dividends, there is no guidance and there's no decision from the board for future, besides what has been communicated today around the distribution over the 2021 results. The logic and the mood would be that logically, as results continue to improve, payout should also naturally increase. But there's no more than we can say at this time because there's no formal decision from the board. In terms of the TSB fine, it's still early, although we think that the movements will happen probably this year. I think there are two factors here. One is the fine, which is uncertain, and the other one is the recovery from the insurance, which is also uncertain. The way we see it is that we expect that there will be no material impact from that because they will tend to compensate each other. And the only thing that we do is we expect a time difference between the potential fine which should come earlier than the recovery from the insurance on the matter that we are discussing. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Let's please move on to the next question. next question from the line of Francisco Rico from Elantra. Please ask your question. Yes, good morning. Thank you for the presentation and the detailed guidance. So I wanted to ask about TSB. So you have reached 7.7% ROTE at TSB in 2021. Obviously, this is with the help of writebacks. So, overall, if you can comment on how do you see ROTE for TSB going forward. On the one hand, the writebacks, you mentioned that there is still room for additional writebacks in 2022. You were guiding also for a 20 BIPs cost of risk normalized, but for a pure mortgage, monoline bank, maybe conservative. The cost base, I understood you were also mentioning that you could beat the 730 million euros guidance for the cost base. So you have some one of those also in fee income positive. So if you can please comment on the overall sustainability of this profitability for TSB going forward. And then also, strategically on TSB, any update on your views on this asset? Thank you. Shall I take the profitability one? Yes, sir? Sure. Okay. So basically for TSB, we are also positive, if you wish. No? It's true that we have been able to reach this 7.7% R2E, sorry, return tangible equity in 2021, which is well ahead of our initial guidance, which was north of 6% for 2023. So things are improving. Things have improved more than we thought. I think with regard to the management of the bank, things are going very well. And also, the macro is improving much faster, and it has helped a lot. For example, in terms of the volumes that have been done both for the market and both for TSB in 2021, which was not in our expectation. In any case, moving forward and looking at 2022, as I said, we are positive. We think NII should expand because of the reasons I mentioned before. So basically volumes, we're going to grow volumes in 2022. But also, we are starting the year with the volumes of Q4, which were significantly higher than in Q1. So this is going to have to be, it's going to be, it should be fairly positive for 2022, despite the fact that we are not considering all the full rate increases that the market is now taking into account. Just 25 basic points out of the 100. So pretty confident on NII. Fees, I think we had a very good year in 2022, sorry, in 2021. So we are aiming for perhaps a flattish number in 2022, something reasonably stable. Costs are going to go down in 2022 because of the execution of the restructuring plan in 2021. So year and year, they're going to go down, you know? And then cost of risk. We had no cost of risk in 2021 because of the right box. We believe that cost of risk going forward on normalized basis should be fairly low. the 20 basic points that you mentioned, Paco. Basically, this is a mortgage monoliner. As you very well know, the mortgage market in the UK is very different to the one in Spain. We're talking about mortgages that have less than two-year duration because of how the market evolves there. So basically, historically, mortgages in the UK have had very, very, very little basic points in terms of cost of risk. I would say less than mid-single-dude. And we're expecting, we're forecasting 20, you know? Because we have a little bit of consumer finance. And on top of that, there is a chance that, you know, there's still some provisions that were booked in 2020 and that if the macro has a good evolution, could be released. But even without that, we are confident that return on tangible equity in 2022 should improve. And spare study, Cesar? Yeah. In terms of, I mean, TSB is generating capital to fund its own growth. We are very satisfied with the way management and the market and the evolution of the numbers and the strategies going forward. And sorry for being boring, but there are no plans to engage in corporate activity. So no change. Thank you. Let's please move on to the next question. Next question from the line of Mario Rupero from Best Inver Securities. Please ask your question. Hi. Good morning, everybody. My first question is on customer spreads. We have been hearing in general in the industry that customer spreads should tend to be stable. But actually, we're still seeing pressure. So I would like to hear your comments going forward into 2022. Perhaps a little bit of thoughts about different segments. And then the second question, which is a detailed one, if you could provide the percentage of eco-lawns that are under stage two. Thank you. Okay. I think we have been all along saying that customer spreads are under some pressure both in Spain and the UK across the different segments, both retail and commercial. The question is, and I think in the guidance that, I mean, the forward-looking that we're giving, we are saying that this would be compensated by volume growth. So it's not dramatic, but we see some minor reduction in customer spreads that should be offset or more than offset by volume growth. In terms of capital, this is also managed because we are being more efficient in the way we deploy it. So overall, it's a positive outcome. And as per the eco-loans, we have around 18% of the portfolio classified as stage two at the end of the year. Thanks a lot. We're starting to run short of time, so we'll give access to one more call and we'll see if we can fit yet another one behind that. So let's please give access to the next call. Next question from the line of Brita Smith from Autonomous Research. Please ask her question. Yeah, hi there. Good morning. I've got two quick ones. Can you tell us what the macro provisions are that are left in Spain and what the expected cost of risk on the NPL inflow is at the moment? And then secondly, are calendar provisions included in your cost of risk outlook or do you expect this to potentially impact the shrub or not have any impact whatsoever? Thanks. Sure. So in terms of macro, if we consider macro what we provisioned in 2020 as per COVID, that was 650 million euros. We are not considering any release of these provisions in 2022. This is important to mention. Okay, so our view of the evolution of cost of risk in 2022 is if you wish the recurrent evolution of cost of risk, no? So we're not foreseeing any kind of writebacks of these provisions in 2022. And as per the calendar provisions, we are including those in the cost of risk. So we do not expect any kind of impact in capital and, of course, nor in this rep. Thanks a lot. That was quick. So we'll try to squeeze one last question, please. Next one comes from the line of Carlos Cobo from Society Generali. Please ask your question. Hello. Thank you. Thank you for your presentation and I'll be quick. It's just about if you could explain a little bit how much of your loan portfolio is now at fixed rate and how are you thinking about that if you are starting to swap that to hedge the interest rate risk. At the same time, on pricing, have you already started to increase the front book prices of fixed rate mortgages because inflation is, you know, adding some pressure there if you are accommodating that risk in the front book as well? How are you thinking about that pricing policy if you still want to promote fixed rate mortgages as the way to go forward or you're going to change that in the new environment? Thank you. Around 80% of the new mortgages lending in Q4 have been fixed but the majority of the portfolio, if you look at the portfolio as a whole, is variable. We are tending, yes, to produce a more balanced, the market is more or less at 50-50 fixed and variable and we will progressively tend to reduce our production of fixed mortgage lending and balancing it with more production of variable. Also, not also from a book perspective but also from a demand, customer demand perspective, we think that's a trend to a more balanced composition. And as per the hedging that you mentioned, Carlos, basically we hedged the book through our ALCO committee, if you wish. So basically we hedged it through the hedge of our bonds, portfolios, and the hedge of our funding. So, of course, we take into account the evolution of the book and the evolution of whether the book is more fixed or more floating and taking that into account, we hedged the balance sheet. In any case, we are now more hedged to increase in rates, among other things, for example, because we sold bond portfolios. So because we're shorter of portfolios now, we're more hedged to increase of rates. if we were to buy some of those or rebuild part of those portfolios that I mentioned before, we would, of course, apply the same hedging or leave the hedging where it is right now through hedges on either those bonds or the wholesale funding that we produce. Thanks a lot. We now wrap up the Q&A session. Thank you all for your questions. As always, the full IR team is available for any further questions that you could have. Once again, thank you all for joining us today. Have a good day. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.