 Good morning and welcome to Banco Sabadell's 2021 Full Year Results Audio Webcast.
 As in previous occasions, the presentation will be run by our CEO, César González Bueno,
 and our CFO, Leopoldo Alveara.
 They will present the main highlights and details of the commercial and financial performance
 of the bank, both in the fourth quarter as well as throughout the year.
 presentation will be followed by a Q&A session.
 We expect the presentation and the Q&A
 to last one hour altogether.
 Thank you again for your attendance, and let me now hand it over to Cesar González Bueno.
 Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining Saladel's annual result presentation.
 Moving to slide four.
 Commercial activity remains strong across all segments.
 Secondly, we have made significant steps forward in Sabadell's transformation, which is already
 the yielding positive results.
 In addition, TSB has recorded a net profit of 130 million pounds in 2021, coming from
 £160 million net loss in 2020.
 TSP continues to show good commercial momentum.
 Finally, Sabadell Group recorded the net profit of 530 million euros in the year, with a return
 an untangible equity standing at 5%.
 This figure for 2021 shows that Sabadell is heading
 in the right direction.
 in slide five
 Our loan book grew by a solid 6.7% in 2021.
 We are meeting the objective set in our strategic plan, which included growing in our core geographies, Spain and UK,
 shrinking the loan book in our international geographies. In terms of
 Of customer funds, both on and off balance sheet, funds grew in the year as customers
 continue to increase their savings and investments.
 On the next few slides we will go through the commercial performance of the different
 segments and products.
 Slide 6 In Spain, mortgages performed remarkably well
 in the year, with new lending in 2021 growing by 38% versus 2020.
 Our mortgage stock market share is up by 12 basis points.
 The good performance of mortgages has been driven by a strong demand throughout the year,
 together with a product offering that includes an improved online simulator and a digital
 application platform for our customers.
 However, the most remarkable improvement in our value proposition has been the specialized
 relationship managers pilot launched in the last quarter of the year. I will
 I'll cover this in more detail later on my presentation.
 Granting of new customer loans increased by 11% in the year as a result of the ongoing
 economic recovery.
 growth has enabled us to gain stock market share during the year.
 In sum, the positive commercial momentum in mortgages and consumer loans is also evident
 in our market shares for new lending, which keep growing and are ahead of our market shares
 for the existing stock.
 New insurance production in 21 was almost 30% larger than the one of the previous year.
 This dynamism has resulted in an increase of 74 basis points of our market share in life insurance premiums.
 Growth is mainly driven by the evolution of mortgage origination and the induced life insurance business it generates.
 Regarding mutual funds, assets under management in Spain grew by 18.8% in the year, and our
 Your market share grew 11 basis points in the same period, mainly due to solid volumes
 of net inflows.
 Here, we keep benefitting from our partnership with Amundi.
 Moving on to slide 8, you can observe that payment-related services are improving along with the economic recovery in Spain, and the easing of restrictions.
 Looking at our cart's business, you can observe a very relevant increase in its turnover, which grew by 19% year-on-year.
 However, our market share declined in the year.
 This was partly due to the fact that the switch from cash to cards has impacted less our
 customers than the market, as they were already heavy users than the average.
 Regarding payments through our point of sale devices,
 over increased by 18% in the year.
 It being a very relevant increase, we lost 75 basis points of market share.
 I will come back to this topic later in the presentation.
 Slide 9, as you can see in the upper right hand part of the slide, the volumes of new
 new lending are still subdued in 2021 due to the excess of liquidity that companies
 accumulated in 2020, mainly through loans guaranteed by ECO.
 Nevertheless, it is worth noting that we have gained stock market share and that our positioning
 in this segment of the market remains strong.
 We expect demand for business lending to rise over the coming quarters and years.
 Firstly, the liquidity accumulated by company's three columns will go back to normal progressively.
 And on top of that, the deployment of next generation EU funds over the next few years
 will increase both private investment and bank financing.
 In this regard, a total of €11 billion have already been allocated in 2021 to the regional
 and local authorities, as well as to corporates and households.
 However, these funds have had very little traction over bank financing so far.
 The Spanish government has included 40 billion euros in its 2022 budget.
 Finally, it is also worth mentioning that the government has announced its intention to
 request by 2023 the full amount of the 140 billion allocated to Spain.
 As a result, Spain will be receiving not only the 70 billion of grants, but also the additional
 70 billion of loans in order to help companies, individuals, and public administrations navigate
 this crisis will digital and accelerate its transition towards a more sustainable economy.
 10. After having reviewed the origination and commercial performance of the year, let's
 Let's have a look at the detail evolution of our performing loan book by segment and
 products.
 Looking at the...
 data in Spain, which is on the left-hand side of the slide.
 You can see that we have managed to grow our loan book in our course segments, which are
 for mortgages, consumer loans, and SMEs and corporates.
 In addition, as the result of the action taken in our international businesses, XTSB, the
 The international loan book continues to reduce its size.
 as you can see on the right hand side of the slide.
 This is in line with our strategy of optimizing capital allocation and the leveraging on the
 overseas market.
 A substantial part of this year-on-year reduction is driven by our divestments in Andorra.
 I would like to spend a bit of time in slide 11.
 Sorry, it's a busy one, as it is useful to understand the rationale behind our transformation
 and commercial initiatives.
 In the chart to the left you can see the commercial performance of each product.
 On the X-axis, you can see that the percentual variation of business origination between
 in 2021 and 2019.
 illustrates how much of our origination is growing for each product when compared to pre-COVID levels.
 On the Y-axis, you can see the stock market share variation for each product in 2021.
 This is lose trades where our stock growth is beating the market or not.
 In the interest of time, I won't go through the details of each product, but let me share
 a brief summary of the graph, and certainly it is informing the way we look at business.
 As you can see, there are four quadrants in the chart.
 In the two upper quadrants, we are gaining market share, and
 that is where most of our products are.
 With the products on the top right quadrant,
 we are also increasing our origination volumes
 versus pre-COVID levels.
 so we will keep pushing there.
 With the products on the top left quadrant, we are increasing market share, but with
 with lower origination volume pre-crop COVID.
 And we are ready there to grow when the market recovers.
 The products on the bottom quadrants are losing market share.
 On the bottom right quadrant, we only have two products, cards and point of sale payments.
 We are growing volumes but losing market share.
 cards, we are assessing the situation and redefining our strategy while in point of
 sale payments, we have been managing for profitability and not for volumes, our profitability
 in this business is increasing despite the loss of market share.
 So there it is a very decided in advance strategy.
 Finally, it is worth noting that we don't have any products decreasing both origination
 volumes and market share in the bottom left quadrant.
 Slide 12.
 You can see the details of how we are implementing a key element of our transformation in retail
 Banking, which is the deployment of specialized relationship
 managers.
 As we have shared in the past, customers required specialized support and hand-holding to understand
 and contract three key products.
 mortgages investments and insurances
 We are transforming a significant amount of our retail banking commercial team from being
 being generalist, relationship managers to being specialists in a specific product.
 In the last quarter of 2021, we launched a pilot with around 440 specialized relationship
 managers.
 The results of these pilots have been very positive, as you can see in the slide.
 In insurance and investments, we are observing a higher productivity of these specialized
 RMs. In the case of mortgages, the sales process takes longer than in ensuring our investments
 around three months, so it isn't still early to observe
 productivity improvements in terms of more sales.
 However, all mortgage leads generated have now been managed in less than 24 hours.
 while in the past the percentage was significantly lower and even over a longer period of time.
 together with other conversion metrics allow us to be optimistic about market
 productivity improvements as well as the other products I've mentioned in the
 coming months.
 We are preparing the de-
 .
 Deployment at a higher scale of specialized relationship managers for
 industry products early in the second quarter of 2022.
 We will increase our specialized relationship managers from 440 people to 1,200 by developing
 our current generalist relationship managers and converting them into product specialists.
 This is a radical shift in the way we originate
 and manage our retail business.
 Slide 13. A brief recap on some recent ESG initiatives and financing activity.
 In the left hand side, you can see some relevant initiatives and milestones achieved in Q4
 and the fields of environmental, social, and governance.
 Regarding ESG finance in the year, our volume-sustainable new lending in Spain reached 3.6 billion
 euros, while the new lending of social financing reached 3.4 billion euros.
 These initiatives and figures are signs of our commitment to sustainability.
 In the next annual General Meeting of Banco Sabadell, we will be releasing Saturdays
 sustainability report where we will share detailed information on the topic.
 Looking at TSB, in slide 14, its new lending volumes have grown by 50% in 2021 when compared
 to 2020.
 This has been driven by a booming property market in the U.K. as well as by an attractive
 value proposition from TSB to its shareholders.
 As you are all aware, the mortgage market has been partially supported by the stamp
 duty waiver in the first quarters of the year.
 However, on the left-hand side, you can see that origination volumes at TSB were still
 high in the fourth quarter once the stamp duty waiver had been suspended.
 At the bottom of the slide, you can see that these origination volumes contribute to the
 evolution of the stock of performing loans, where the book grows by 11 percent driven
 by mortgage growth.
 This growth in origination and stock volumes is reflected in our market shares.
 TSB, in slide 15, delivered a remarkable performance across all P&L lines and achieved
 the net profit of 130 million pounds in 2021.
 On the right-hand side of the slide, NII and fees grew substantially, while costs showed
 a downward trend.
 regarding efficiency, the SB will advance in its restructuring plan, which will enable
 lead to achieve a cost base of less than 730 million pounds by 2023.
 DSB continues to look for efficiencies.
 In this regard, it has recently announced that it will close further 70 branches in
 in 2022.
 In addition, I would like to point out that TSB wrote back COVID provisions in the year,
 due to an improved macroeconomic outlook in the UK.
 In sum, TSB is focused on delivering
 on profitability and service quality.
 we see positive outlook for the future.
 the future.
 Slide 16, we see that group's recurrent core results grew by 12.6% in the year.
 In the chart, we have excluded the effect of non-recurrent costs in 2020 and 2021 in
 in order to show the positive evolution of only the groups
 recurrent business.
 Without excluding the one-offs, this evolution would have been better, but we thought that
 that this analysis would be misleading.
 The three comp...
 Components of recurrent cost results performed well in the year, as you can see on the left
 hand side.
 Moreover, looking at the right-hand side, the quarterly results had also positive momentum.
 They keep growing, quarter by quarter, as shown in the slide.
 17 and to finish with this part of my presentation I would like to summarize a good financial
 performance we have delivered in 2021, which Leo will explain later in more detail.
 Firstly, NII grew on a year-on-year basis.
 performed extremely well in the year while recurrent costs continue to follow a downward
 trend as a result of the restructuring plans undertaken in Spain and the UK.
 As we just discussed, the evolution of recurrent results was very positive.
 Furthermore, provisions in 2021 were substantially lower
 than the ones of 2020.
 Since then, we had the impact of the COVID pandemic.
 And these positive results bring us to an annual net profit of 530 million euros and
 a return on tangible equity of 5%.
 Regarding capital, we committed to maintain a ratio of above 12% with a solid MDA management
 buffer and we have accomplished that.
 We close the year with a 16 basis points increase in our court year one ratio, which
 which stood at 12.18.
 Furthermore, and this is relevant, this ratio has increased in a year in which our loan
 One book grew by almost 7%.
 And with this, I will hand over to Leo to cover our financial results in more detail.
 Thank you.
 and good morning everyone.
 Let's move on to the slide of financial results and first allow me to go through a quarterly
 PNL, where we have recorded a net profit of 161 million euros, a group level as you can
 see.
 obviously contributed positively to the 530 million euros of net profit for the year
 that this earth just presented.
 A quarter of the results were mainly impacted by three elements.
 On the one side we have the EDEC and deposit guarantee scheme, annual payments, which accounted
 to 149 million euros, and these, as you know, are usually accounted for in Q4 each year.
 Second, we have the capital gain on the disposal of a rent in businesses, which amounted as
 expected to 41 million euros in net terms. Remember this has no impact in taxes and a
 positive of 56 million euros in taxes as a result of fiscal asset reorganization.
 Additionally, and although we will later comment in more detail, we have recognized 19 million
 U.S.
 of extraordinary costs related to the closure of 70 branches.
 at TSB as Thessar mentioned before.
 Now, turning to the annual PNL, we see NII and FIS growing in the year, which allows
 to have a growth rate for 3% in core banking revenues at group level.
 regards to the cost line, recurring costs, excluding the restructuring charges in Spain
 in the U.K. have declined by 2.3 percent in the year.
 This reduction is driven by the savings from the efficiency plans launched back in 19 at
 at TSB and 2020 in Spain.
 But they do not reflect yet, as we will later see, the 130 million euro savings that we
 expect from our latest efficiency plan which was launched in three quarter last year 2021 and it's
 expected to be finished by Q122.
 All in all, excluding the restructuring charges for both 2020 and 2021 are core results.
 This is the addition of NII fees and costs increased by 12.6% in the year, underpinned
 by the solid NII and fee evolution,
 as well as the cost savings already achieved.
 Additionally, it is worth mentioning that total provisions went down by 46.2% in the
 year.
 This comparison of
 obviously, is affected by the extraordinary provisions made in 2020 related to COVID.
 Basically 650 million euros that we will dig a little bit deeper in this topic in the following slides
 If we start with NII in slide number 20, we can see that NII decreased by 1.6% on a quarterly basis.
 This was impacted by the Alcobone Disposal Scarred Out in Q3, as we anticipated and already
 share with you in that quote.
 The quote to the evolution has been
 .
 driven by different levers, which we can see in detail in the right-hand side of this light.
 from left to right, the Lombok contribution to NII for the quarter has been 3 million
 euros higher we have different impacts here front book yields have been
 pressured in the last quarter, specifically in the last month and in the corporate banking
 space.
 as credit was sought to meet net lending targets, which was more than upset by tailwinds from FX
 and by higher loan volumes, particularly at TSB.
 The low contribution of the alcohol bonds, together with excessive liquidity generated,
 have had a negative impact of 17 million euros
 in line with our expectations.
 However, we will have the option to offset part of this impact by reinvesting excessive
 liquidity in government bonds through 2022 marginally we had lower wholesale
 fundings cost and some cover bonds matured during the quarter, which has been upset by
 other moving parts on the NNI line.
 We confirm that we have met the ECB net lending target
 to benefit from the extra yield of the TL-03,
 which, as you know, was already accrued in NII.
 And finally, as you can see on the bottom left part of the slide, the customer spread
 remain broadly stable in the court.
 In the next slide we show the track record of NII every quarter, as well as obviously
 to the full year accumulated.
 We've seen a positive growing trend, Q&Q.
 building from bottom levels, seen in Q1, and this has allowed us to achieve a
 positive growth of 0.8% in the year.
 In line with our investor day's guidance of low single-digit growth for 2021.
 We've had an average quarterly NII of 856 million euros, which can be taken as a reference
 for 2022 and as you can see it's below Q4's numbers.
 Moving forward, if we look at the expected evolution for 2022, we identify the following
 as the main moving ports.
 On the one hand, we will have a lower contribution of the Alco portfolio bonds due to the disposal
 carried out in Q3, but we're also short of over 8 billion euro bonds, and therefore we
 We have the option to reinvest and hence should have set most of this impact.
 impact for 2022, only for the disposals made in Q3 was it's going to be minus 60 million
 euros.
 And as I said, we should be able to offset most of these impacts by the reinvestments
 of these ones.
 On the other hand, we have the end of TL-03 benefits, which should reduce NII by around
 75 million euros. And this, on the other hand, should be offset by the positive mortgage
 market in the UK.
 The market is supported by volume growth, as well as interest rate hikes, and should
 more than upset potential margin compressions and all you know the impact
 from TLTRO. It is also important to mention that we have not factored any rate change
 in 2022 in Spain, and we have only taken into account
 25 basic points in the Bank of England base rate.
 With all this in mind, we expect NII to remain flourish in 2022.
 all positive elements, especially TSB, contributing to naturalize the biggest negative impact,
 which will be TLTRO contribution.
 Turning on to fees, in slide 22, group fees increase in the quarter by 10%, mainly driven
 by the positive seasonality related to asset management and insurance businesses' success
 face.
 The higher sir
 .
 service income evolution is explained by the good performance of syndicated loans, also
 somewhat affected by seasonality and 3 million euros of non-recurrent fees in TSB related
 to current accounts.
 On the other hand, as a management and insurance fees recorded a very positive quarterly performance
 with an increase of 25 million euros, of which, as I mentioned before, 17 are related to
 to success fees.
 In any case, as mentioned, the quality of the evolutions is affected by positive c-scanality.
 But as we can see, when comparing Q421 with Q420, which had its own seasonal sexes fees,
 The figures are up 13.5%.
 Finally, when looking at the full year amounts,
 fees have grown north of 8% year-on-year.
 In the following slide, as we previously did with the NII, we showed the evolution of
 fees every quarter, as well as the accumulated figure for the year.
 We've recorded a positive growth trend in fees, as we saw the bottom levels in Q1.
 On the back of this evolution, fees have achieved a growth of 8.7 percent in the year, which
 a loss to perform our investor days guidance of mid-single-digit growth for 2021.
 As was the case with the quarterly NII, you can see that our average fees per quarter
 in 2021, which should be the reference for 2022,
 was 367 million euros.
 and is again below Q4 numbers.
 For next year, the continuation of the good performance in asset management and insurance
 fees as well as the positive trend in economic activity should be the main drivers supporting
 these line.
 respect a low single-digit growth. Now leaving the revenue line to one side and
 moving on to costs. In the following slide we can see the total record costs
 slightly increasing the quarter as we have not yet seen the savings for the
 second phase of the efficiency plan in Spain.
 And last, waters of the year always have or come along with some extraordinary volatility
 in expenses.
 In addition to this seasonal impact, this quarter, tarot costs also reflect 19 million
 euros of extraordinary expenses related to the closures of 70 branches at TSB that will
 to take place during 2022.
 on an annual basis and live in 2020 and 2021's extraordinary costs aside the restructuring
 charges, we can see that the underlying cost base is improving, since it's decreasing by
 by 2.3%.
 This is explained by the fact that savings from the execution of the first phase of the
 efficiency plan in Spain, as well as the restructuring plans at TSB have already yielded positive
 results as we have been seeing through the year.
 These results can also be seen in the evolution of the group costs as a percentage of business
 volume, where we have reduced the weight of costs on our activity by eight basic points
 in the year.
 went with the coastline, as we shared with you last quarter.
 We expect 85% of the €130 million in cost savings from the second phase of the efficiency
 plan in Spain to be already seen in 2022 and of course 100% of those savings to be seen
 in 2023 onwards.
 Taking these into account, we expect total costs to reduce around €110 million in 2022.
 In slide 25, we look at the recurrent core assaults, which include, as mentioned before,
 NII plus V is minus, there are current costs, this is all costs, but the restructuring charges
 of both 2020 and 2021.
 As you can see, this quarter, Group Recurrent Core results have increased by 3.6 percent,
 Meanwhile, on an annual basis, this number goes up to 12.6%.
 The different elements that lead to wider jaws in the quarter are included in the left
 hand side of the slide.
 AI and costs contributed negatively, but this was more than upset by the positive evolution
 of fees. In the case of NII, as we have seen, it shows a solid underlying evolution, despite
 the lower contribution of the elbow bones.
 But our current code screw is slightly as a consequence of the seasonal impacts that
 that we mentioned before.
 On the contrary, as we saw too,
 have had a very strong performance offset in both effects.
 For 2022, we expect this positive trend in George to continue, and this will be driven
 as mentioned before, by a flat-ish expected NII, by growth in fees, and more importantly,
 by a significant reduction in costs, the 110 million euros mentioned before.
 therefore providing a high single-digit growth in recurring core results.
 Now, leaving the jaws aside and moving on to cost of risk, the group's here to date
 credit cost of risk stood at 49 basic points.
 If you recall, this was 51 basic points as we close Q3 and 53 basic points in June.
 The group's total cost of risk, including all the provisions in the quarter, the before
 mentioned credit impermanence with the provisions of foreclosed assets, the MPA management costs,
 and other provisions for mainly legal and fiscal risks,
 reached 72 basic points, basically stable compared,
 if compared with Q3 numbers.
 Analyzing the Q4 in detail,
 we see credit provisions amounted to 195 million euros,
 which is a slight decrease of 1% in the quarter,
 where TSP released more provisions due to better macroeconomic UK
 or outlook in the UK, driven by lower unemployment rates
 and higher house pricing index.
 The release is similar to the one accounted in the second and third quarter of the year.
 Taking a view at the breakdown of total provisions at the top right hand side, we booked the
 The aforementioned 195 million euros of loan loss provisions.
 23 million euros for charges on foreclosed assets, whereas costs related to management
 of MPAs were booked at 44 million euros.
 And finally, 52 million euros were recognized for other provisions.
 And this number is impacted by 25 million euros in Extraordinaries.
 as a more cautious approach was accounted for
 contingent and litigation risks.
 and this should provide a lower pressure
 in these provisions for 2022.
 especially taking into account, and this is important in my opinion, that no new sources
 of litigation risks have risen in 2021.
 As you have seen throughout 2021, these three items,
 for closed assets, NPA management costs,
 And other provisions have remained reasonably stable in the quarter, or quarter on quarter,
 affected by extraordinary events that we have been sharing with you.
 These provision levels have allowed us to slightly beat our guidance and in the year
 with the cost, credit cost of risk and total cost of risk slightly lower than H1 levels.
 In order to see how 2022 could evolve, in terms of cost of risk, it is worth mentioning
 or reviewing first the part of the credit book that I enjoyed or is still enjoying,
 payment holidays, or eco-guarantees.
 Beginning with the loan portfolio benefited with payment holidays in Spain, basically retail.
 As of today, 100% of the total moratorium is granted has expired.
 Of the total 3.5 billion euros granted, 500 million euros have already been fully amortized,
 while the remaining $3 billion are all back-paying-down principle, as mentioned before.
 On the total payment holiday is granted, or off the total payment holiday is granted,
 12% are in stage 3.
 If within that Stage 3, loans classified as unlikely to pay account for the vast majority,
 almost or more, a little bit more than 80%.
 It is important to note that the percentage of loans in stage three have remained stable
 quarter on quarter, while the percentage of payment holidays expired have been growing
 towards the current 100% of the quarters.
 The starting point in Q1, 16% of stage three,
 was due basically to the fact that the first moratorium to expire
 were those based on consumer loans, which by definition imply a higher risk than the
 mortgage loans.
 Finally, as mentioned before, 14% of the total payment holiday is granted, have been already
 amortized, the before mentioned 500 million euros, and this portfolio is represented by
 a larger amount of consumer loans, where two-thirds of the total loans granted, consumer loans
 granted under this program have already been fully amortized.
 Moving on to the Eco-State Guaranteed Loans.
 This quarter, we have granted 260 million euros.
 So the total outstanding amount drawn to date is 8.6 billion euros,
 where state guarantees cover an average of 76%.
 Once the deadline for the request of potential extensions has come to an end, more than 60%
 of the eco exposures are already facing principal payments in 2021, whereas the best part of
 The remaining 40%, approximately 80%, will end their grace period and therefore start
 repaint principle in Q2 2022 as you can see in the graph at the bottom right hand side of a slide.
 From a risk-quality perspective, it is important to note that circa 5% of these eco-loans are already classified in stage 3 and
 And out of these 5%, 60% are unlikely to pay.
 And this is, they are not past due more than 90 days.
 Moving on to the next slide, for 2022 we expect some catalysts in cost of risk to provide
 a downward trend in provisions.
 First, let me briefly guide you through the evolution of cost of risk for this year as
 Is it shown on the graph on the left hand side of the slide?
 Both great cost of risk and total cost of risk ended the year converging to more normal
 figure. Looking at the breakdown of the loan book, allow me to highlight the main
 drivers that we expect will support a positive trend in credit cost of risk.
 To do this, we divide the book, as we have shared before, in three different sub-portfolios.
 The sub-portfolio...
 portfolio, or the portfolio which has not been affected by either moratoria or payment
 In holidays, the portfolio covered with eco guarantees and, lastly, the portfolio which
 to receive payments holidays.
 And first, let us share our views for the non-affected part of the book, which is by
 Bye-bye.
 the largest of the three.
 It represents 92% of the total.
 This is around 143 billion euros.
 The portfolio, this portfolio has had a very good performance in terms of quality in 2021.
 We have now
 seen anything extraordinary and as we have been sharing with you the net
 And inflows have remained at better than expected levels throughout 2021.
 We believe this tendency will continue in 2022 on the back of an even better 2020 on
 better than 2021's macroeconomic outlook.
 Secondly, we have the Eco Loan Portfolio, where we have not seen any material deterioration
 In fact, we have taken a conservative approach this quarter to advance some last recognitions
 for those cases where we have seen or anticipated any potential significant increase in risk.
 The evolution of this book will be linked to the development of the loans that will start
 to face principal payments from Q2 onwards, as explained before.
 In any case, I think it's very important to remember that these exposures are covered
 with a state guarantee by 76%.
 Therefore,
 Reducing any potential cost of risk efforts to just 24% of the total expose
 And thirdly, we have the payment holiday portfolio, where, as mentioned before, 100% of the payment
 holidays have already expired, where the level of MPLs have remained stables seen
 in June basically.
 This evolution, as well as the more constructive micro-economic environment, allows us to believe
 that this portfolio will not generate further MPLs, nor obviously cost of risk in 2022.
 Therefore, considering all these drivers, we believe that credit costs of risk for 2022
 should land between 2021 and 2019.
 In terms of the total cost of risk trend for 2022, let me review different dynamics across
 the different concepts.
 Keep it in mind, as we discussed earlier, that excluding extraordinary, this line should
 be reasonably stable.
 In foreclosed assets, we will not have the 40 million euros of extraordinary provisions
 related to branch brochures that were booked for in 2021.
 MPA management, I believe, cost should remain reasonably stable in 2022.
 And finally, in terms of other provisions, which are basically, as I mentioned before,
 litigation and fiscal risks.
 We believe that we'll perform significantly better than 2022,
 among other things, because we have front-loaded 25 million euros in 2021.
 And moreover, on top of this, as mentioned before, we see no new sources of risks in
 in 2021 and therefore this line should improve in 2022.
 In conclusion, these drivers should allow for the total cost of risk to improve further
 also in 2022 as always in the following section of the presentation we will
 review the asset quality dynamics, the liquidity, and the capital. Starting by asset quality,
 We show the evolution of our problematic acids.
 Let's start with MPLs in slide number 30.
 MPLs have had an increase in the year of 395 million euros, but this has been impacted
 by one of items that we will see in detail in a minute.
 And as a result, our MPL ratio also
 went up by six basic points, up to 3.65%,
 while the total coverage on MPLs remains stable at 56%.
 The outcome, as we have been sharing with you over a quarter, has been significantly
 better than what we had budgeted at the beginning of the year.
 as per the increase of the 395 million euros in MPLs,
 I think it's worth taking into account that most of the movement has been due to non-recurrent
 items. So on the one hand, you might remember, TSB in Q1 had an extraordinary increase of
 190 million euros, which was related to regulatory changes for the definition of default of their
 market portfolio. The evolution since then has been very stable. And additionally, we
 We have had 150 million euro of MPL portfolio report changes throughout the year.
 These reprochages are linked to the portfolios that were sold in 2019 and 2022.
 Therefore, we don't expect any further impacts going forward because all the portfolios have been cleaned, if you wish.
 In addition, our exposures across the stages have remained broadly stable Q&Q, as well
 at our Stage 3 coverage, which stands at 41.2%.
 And finally, I think it's worth remembering that half of our current MPLs are classified
 as unlikely to pay.
 Now, in terms of focus assist and top total MPAs in slide 31,
 you can see that the stock of foreclosed assets declined
 by 11 million euros in the year,
 representing less than 1.4 billion euros.
 coverage ratio for this portfolio.
 slightly increased up to 38%.
 Regarding total MPIs, the stock went up and amounts to 7.6 billion euros, which is explained
 by the previous mentioned increase in MPLs,
 while the coverage remained steady at 53%.
 Finally, the gross and net NPA ratios,
 standard 4.4 and 2.1% respectively.
 with a year-on-year and a quarter-on-quarter evolution
 that have remained broadly stable.
 We'll be now until liquidity.
 we see that the group once again entered the quarter
 and the year with the record liquidity position.
 This can be reflected in an LCR of 221% on 57 billion euros worth of high quality liquid
 assets are long to depot, end of the quarter at 96%.
 so it's pretty pretty solid numbers in my opinion
 We have, in terms of European Central Bank funding, currently have 32 billion euros of
 about sanding TL-03.
 and in terms of TFSME for the UK,
 we currently have 5.5 billion pounds outstanding,
 of which 2.5 were drawn in the quote.
 And, as per our capital position, we continue generated capital, even under a material loan
 book increase environment.
 Our CD1 fully loaded ratio stands at 12.18% at your end.
 Haven't increased by 16 basic points in the year, while our loan book has expanded over
 over 6 billion euros.
 Now, when we look at the quarter's evolution, we see an increase drive, basically, by organic
 capital generation, despite the contributions to EDEK and the deposit guarantee schemes in
 quarter and also accruing a 31.8% cash payout.
 positive movement, it's the strategic disposals that we have been sharing with you through
 year. Basically, Renting Business Anandora was contributed with 17 basic points, as expected.
 It also should be noted that this quarter we have front loaded a big part of the impact
 that we shared with you in previous quarters
 that we were expecting for the EBA guidelines.
 We were expecting 15 basic points for 2022, and we have front-loaded 10 of those 15 in
 in 2021, in this quote.
 Therefore, the only regulatory impact
 that we expect for 2022 is just a minor five basic points
 coming from these EBI guidelines.
 From a regulatory perspective,
 The CT1 ratio stood at 12.42% on a phase-in basis, and consequently, our MDA buffer not
 That stands at 391 basic points, having increased by 78 basic points in the year.
 buffer, as you might remember, is above our target of 350 basic points, and we see it
 increase in the future since what we've seen but we are forecasting for 2022 is an increase
 in CT1 fully loaded.
 To conclude this section, the following slide shows you our current emerald position and
 the requirements for 2024.
 as we are already compliant with all targets,
 the ones based on risk-worthy assets,
 the ones based on leverage ratio
 and also the subordinated ones.
 Our issuance plan will be, therefore, focused on optimizing the funding costs and the funding
 sources as well as keeping our capital buckets full and a number of management
 And with this, I hand it over to Thesar, who will conclude our presentation today.
 Thank you, Leo.
 To finish our results presentation today, I would like to recap on the targets achieved
 in 2021.
 I would like to signal that 2021 we have reached all targets set in our strategic plan on the
 The strength of core results and perspective for cost of risk, as per the guidance Leo
 just provided.
 We are bringing forward our 2022, the more than 6% return on tangible equity, target.
 Finally, the board has approved to propose at the next annual general meeting a cash
 dividend payment of 3 cents per share, which implies a slightly higher than 30% payout
 and a dividend yield of around five percent.
 And with this, I will hand over to Gerardo to kick off our Q&A.
 Thank you, Cesar.
 We will now begin the Q&A session.
 We would love to take questions from all of you.
 And there are already many of you in line.
 So I would kindly ask you to try to make a reduced number
 of questions, if possible, please.
 Operator, could you please open the line for the next question?
 Thank you for your first question, a couple of lines of Alvaro Serrano from Morgan Stanley,
 Please ask your question.
 Hi, good morning, Cicero and Lill.
 My question is really about NII, I mean, in slide 21, I think, Leo, you mentioned the
 the 856 quarterly average is the reference for 2022 and there's three.
 three headwinds, should we interpret the plan as a good sort of level of guidance and
 or am I misinterpreting it?
 And related to that, can you maybe discuss
 what your loan growth sort of assumptions are,
 how you see loan growth panning out in particular in Spain.
 And in the UK, the margin was down in Q4.
 And obviously the race sense is very, it's rates are going to go up and potentially three
 four times this year, can you, can you maybe walk us through the race entity which we know
 But how much of that, in particular, could be competed away?
 What do you think could be completed away?
 OK, let me give it the first shot and then I'll let Leo.
 When we look forward, we just think that the NII should be
 flat-ish because although the Alco portfolio disposal of this year will be partially mitigated
 by reinvestment in government bonds, and there the higher yield curve will help, and also
 So it will be helped by whole-sale funding cost, the net effect should be negative.
 So the TLTRO, that ends in June 22, there we think that it will be more than offset
 and this links to your second question, more than offset by TSB, because TSB, although
 So margins are going to have some pressure will benefit from two significant factors
 which are higher volumes and higher interest rates by the Bank of England and our Bank
 of England rates in our numbers are relatively conservative and we might see some further
 but they win.
 in spain
 As you have seen, we are gaining market share across all products, basically.
 And therefore, we consider that the volumes will continue to be healthy and will be offset
 somewhat by marching compression so overall our guidance and you were
 right in reading Leo's message, our guidance is more or less flat-ish. I think I have kind
 have answered the volume's response.
 We spend, we expect the volumes in Spain,
 low-single-digit growth across the different segments,
 Continuing, hopefully, to gain market share in all products.
 that's mortgages, consumer loans,
 SMEs and corporates, as we did in 21.
 The tailwind of the next generation EU fund will come more in the second part of the year,
 the 40 billion that we were mentioning before.
 And in the UK, we are foreseeing a mid-single-digit growth
 in volumes.
 I don't know if you want to add.
 I think you answered most of it.
 Let me just put some numbers, if you wish, onto that, no?
 so that we are as clear as we can.
 So basically, for the alcohol book,
 as we mentioned in third quarter, and I can refresh now,
 We, I mean, if we compare our current outstanding balances
 and the yield that we had in 2021 versus the one
 that we would have with those outstanding balances in 2022.
 We would have a negative impact of minus 60 million euros of contribution, but we are
 short of 8 billion euros a month, and we expect to take advantage of the rate movements for
 long-term rate movements, so we expect that we will reinvest all or a big part of that
 portfolio through the year.
 So we should compensate most of that impact, not total, because, you know, it will take
 time until we rebuild those portfolios with good rates, but most of that should be compensated.
 Remember that in this current context, it's not only the yield that you get out of the
 bonds, but also the reduction of the excess of liquidity, which is very important.
 The second impact is still to your own, minus 75 million euros, sorry, for next year.
 We believe, as I explained, that this wheel should be more than upset by the TSP evolution.
 We need to remember that we are counting on volumes next year, but it's not only volumes of 2022.
 We have to remember that TSB grew well over 11% this year and what we have from 1st January
 It's the total volumes that we ended with with we ended which in Q4, so it's it's significantly higher than Q1 21
 So these ads also a lot of money for or a lot of NII for 2022 and on top of that
 we're expecting to increase volumes in TSB in 22. Now in terms of rates, I think
 we've been reasonably conservative, if you wish, no.
 So for Spain, we have not considered any rate movement.
 I know there are a number of brokers
 that are coming now with more optimistic views
 in the last few weeks, but we have considered zero.
 And in terms of TSB, we've only considered 25 basic points,
 Well, the market now, it's probably facing more to 100 this year now.
 So, I think, if anything, that should help.
 In any case, I'm talking about the NIS sensitivity
 that you mentioned, Albalo.
 We need to remember that basically higher interest rates
 take some time to flow into an AI, you know?
 because it takes time to reprise all the asset side.
 So I think in terms of sensitivity,
 We have a little bit more sensitivity in TSP than in Spain.
 but in a different context, if you allow me to explain it this way.
 While in Spain, or continental Europe,
 and Uriber is still at minus 50, so deep negative.
 We don't expect that any rate movement, whenever that comes,
 will have an impact on the liability sides, no?
 Because, as I said, the rates are still very negative, no?
 So I think any movement in rates, whenever it comes,
 should be more or less fully trespassed to NII.
 in TSB is a little bit different because the rate is already positive and it's at 25 basic
 points.
 So when looking at the NII sensitivity, we have to take an assumption regarding how much
 of that interest rate hike would be passed through to depositants, no?
 But in general terms, the sensitivity to NII for the group and for TSB should be around
 2% to 3% of NII for every 10 basic points movement.
 But please remember that the impact of these NII movements
 as we have shared before,
 is much more concentrated on the second year
 than in the first year because, as I mentioned before,
 it takes time to reprise the acid site.
 Thank you.
 Please, could we move to the next question?
 Next question, couple of the line of mock mission from GB Capital, please ask your question.
 Hi, good morning. Thank you for the presentation and taking the questions. I have two if I make the first one is on taxes
 I would appreciate if you could take us through the fiscal adjustments you included in the
 water, and the second one is unprofitability. You brought forward about 6% return on taxable
 Black with the target to 2022.
 I was wondering if you include any provision reversal that he had been the guidance, and
 Also, now that things are going in line, or even better than expected, why don't you
 want to be more bullish on the 2023 target. Thank you.
 I'll leave the taxes to Yuleo and give a very, very high level on the profitability.
 of the profitability to your specific question
 if there's something about the reversion in DSB.
 We have there still 30 million of potential reversion, but that's not the material in
 our consideration of the profitability. The profitability of the 6% is coming basically
 from Flattish and AI, low single-digit fees, contribution of 110 million of the saving
 cost and a significant reduction in risk cost.
 That's the main origin of the profitability looking forward and our confidence in the
 the more than 6% for 2022.
 But I leave Leo on the taxes.
 Sorry, for more than 6% on 2022.
 we are not giving any guidance for 2023
 because we think that it's a little bit too early.
 This is just eight months old and we don't think we should change the plan at this point
 in time, but certainly we are more optimistic about beating the plan as we stand at beating
 the plan of 2023 as we stand today, as it's quite obvious from the numbers we have shown
 today.
 And with the car to the taxes, basically in Q4 we closed some subsidiaries, we've come
 from around 10 years ago, some real estate subsidiaries that allowed us to
 to contribute or consolidate 56 million euros.
 I'm sorry, I'm in euros of fiscal assets, no?
 So basically this has an impact, a positive impact in piano, which is the one that you
 but has no impact in capital, because basically there are tax losses coming forward, so basically
 they are deducted from CET-1. This is a one-off impact that was due to arriving in this court.
 Thanks a lot for the questions, Max.
 Oh, sorry, yeah, one more thing.
 Remember that also in this quarter. We have the profit coming from the renting disposal, which is tax-free, okay?
 It does not contribute to the income tax.
 Thanks a lot for the questions.
 Let's move on to the next caller, please.
 Next one from the line of international art GUI from BNP Parba, please ask her question.
 I just have two questions, one on fees, and I mean, you have just sort of like on through
 the NLI.
 I was wondering a beat on the...
 low single digit growth in fees, but on the main cladders behind, and then a very quick
 one on the strong copper-lending growth of action in the fourth quarter, how should we
 We see that, sort of like, impacting an AI in 2022, particularly in the first quarter
 I mean, I assume that a lot of the learning growth, syndicated learning growth activity
 has been back and loaded in the quarters.
 So if you just could elaborate a bit on the dynamics of that portfolio in margins.
 Thank you.
 Shall I take them if you wish?
 So first on fees, we had a very good year for 2021, no, it was better than what we expected,
 guided for mid-single-digit growth. We almost did 9 percent and I think we're very happy
 about the evolution, no?
 We are still seeing good momentum in 2022.
 uh... there's a number of things that should help us increase
 our fees in 2022 but we see a little bit less of an evolution than the one that we had in
 in 2021 because it was very big.
 So basically, that's why we're guiding for a low single-digit growth.
 We're fairly confident that we can achieve it.
 This is based on basically the very positive commercial momentum
 in terms of AUM's.
 very happy with the evolution of the U.M.s. I mean, when I look back now, basically we
 We are only 10 percent behind what we were making in terms of fees and commissions in
 AUMs before we salt the asset manager last year.
 So basically, we are about to complete a one-year payback, which is, in my opinion, quite impressive.
 And this is because, yeah, the kind of products that we are putting or that we're showing
 our customers was much better than what we could do on a standalone basis before and
 And therefore, we are getting quite a lot of momentum on this regard, and we expect certainly
 these...
 to continue in 2022, no?
 We're also thinking that we can make some increases
 in terms of insurance, basically, if only based on the evolution of our mortgage volumes
 and the insurance related to them.
 So we are positive in that regard.
 And then activity, you know, we believe that the activity will have to recover more in
 2022 on the basis of the macro context now so we're fairly optimistic in fees in 22 that
 we don't think we will be able to achieve the numbers that we're achieving in 21
 because they were basically better than what we were, that we were thinking, you know.
 So positive, but low single leads.
 And in, with regards to your second question, we saw in the quarter some pressure on the
 margins of especially corporate banking you know banks were wanted to make
 certain that they were going to achieve the net landing target and therefore, especially
 In December, we saw a little bit of a drop in prices, but I think it was a very seasonal
 impact in my opinion. I was driven by this issue that I mentioned before and in terms
 the volumes for next year, as Tessar was mentioning, we believe that we should keep on growing
 on this, on this segment, no?
 I mean, on the azimuthacmic, no?
 next year or sorry this year in 22 we have the we we should start seeing the impact of the next
 next generation fund, but I think this is going to be, in my opinion, back-loaded to
 in the second half of the year.
 But despite that, I think the recovery of the economy
 should improve the numbers here.
 not something spectacular, sorry.
 As I mentioned before, we've seen low single-digit growth in volumes for Spain in 2022.
 Thank you.
 move please to the next question next one just of the line of Marta Sanchez Romero
 from Bank of America, PCS, your question.
 Hello, good morning. My first question is on the outcome portfolio. Can you please elaborate a bit more on
 on the volumes you could be adding and what are you buying because you can get a bit of
 yield now, but you're incurring in a lot of duration risk, particularly if the reflation
 You're welcome.
 I don't know if it's a very consistent strategy.
 The second question is on asset quality.
 Can you please provide a bit more color on those repurchases of MPL portfolios?
 What is this and could we see more?
 And then more generally, what is your outlook for MPL entries in 2022?
 seen that MPLs are up. You are a bit of an outlier here. Banks that have reported so
 So far I have shown very, very sound MPL trends and also on coverage, your stage three long
 college has dropped to 41% seems low, particularly when they say it's 63% going up.
 Thank you.
 Sure.
 Sure, on volumes, as I mentioned before, we are now short of 8 billion euros of bonds
 if we compare it to September 2020, which is when we started selling bonds in order to
 fund the Restructuring Plans. As I mentioned, there is a chance that we reinvest those
 bonds. I do not fully agree with your view on this regard. I think obviously if we buy
 bonds is going to be in the health to collect portfolio, so it shall have no impact in capital
 in any case going forward.
 And I think we need to remember that it's not only the yields that we're getting out
 of the of the bonds that we buy but the excess liquidity which is costing us 50
 basic points at the current day as I said with this with the construction of
 this portfolio in 2022, we're probably not going to be able to fully offset the impact
 of the minus sixty million euros that I mentioned before because it would take time to build
 this portfolio and we're going to be opportunistic with the yields, but I think it should help
 to have said most of it.
 with the gods to us equality.
 And basically what we had in the year was a flowback of 150 million euros in MPLs.
 I think it's worth seeing the context of this, no?
 this is a hundred and fifty million euros on the back of
 over 10 billion euros of transactions
 of the disposals of this portfolio.
 So barely, I don't know, 1.6% of the total, no?
 And the reasons for these are basically two on the one hand
 in MPLs is the difference between the sign-in and the due dealings and the closing, which
 is basically that the purchase identified as it's not eligible, loans related to social
 housing, loans that have been repossessed during that period, et cetera, et cetera.
 this is absolutely normal I've seen it in in my previous job I've seen it
 everywhere.
 And I think it's
 The numbers, in my opinion, are not very, very relevant.
 And then there's also another impact in the case of foreclosed assets, and this is due
 to the later creative mobilario.
 And this was implemented.
 Any repossessed assets sold that did not meet the new ley de crédito inmobiliario would
 have to be reverted to the bank, and these REOs are coming back to the bank in the forms
 of MPLs. In any case, we do not see any impact going forward because the portfolios that were
 were shot in 2019 and 2020 are really clean, no?
 So this was more of an historical issue
 that was pending to finish, if you wish, now.
 and not anything that we still have going forward, no?
 So this is 150 million of the movement of MPLs.
 The MPLs moved 395 million euros in the year.
 and we also have another specific impact
 which accounted to 190 million euros in Q1
 that was derived from a TSB as explained before, no?
 So all in all, we're saying that 350 of 395 million euro growth in MPLs in the year are
 are basically explained by these two factors, you know?
 In my opinion, an evolution of 40, 50 million euros in 2021 of increase of MPLs.
 So we're very happy with it.
 I think it's
 much, much better than what we ever could imagine,
 No, in 2021, no?
 So for next year, what's the outlook, no?
 As I tried to explain before, dividing the three different buckets of the portfolio that
 that we have, no?
 on the vast majority of the portfolio,
 over 90 percent of the portfolio,
 which is not affected by neither moratorias nor icos.
 is very good, has been very good in 21 and I don't see a reason to believe that the trend
 should not be at least the same or even better in 2022, no, because the macro is holding up
 very well.
 real estate prices are going up, unemployment rate is going very well, and GDP should grow
 from five to six percent next year.
 on the second book, Moratorias.
 I think that's done.
 as I mentioned before, no, everything is already paying.
 500 million out of the 3.5
 have already been amortized so we don't expect neither new MPLs nor basically any kind of
 cost of risk for 2022.
 And on the ECO book, well, we anticipated and front-loaded a little bit of MPL's this
 quarter out of that book as I said we have around five percent of the book
 classified as a stage 3 and out of that 60% is unlikely to pay therefore it has
 has not passed you over 90 days.
 We will see and we need to wait a little bit
 on how this evolves, I think the trigger here for us and I believe the sector will be second
 Thank you next year, because 80 percent of the remaining exposure that is not paying
 principle today will start in second queue. But in any case, the impact of this in cost
 of risk, I think, well, it's certainly reduced, given the fact that 76% of this book is covered
 by State Guarantees.
 Therefore, we only have to provide for the remaining 24%
 in terms of cost of risk, you know?
 So for the overall movement in MPLs,
 I'm not certain whether we have seen the peak at the end of 2021, but I believe that it
 we have not seen that peak, the movement in 2022 should not be relevant, in my opinion.
 Thanks a lot. Let's move on to the next question, please.
 Next, I want to come to the line of Benjy Creelan from Jefferies. Please ask your question.
 Yes, good morning everyone, it's Benjy here at Geoffrey's.
 Just a question on the cost items, please.
 Perhaps if you could just split out a little bit more detail the moving parts between the
 in the underlying inflation, wage drift, et cetera, and perhaps more specifically just
 in terms of the outlook for wage growth going forward.
 Is there any terms or deadlines that we should be aware of, just post the recent headcount
 and agreements with unions that might impact upon wage growth and the potential impact
 them in place and go forward.
 Thank you.
 Sure, so basically as it's made before we are expecting 85% of the expected savings out of our
 our second efficient plan, which we are now basically executing, to be reflected in our
 numbers in 22 already.
 We are out of – at the end of January, basically, around 50 percent of the fishing
 plan will have already been executed. So that's why we are confident that we will and the
 The remaining 50% would be executed in February and March.
 So that's why we're very confident
 that we will achieve this at least is 85%.
 On the, so that's, in our case, we're very confident
 that we can meet those targets, no?
 as per the inflation.
 Yes, there is inflation in costs, but it's basically linked to electricity, or the biggest
 part of that.
 to electricity. So while inflation is over 6% in Spain, if we go to the pot that should be or
 could impact our costs, it's probably more linked to the service inflation and that's
 more around 2 percent. In any case, we're fighting to try to reduce that in this year.
 And we have some cost efficiency initiatives in order to offset that, efficiencies in
 in the field of, I don't know, the amount we are,
 We are spending on consultancy, the amount that we are spending in physical mailing driven
 by the fact that our clients want to relate with us through digital and not physical and
 that well it seems it seems silly but there's a lot of money in that physical
 mailing so I think we can save there some money and then as per your last
 question which was wage inflation for this year we are accounted to or we are subject
 to the labor unions agreement, and that includes 1% of increase for 2022, which is obviously
 considered in our numbers.
 and 4% for the UK.
 Correct, and 4% will be okay.
 Yeah, sorry, that was his pain.
 Thank you.
 Let's please move on to the next question.
 Next one, I'll cancel the line-off.
 Fernando Gil from Barclays, please answer question.
 Good morning.
 Thank you for the presentations on the questions.
 A question on capital of dividends, you have declared intention to pay 3 cents cash dividend.
 I was wondering if there is any change for the payout policy during 2022 given the guide
 that you have provided on crap that can be better.
 And the second question is on TSB and the strategy of the asset in the group.
 We still don't know about a potential client that may be coming.
 And do you have any inputs that you can share with us on that?
 And yeah, that would be it.
 Thank you.
 okay so on on dividends there is no guidance and there's no decision from
 the board for future, besides what has been communicated today around the distribution
 over the 2021 results.
 The logic and the mood would be that logically, as results continue to improve, payout should
 would also naturally increase, but there's no more than we can say at this time, because
 Because there is no formal decision from the board.
 In terms of the TSB fine, it's still early, although we think that the movements will
 happen probably this year.
 I think there are two factors here.
 One is the fine, which is uncertain.
 And the other one is the recovery from the insurance, which is also uncertain.
 The way we see it is that we expect that there will be no material impact from that because
 they will tend to compensate each other.
 Again, the only thing that we do is we expect a timing difference between the potential
 which should come earlier than the recovery from the insurance on the matter that we are discussing.
 Thank you.
 Thanks a lot.
 Please move on to the next question.
 Next question from the line of Francisco Rickle from Alantra, B. Sasser question.
 Yes, morning. Thank you for the presentation and the detailed guidance.
 So, I wanted to ask about TSP, so you have reached 7.7% RODE at TSP in 21, and obviously
 but this is with the help of writebacks.
 So if you can comment on how do you see ROTE for TSB going forward on the one hand, the
 You mentioned that there is a still room for additional
 writebacks in 22.
 You were guiding also for a 20-bip cost of risk normalised, but for a more gauge monoliner
 bank, maybe conservative, the cost base, I understood you were also mentioning that
 But if you could beat the 730 million euros guidance for the cost base, so you have some
 One also in thinking, positive.
 So if you can, can, can please comment on the overall sustainability of this profitability
 for Tiesmar Tanden, also strategic on Tiesby, any update on your views on this asset.
 Thank you.
 Shall I take the profitability one?
 So basically for TSB we are also positive if you wish, it's true that we have been able
 to reach this 7.7% R2E, sorry, return tangible equity in 21, which is well ahead of our initial
 guidance, which was north of 6% for 2023. So things are improving. Things have improved
 more than we thought. I think with regard to the management of the bank, things are
 going very well and also the macro is improving much faster and it has helped
 a lot.
 No, for example, in terms
 of the volumes that have been done both for the market and both for TSB in 2021, which
 which was not in our expectation.
 In any case, moving forward and looking at 2022,
 As I said, we are positive.
 we think NII should expand because of the reasons I mentioned before.
 So basically volumes, we're going to grow volumes in 22,
 but also we are starting the year with the volumes of Q4,
 which were significantly higher than in Q1.
 So this is going to have to be, it's going to be, it's going to be very, should be fairly
 positive for 2022, despite the fact that we are not considering all the full rate increases
 that the market is now taking into account just 25 basic points out of the 100, so pretty
 confident on an AI.
 Fees.
 We had a very good year in 2022.
 Sorry, in 2021.
 So we are aiming for perhaps a flat-ish number in 2022,
 something reasonably stable.
 Costs are going to go down in 22 because of the execution of the restructuring plan in
 21, so year and year, they're going to go down, no?
 and then cause a brisk
 we had no cost of risk in twenty one because of the right box
 We believe that cost of risk going forward on a normalized basis should be fairly low,
 the 20 basic points that you mentioned.
 Basically, this is a mortgage monoliner, as you very well know, the mortgage market
 in the U.K. is very different to one in Spain.
 We're talking about mortgages that have less than two-year duration because of how the
 market evolves there. So, basically, historically, mortgages in the UK have had very, very, very
 very little basic points. In terms of cost of risk, I would say less than mid-single
 did.
 and we're expecting, we're forecasting 20, you know,
 because we have a little bit of consumer finance.
 And on top of that, there is a chance that, you know,
 There's still some provisions that were booked in 2020.
 and that if the macro has a good evolution,
 could be released.
 And even without that, we are confident that return on tangible equity in 2022 should improve.
 And spare study, if that's it?
 Yeah.
 of, I mean, TSB is generating capital to fund its own growth.
 We are very satisfied with the way management and the market and the evolution of the numbers
 and the strategy is going forward.
 And sorry for being boring, but there are no plans to engage in corporate activity.
 So no change.
 Thank you.
 Let's please move on to the next question.
 Next question from the line of Mario Roperro from Best Invert Security, please ask your question.
 Hi, good morning everybody.
 My first question is customer spread.
 We have been hitting in general in the industry that customer spreads should tend to be stable,
 But actually, we're still seeing pressure, so I would like to hear your comments going
 forward into 2022, and perhaps a little bit of thoughts about different segments.
 And then the second question, which has a detailed one, if you could provide the percentage
 of echolons that are under stage two.
 Thank you
 Okay, I think we have been all along saying that the customer spreads are under some pressure,
 both in Spain and the UK, across the different segments, both retail and commercial.
 The question is, and I think in the guidance that, I mean, the forward-looking that we're
 we are saying that this would be compensated by volume growth.
 So, it's not dramatic, but we see some minor reduction in customer spreads that should
 be offset or more than offset by volume growth.
 And in terms of capital, this is also managed because we are being more efficient in the
 way we deploy it. So overall it's a positive outcome.
 And as per the eco loans, we have around 18% of the portfolio classified as stage 2 at the end of the year.
 Well, thanks a lot. We're starting to run short of time, so we'll give access to one
 more call and we'll see if we can fit yet another one behind that let's please give
 access to the next call.
 Next question from the line of Rita Smith from Autonomous Research, please ask her question.
 Yeah, hi there. Good morning. I've got two quick ones. Can you tell us what the macro provisions are that are left in Spain and
 and what the expected cost of risk on the NPR inflow is that at the moment.
 And then secondly, are calendar provisions included in your cost of risk outlook,
 Or do you expect this to potentially impact the Shrap or not have any impact whatsoever?
 Thank you.
 Sure so in terms of macro we we or if we consider macro what we
 provisioned in 2020 as per COVID, that was 650 million euros. We are not considering
 any release of these provisions in 2022.
 This is important to mention, okay?
 So our view of the evolution of cost of risk in 2022 is,
 if you wish, the recurrent evolution of cost of risk,
 So we're not foreseeing any kind of writebacks of these provisions in 2022.
 And as per the calendar provisions, we are including those in the cost of risk, so we
 We do not expect any kind of impact in capital and, of course, nor in this realm.
 Thanks a lot that was quick. So we'll try to squeeze one last question, please
 Next one, come on the line of Carlos Cobo from Society Generally, peace has your question.
 Hello.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for your presentation and I'll see you in a week.
 It's just about if you could explain a little bit how much of your loan portfolio is now
 at fixed rates, and how are you thinking about that if you are starting to swap that to hedge
 the interest rate risk, and at the same time,
 on pricing, have you already started to increase the front book prices of fixed-read mortgages?
 inflation is in some pressure there. If you are accommodating that risk in the front
 book as well.
 How are you thinking about that pricing policy, if you still want to promote straight mortgage
 is as the way to go forward.
 So you're going to change that in the new environment.
 Thank you.
 Around 80 percent of the new mortgages lending in Q4 have been fixed, but the majority of
 the portfolio, if you look at the portfolio as a whole, is variable.
 We are tending, yes, to produce a more balanced, the market is more or less at 50-50 fixed
 and variable, and we will progressively tend to reduce our production of fixed mortgage
 lending and balancing it with more production of variable.
 Also, not also from a book perspective, but also from a customer demand perspective with
 that's a trend to a more balanced composition.
 And it's per the hedging that you mentioned, Carlos.
 Basically, we hatched the book through our alcove committee,
 So basically, we hedge it through the hedge of our bonds, portfolios, and the hedge of
 our...
 funding so of course we take into account the evolution of the book and the evolution
 of the whether the book is more fixed or more floating and taking that into account we hatched
 the balance sheet. In any case, we are now more hedged to increasing rates, among other
 things, for example, because of fact, because we sold bond portfolios. So, because we're
 shorter portfolios now, we're more hedged to increase of rates. If we were to buy some
 of those or rebuild part of those portfolios that I mentioned before, we would of course
 applies and hedging or leave the hedging where it is right now
 through hedges on either those bonds
 or the wholesale funding that we produce.
 Thanks a lot.
 We now wrap up.
 Thank you.
 Next session.
 for your questions as always the full IR team is available for any further
 question that you could have.
 Thanks again.
 Thank you all for joining us today.
 Have a good day.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.