 Thanks really good afternoon and thanks for joining us on our call today.
 I'll provide some highlights in the quarter
 and then briefly discuss the performance
 of our two operating segments,
 clear liners and scanners.
 John will provide more detail on our financial results and discuss our outlook for the third
 quarter.
 Following that I'll come back and summarize a few key points and open up the call to questions.
 Our second quarter results were better than expected across all key financial metrics including
 Revenue, Volume, Margin, and EPS.
 22 revenues increase 32.3% year-over-year, driven by strong and viz-line case shipments
 across all channels and especially in the team segment.
 A solid execution of our strategy and key investments continue to deliver strong growth
 across the board, with record and bit line volume in almost every geography. Q2 also
 had an all-time high of nearly 5,000 newly trained doctors in a quarter for the first
 time ever.
 And our tariff scanner business also performs well this quarter with revenues up 36.7 percent
 year over year.
 2-2 North American Viseline Case Volume was up 10.3% sequentially and 27.6% year-over-year,
 year-over-year growth from both orthodontist and GP dentist channels.
 continued uptake with teens, children,
 line growth in North America and continue to do another record quarter for
 ortho volumes, up 34.5% year over year, and in utilization up to 13.6 cases per doctor.
 The 22 volume for North America GP dentists increased 18.9 percent year over year, primarily
 reflecting continued expansion of our GP customer base and utilization growth, which
 increased to a record 3.3 cases per doctor.
 Q2 was the first quarter we offered Invisalign Light in North America, and we saw solid uptake,
 especially among GP dentists.
 Invisalign light includes up to 14 stages of aligners,
 and intended to treat simple to moderate cases.
 Q2 Invisalign Volume for International Doctors was up 13.6% sequentially and 37.4% year-over-year
 driven primarily by new customers in both AMEA and APAC regions.
 And in May, our Q2 volumes were up 33.2% year over year.
 All five of our core European markets
 showed record growth rates led by Spain and the UK.
 Expansion markets also had record volume with over 50% year-over-year growth led by Central
 in Eastern Europe, and the Benelux.
 In Asia Pacific, your two volumes were up 44.4%.
 You're over a year led by China,
 where we trained over a thousand doctors
 for the first time.
 followed by growth from Southeast Asia, Japan,
 and A and Z.
 Turning to the teen market, over 55,000 teenagers started treatment with Invisalign Clear Liners in Q2.
 up 12.6% sequentially and 37.6% year over year, reflecting continued acceleration above
 above adult case volume growth.
 North America ortho teen cases increased 11.6% sequentially in 42.1% year-over-year compared
 to adult cases of 9.8% and 30.5%.
 the third consecutive quarter team growth rate
 It has been above adults.
 International case shipments to teen patients
 increased both 13.7% sequentially and 40.5% year-over-year as well.
 In Q2, we expanded commercialization of Invisalign treatment with mandibular advancement to select countries in AMAE and APAC.
 Math, as we call it, is the first clear aligner solution for class two correction that advances
 is demandable while moving teeth at the same time.
 While it's still very early in the adoption cycle to date,
 We're pleased with the initial update,
 and expect to see continued ramp up
 over the course of the year.
 Invisalign treatment with vandibular advancement is not available in the U.S. yet where it's
 pending
 FDA approval.
 The Invisalign brand and our consumer marketing campaign
 programs continue to be key factors in raising awareness
 and creating demand for Invisalign treatment.
 In Q2, we continue to benefit from our investments in new programs as well as optimizing online
 and spending in media mix for existing programs.
 In the U.S., we launched our new team focus marketing campaign
 in May, that aims to educate teens and their parents,
 Moms especially, about the benefits of teeth straightening
 with invisible and clear liners.
 It also works to ensure that teens know
 and this line treatment is the best option
 for their lifestyle.
 The new program contributed significant growth
 and consumer demand during the quarter
 that help drive in this 19 volume.
 Our team campaign expanded and disliked
 We made the move campaign that we introduced in March, and we continue to see positive
 impact from the overarching campaign on consumer interest as well.
 Specifically in Q2, we saw 23% year-over-year increase
 and unique visitors to our website, and she's significant growth year-over-year in Dr.
 L-
 locator searches.
 We also saw a continued uptick in adult male patients as compared to females as a result
 of our changing consumer-targeting approach.
 In EMEA, early results show the Invisalign Made-to-Move campaign is resulting in higher
 engagement with consumers across digital display, PPC, and social channels.
 During the quarter, we piloted new social media formats
 that delivered exceptional results, Pinterest, Facebook,
 Canvas and Instagram, all outperforming benchmarks.
 Social media remains a key driver, delivering 200% more users.
 although we also saw a significant increase
 and the number of smile assessments, completions, plus 22%.
 total leads plus 30 percent and we'll continue to roll out the made-to-move
 campaign across the remaining countries in EMEA in Q3.
 in the Agent Pacific region,
 our Q2 customer marketing campaign.
 focus primarily on Australia and New Zealand, where we saw momentum from our summer campaign
 featuring Invisalign Ambassador John Dunnus, a well-known TV host and personality in Australia.
 The campaign chair's Jason's personal journey of how
 Invisalign treatment helped transform his smile and his career, along with a call to action
 for consumers.
 to focus on their New Year's resolution
 to improve their lives by getting a smile they've always wanted.
 We also continue driving in VisLine website Dr. Locator
 by reaching out to potential patients
 and we're engaged with our ads and banners in Q1.
 And in India, we're just getting started.
 we participated in Beach Fashion Week,
 where the Invisalign brand was a beautiful smile partner.
 In Q2, our scanner revenues increased 36.7% year-over-year,
 and 26.9% sequentially.
 And may we announce the new ITERO element 1.5 software
 which includes two key features.
 Timelapse in one minute scan.
 Timelapse compares the patient's prior 3D scans to their most current scan and gives
 doctors and enhanced visualization assessment and communications tool that can help them
 provide additional treatment recommendations.
 One-minute scans enable practitioners
 So you complete a full arc scan in less than a minute.
 with the same accuracy and reliability practitioners
 have come to expect from ITERO scanners.
 Use of our ITERO scan is for Invisalign Case Submissions
 in place of PVS Impressions continues to expand,
 remains a positive catalyst for Invisalign Utilization,
 In Q2, total of this line cases submitted with a digital scanner in North America increased
 to a record 59%, up from 47% in Q2 of last year.
 In the Doctor Directed At Home channel, Q2 was our second full-quarter supply and clear
 liners to Smile Direct Club or FDC. Two-two shipments to this new channel were strong
 and nearly tripled sequentially off the small base.
 that they're exclusive third-party supplier.
 We produce roughly one-third of smile-dreck-lubs,
 clear liner volume, and they manufacture the remaining amount.
 And Q2, SDC, continued to invest significantly
 consumer marketing, including TV advertising, print, online media, including social media,
 which we believe has a positive effect on both FDC and Invisalign Demand.
 They also opened several new smile shops in the U.S. which are continuing to ramp.
 Overall, we're excited about the long-term potential for the at-home doctor directed
 market remain pleased with our investment and supply agreement.
 Today, we also announced that we've purchased
 an additional 2% of Smiled Direct Club for $12.8 million,
 which brings our total ownership of 19%.
 of extended SEC's line of credit from $15 million to $30 million.
 Finally, before I turn the call over to John,
 and I want to provide a brief update
 on our operational expansion plans.
 In June, we opened a new treatment planning
 facility in Chengdu, China, which services and supports our customers within China.
 It also serves as a clinical education and training center
 for all of our customers across Asia Pacific.
 We have been steadily migrating Chinese and business line
 cases to Chengdu, and are continuing to train new
 technicians and improve lead time.
 We will also open a treatment planning facility to support our IMAE customers in Cologne, Germany
 In Q3.
 With that, I'll turn it over to John.
 Comments, Joe.
 Thanks, John.
 Overall, we're pleased to see the first half of the year off to such a strong start.
 art.
 Many of you have already re-
 think of a question about us being at a tipping point.
 And I'm sure we'll get that question following today's calls.
 Frankly, we think it's too early to tell.
 The growth we're seeing in our business
 is better than we expected and reflects progress
 in several areas, including clinical efficacy,
 sales cover, coverage, and support models, customer engagement, and demand generation
 in patient capture.
 We believe it also reflects a healthy underlying market with solid patient traffic, and it
 significant increase in direct-to-consumer programs by us and others.
 There's still a lot of work ahead as we move toward our goal of replacing metal braces
 and making invisible eye in the standard of care in orthodontics.
 We know there will be challenges.
 We aren't drawing a straight line up and to the right
 at this point, but we are confident in our ability
 to drive this industry forward and transform it
 from an outdated analog process to a fully digital system.
 Thanks for your time today, and we look forward to your questions.
 At this time, we will be conducting a question and answer session.
 if you would like to ask a question.
 You know, Bob, from a team standpoint, overall, I just focused on North America for a second.
 We mentioned last year when we put our plan together
 that we would have a strong focus on teens
 as we go into the second quarter of this year,
 because it's the team season for North America.
 What we started that program off with is we had several programs in North America just
 to get doctors ready for this program overall.
 The next double partnership, a program we call IMOP,
 some specific things that really focused on teens
 to get that base ready.
 And then we start to really unleash the communications
 part of this, the $14 million or so that we're moving in consumer advertising to do that.
 So I think when you look at the first half and those two kind of simultaneous actions,
 That's been really one of the biggest underlying drivers in North America to make that really
 to go. That along with our ad campaigns and everything else we put in place that are much
 more specific these days, in this sense of how we go to market, you see how we're working
 both the team's channels and the mom's channels from the marketing standpoint also, it's just
 a much cleaner, more specific approach to teens that includes a real sales effort with
 with our doctors and a real strong customer patient facing piece with moms and teens.
 Yeah, I'd say two major variables Bob, you know one would be just media spend
 And we've had a significant increase in media spend itself, and we have seen a strong correlation
 between me to spend in the U.S. and the G.P. increase.
 And then secondly, you know what, like our light product that we introduced in the second
 quarter with the GP segment. We're more and more targeting that segment with easier products
 that are more simple for them to deliver to the marketplace.
 So I'd say media spend in some specific products
 to really help them.
 Thanks.
 Joe on Smile Direct Club, but a question for you guys.
 Well, you know, like we mentioned in, you know, my briefing that we're doing one-third of their cases right now.
 It's still not material in that sense, you know, Brendan, we just wanted to give you just an idea of, you know, where we stand overall.
 still too third to their volume.
 As far as the percent equity, it was just an opportunity we have.
 We worked closely with David and his team at STC,
 Thank you.
 He was available.
 we're pleased with the relationship
 and we thought that was just a great next step for us
 in that sense.
 You know, we haven't had, you know, John, Joe, we haven't had a terrific conversion
 rates in that sense, but we've learned a lot and we tweak that model all the time is the
 The patients that smell direct club service, they have a certain price point in mind.
 They usually have a simple kind of an approach that they want in a sense of correcting their
 And they need to be dealt with really quickly.
 really quickly. In other words, when those patients are interested, moving them into
 to an orthodontist in this case or a GP that wants to do that,
 It has to be done quickly and concisely
 these patients are just different than the normal patients that we work with, so we keep
 that model we've had some success and we keep building on it but we think in the future
 as we put this thing together, we'll have a much better year.
 That's India.
 I'll go back to India again this year.
 What we do when we go into a country like that, John, is you really do this by city.
 in the city and you recruit doctors and you just begin to ramp up in those specific cities,
 They find great doctors in a sense, appear to appear, being able to one doctor to teach
 another.
 You look at this as almost a city-by-city effort in India.
 We'll take, obviously, the biggest and the most prosperous cities first.
 We work out from there.
 We're really in our second year of this in a big way.
 We're reaching our goals.
 The business has been growing pretty rapidly in that sense.
 And this is a model we really follow all over the world.
 It's just, you know, when you get to India,
 You just have to make sure that you approach it in an Indian way.
 In the example, what's an Indian way is they often don't want to buy our scanners, so we
 that we have as a scanner that's often a few of them in a city on a truck that they just,
 to rent and we move them in almost daily
 to different offices or they line up patients to do scans.
 And so we just acclimatize to use that word to the marketplace
 and keep working that.
 So we're excited about it, and we feel very confident of our long-term trend now.
 Thanks, John.
 Data filing is at 20 years.
 There's some multi-layer material.
 Yeah, we do have patent protection on it now.
 The vendor that we use on it has a certain amount
 of restrictions in the sense of dentistry
 and where it can be used, but also has patents on process
 and all and how to put together
 a lot of easy material to do in that way.
 So, yeah, I mean, just look at it as, you know, from data filing and all.
 We have a significant number of years that the smart track continues to be an invisible
 line in an aligned material.
 Well, but you net all that out and third quarter we expect ASBs to be flat.
 Hey, John.
 John, Joe, again on your question on third quarter, fourth quarter.
 I think the best way to take what we're saying is we're not calling a step down in the fourth
 quarter or just to do and giving you a good question.
 Understood. Thanks guys.
 On the air.
 I know I'm not trying to, you know, give you any kind of warning or anything like that, Jeff.
 I have all the confidence in the world, like I said in my final comments,
 that will complete this mission
 of eliminating wires and brackets, you know,
 with a digital system with plastic.
 I just, you know, I think I get questions all the time
 as you can guess when you see these kind of growth rates
 about the tipping, if we end up tipping point
 business.
 I think we all know about the whole term tipping point of what it would mean.
 All I was trying to get across is I don't think you can take two quarters and draw a line through the tipping point.
 But don't mistake in anything at all that there is something that we see that would
 in some way shake our confidence in what we think we can do.
 we can do.
 any, any, any direction on that.
 Thanks.
 Robbie, on the scanner penetration, you have to look at it as almost two separate markets.
 is the orthodontic market and the GP market.
 I'm not sure exactly how far, you know, penetrated we are on the orthodontic side, but I'd say
 what you have to look at is often when a doctor starts to do more and more and
 They want an ITARO scanner per chair.
 And so you really can't look at it as a uniproductor in that sense.
 you gotta look at it as a unit and a sense of number of chairs in that office.
 And so I'd say, you know, obviously we have a higher penetration rate right now on the
 the ortho side than we do on a GP side,
 with like Shirley quoted a moment ago at 150,000 GPs
 United States, we haven't really even begun in that sense.
 And that type of scanner has a good balance between
 Invisalign and being able to do restorative applications too.
 So, if you're worried about, you know, kind of a max out on penetration, that's not necessarily
 in the way that we're thinking, you know, on a,
 Certainly on a yearly basis.
 On the FDC volume, please.
 I don't think we're giving out that data.
 and don't think we necessarily want to do that,
 both for our sakes and STC's on line.
 Thanks.
 Yeah, you know, first, I think your question is a great question.
 It's just, you know, from a penetration standpoint, how do you drive more of it and what you do?
 TFM is one of it, I mean, we've really rolled that out strongly in North America this year.
 The numbers are tremendous in the sense of when you have a customer who wants to dedicate
 time to really learn.
 So, again, think of TSM as kind of a learning curve, as you're doing, you have a primarily
 Really an analog process and your whole office has worked around gluing wires and brackets
 and adjusting emergencies to people's teeth and, you know, what to look like when you go
 do more of a digital format, you know, at the front end of the digital system, how you
 They work with ClinCheck and we, you know, these are doctors that come forward and say
 they wanted to vote, you know, 90 days, 120 days of just learning and spending time to
 to learn how to really ramp up in a digital format,
 and it works well.
 but it's self-selective in that case
 because doctors come forward that really want to do that
 and spend their time.
 I'd also say the other thing I've learned in this job
 over the last two years is how important peer-to-peer is
 from the growth standpoint.
 is having really good strong doctors
 that can communicate to other doctors
 about how to use invisible line.
 We see this not just in North America,
 We've ramped up new programs like IMO, P, and some other things that just really helped
 in that sense, both across the work of Ghani community and also across the GB community
 You can do it, though.
 Those are the two big programs that say we use to address the question that you have
 about how you amp up doctors.
 You know, I call that an IQ question, kind of, okay?
 And the way I'd answer that is we're in the clear liner business and anything that helps
 to sell more clear liners directly, it doesn't have to be explained, it would be in our wind
 So that's why we have a scanner business.
 We have a scanner business.
 We have a scanner business because it allows us to sell more clear liners.
 And so this, you're not looking, I don't care how much cash we have, we're not looking
 and to be a diversified dental company.
 So I think, Zach, the best way to think about that is if you take a step back from this
 whole thing, our approach to the GP channel more and more has to be to make it easy and
 efficient and bill is a product like that. It's a product where you can adapt quickly
 from a GP standpoint.
 It does simple cases.
 Most goals are less than, I think, 15 aligners or so.
 We've adopted the protocols to make it simpler
 for doctors to do also.
 So I would say, don't just take go, you two.
 We'll have a series of more simple kind of products and systems that we'll introduce
 to GPs to get through.
 I go is just the first one of those.
 That's not the down cell I go, but as we learn from my go, we can continue to iterate on
 in that product line and make you a new offering.
 but it's a big part of our GP strategy overall.
 It's having the right product and the right kind of system that it feeds through to make
 it really simple for the GP doc.
 There's no material impact.
 And you usually don't see material impact in that for 18 months or two years.
 Next year at this time is a great time to ask a question, Jack.