 Please stand by. We're about to begin.
 Good day and welcome to the Allied Properties REIT 4th Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference
 call.
 today's conference is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the
 conference over to Mr. Michael Emery, President and Chief Executive Officer.
 Please go ahead, Mr. Emery.
 Thank you, Jess. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our conference call. Tom, Cecilia,
 and you are here with me to discuss Allied's results for the fourth quarter and here ended
 December 31st, 2021.
 We may in the course of this conference call
 make forward-looking statements about future events or future performance.
 These statements by their nature are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause
 actual events or results to differ materially, including those risks described under the
 heading Risks and Uncertainties in our most recently filed AIF and in our most recent
 quarterly report.
 But material assumptions that underpin any forward-looking statements we make include
 those assumptions described under forward-looking disclaimer in our most recent quarterly report.
 report. By way of overview, 2021 was a strong year operationally and financially for Allied.
 AFFO per unit came in at $2.40.5 cents and AFFO per unit at $2.09 cents.
 In both cases at record levels and at the high end of the range contemplated in our
 internal forecast.
 Leasing activity.
 activity exceeded our expectations for the year, with the result that our average in-place
 net rent per occupied square foot rose in all four quarters, finishing at $24.64 in the
 the fourth quarter compared to $23.88 in the comparable quarter
 last year.
 Cecilia will summarize our financial results and speak about the ongoing
 augmentation of our financial and ESG reporting.
 Tom will follow with an overview of leasing and operations.
 Hugh will...
 provide a development update, and I'll finish with our current thinking about the future.
 So now, over to Cecilia.
 Good morning.
 all touch on our balance sheets, internal forecast, and ESG.
 first our balance sheet.
 As you know, we flexed our balance sheet over the past two years to take advantage of
 acquisition opportunities that would not have been available to us in a normal environment.
 Our confidence in doing so was bolstered by the fact that our current developments will
 will increase our EBITDA by approximately $80 million annually in the next few years.
 That said, we're not prepared to flex our balance sheet further, and have begun the
 process of getting our net debt to EBITDA back to our target range.
 Our recently established at-the-market program will be helpful.
 We test rent it in Q4, raising $30 million of equity at a weighted average price of $44.05.
 So helpful will be our development completion starting to become economically productive
 later this year and into 2023 and 2024.
 their contribution to earnings combined with discretionary use of the
 of the ATM program will effectively allow us to more actively manage towards our targeted
 Let's get metrics.
 on to our internal forecast.
 We expect low to mid single digit growth in each of FFO per unit, AFFO per unit, and same
 Math at NOI in 2022.
 Consistent with previous internal forecasts, we've assumed no new acquisitions and using
 debt-to-finance all activity, both of which are highly unlikely.
 Both an FFO and AFFO per unit will be the result of development completion, a full year
 of acquisitions completed in 2021.
 rent growth, and occupancy growth to 94% later this year.
 As with all our development projects on completion,
 The financial impact is moderated
 by the simultaneous decapitalization of costs,
 resulting in the full impact not being realized
 for 12 to 24 months.
 Development completions are expected to contribute an incremental sixth sense to FFO per unit
 in 2022.
 net of $1 million less in capitalization of costs.
 This is primarily from economic occupancy commencing
 at the well, Duncan and Adelaide, and bright hop-based
 The same NASA NOI growth will be the result of occupancy and rent growth in Toronto, Montreal,
 Vancouver, and our UDC portfolio.
 Parking is assumed to return to pre-pandemic levels.
 Straight line rent on the total portfolio is expected to almost triple in 2022 from 2021 levels.
 as turnover vacancy is addressed in the latter half of 2022.
 This sets us up for a strong 2023, when economic productivity from development completion continues to grow.
 Development completions are expected to contribute an incremental $0.14 of FFO per unit net of $16 million less in capitalized costs.
 This would be primarily from the well, Duncan and Adelaide, Brighthub Phase 3, and QRC Phase 2.
 Combined with a full year of the acquisitions expected to close in Q3 of 2022 and economic
 occupancy from leasing activity completed in the rental
 portfolio in the latter half of 2022, our current internal estimates are for growth
 in the mid to high range of FFO per unit, AFFO per unit,
 and same at the NOI.
 in 2023.
 Now to ESG.
 We continue to advance our ESG program in 2022.
 Last year, we set an inaugural greenhouse gas
 intensity targets, and a long-term goal of achieving net zero for all new developments
 or major redevelopment.
 This year, we will be evaluating our possible pathways to NetZero and preparing our team
 members and relevant partners for implementation of our decarbonization roadmap.
 We are committed to evaluating climate risk across the business and will be undertaking
 a climate scenario analysis in the first quarter.
 We can expect our third annual ESG report to be released by July of this year, including
 disclosure of our performance against the task force on climate-related financial
 Disclosures or TCSD Recommendation.
 I'll now pass it to Tom for a discussion of our operating and leasing results.
 Thank you Cecilia.
 By any measure, 2021 was an excellent year of leasing
 All right.
 Q4 was particularly strong.
 Over the course of 2021, we bolster our leasing team
 by adding three leasing managers,
 bringing our in-house Sleasing and Lease Documentation Team
 to 31 employees.
 The team conducted over 1,000 physical tours in the portfolio over the 12 months, just
 about doubling the number of tours in 2020.
 120.
 146 deals were completed in Q4 totaling just under a million square feet and 400 deals were
 completed for the year totaling 2.4 million square feet.
 net rents achieved on renewals or replacements in 2021 were 20.6% higher than average rents
 in the expiring term.
 some leasing highlights in 2021 include.
 100% pre-leasing of our QRC West phase two project.
 now under construction at Queen and Peter in Toronto.
 We substantially advance pre-leasing of the office
 component at the well. We made good progress in addressing a large non-renewal at 111
 Robert Barassa in Montreal.
 we actually increased our least area in Calgary
 and improved the least area in our UDC portfolio.
 We also completed a number of significant expansions
 for major tenants across the portfolio, including publicists almost doubling their space requirement.
 As predicted, the amount of space available for sublease in our portfolio declined considerably
 over the quarter.
 This trend will no doubt continue as companies realize they need their offices.
 I will now provide an update on leasing activities
 in Montreal, Toronto, Calgary, and Vancouver, and
 conclude with an update on our Urban Data Center portfolio.
 Starting in Montreal, the team continues to complete small deals at RCA and El Pro
 buildings in St. Henry.
 Henry.
 following on the heels of a 30,000-square-foot deal with Molson Coors at 111 Robert Barrasa.
 we have recently completed a deal for 40,000 square feet
 and we are currently negotiating with two companies
 for a total of 70,000 square feet in that same building.
 Moving to Toronto, we learned Monday of this week that Shopify elected not to exercise a right to expand by
 90,000 square feet at the well.
 This will allow us to further diversify our mix of office tenants and we will most certainly achieve
 uplifts and net rents in the range of $10 to $15 per square foot. It is also
 highly likely that the replacement tenant or tenants will begin to pay rent six months
 sooner than previously negotiated.
 Shopify remains fully committed to 340,000 square feet.
 Strong demand for this project continues as we completed five transactions totaling 135,000 square feet over the past three months.
 Indeed, the marketplace was waiting to learn about the availability of the 90,000 square
 repeat.
 Our leasing team, without any advertising, had three inquiries by 11 a.m. yesterday.
 Stay tuned on this one.
 Moving to our existing portfolio in Toronto,
 we mentioned on the last call,
 we were in the process of finalizing
 an expansion of existing tenants at 111 Queen Street East.
 growing from 68,000 to 120,000 square feet.
 That deal has been fully executed.
 We also completed two deals for 22,000 square feet
 at 312 Adelaide.
 just subsequent to the quarter and are working with an existing tenant at King and Spadina
 to move them from 25,000 square feet to 55,000 square feet of space.
 In Calgary, the team completed an impressive 17 transactions in the quarter, and we actually
 increased our least area to 86.4%, which in the context of that market is quite good.
 Subsequent to the quarter, we completed a 20,000-square-foot deal for vacant space in
 Most of the activity in this market is for deals of 5,000 square feet and less, with
 tenants seeking bill
 out space. We have upgraded the number of suites in order to attract these small
 users.
 At Telesky, we built out three model suites, and two were released fairly quickly last year.
 and we are currently building out another four units.
 We also have a deal under negotiation for 30,000 square feet in that building, which we expected to complete.
 In Vancouver, we completed three small transactions in the quarter
 and have good activity on available spaces.
 The three-year restoration project at Sun Tower is now complete, and scaffolding, which
 had been completely covering the building has now been removed.
 This will greatly improve the desirability of this building and improve leasing, which
 had
 been difficult during the restoration.
 The Vancouver portfolio is 91% least.
 at least.
 Our urban data centers in Toronto are 95.2% least overall,
 with two small renewal transactions completed in Q4.
 I will now turn the call over to Hugh.
 Thanks, Tom. This quarter has seen advancements on both our planning activity, as well as our construction activity fronts.
 I will begin by giving an overview of our major projects and then we'll follow that with
 an update on work we have done on our development pipeline.
 We're beginning in a month for y'all.
 Work continues on the Upgrade Work at 1001 Robert Borosa, NRCA.
 We have completed the majority of the base building work at 400 Atlantic.
 The leasing team is now actively marking the spaces of all three buildings.
 in central Canada, despite the supply chain and manpower issues that COVID has created in the
 industry, we continue to make progress in all of our
 act of construction projects. At the well, we have revised the anticipated completion
 date
 of the office tower from Q1 to Q2.
 Tenants continue to take possession of their spaces as set out in their leases.
 At 19 Duncan, we were able to hand over the first floors to Toxin Reuters for their fitout work.
 We anticipate achieving occupancy of the office,
 component in late Q2 or early Q3.
 In Kitchener, work is being completed on the base building of the third phase of bright
 development and we anticipate handing over the space to Google for their
 fit out in early Q2.
 We were able to achieve a significant milestone at our College Street JV project with real
 The building achieved occupancy and has had its first residents start to occupy their
 suites. In Western Canada we were able to achieve
 at 400 West Georgia, planning and activity.
 This quarter has seen progress made
 on a number of submissions for future intensification
 projects.
 Subsequent the quarter-end, we were approved for the first phase of expansion of Lenor-Delac.
 We intend to bring this to market in the spring, and would commence construction once we
 to achieve the pre-leasing requirements.
 The goal of this project is to both better serve our knowledge-based, work-based users
 as well as to advance our ESG commitments.
 We believe we can do this through the exploration of building our first net zero carbon building.
 The team has also advanced the work on the approval of Bathurst Assembly, the castle,
 King and Spadina, and real town.
 We are targeting approval for the Bathurst Assembly
 in the fall of 2022.
 This quarter has seen progress made across all of our development work.
 Despite industry-wide disruptions to the supply chain and manpower, the team remains
 focused on maintaining momentum on all acts of development and advancing work on future
 opportunities.
 I will now turn the call back to Michael.
 Thank you Hugh.
 While Omicron put a bit of a damper on the reopening in Canada, it doesn't appear to
 who have undermined the restoration of confidence
 among our customers.
 as of January 31st this year.
 87% of the users in our portfolio,
 occupying 90% of the total GLA in our portfolio
 have reopened their workspace and are bringing employees back to work.
 We don't have information on the exact number of employees that these users have brought back to their workspace
 days, but we do know that the reopening in our portfolio continues across the country.
 As the global pandemic appears to be coming to an end, I'm reminded of the thesis I R
 in early April of last year.
 It advanced the proposition that the global pandemic
 would benefit the commercial real estate industry
 by accelerating three established secular trends.
 One.
 urban intensification, two, humanistic operation, and three, stress-tested leadership.
 As I pointed out then, I can't prove the thesis.
 human behavior over time will do that or not. What I can say at this point in time is that
 human behavior, as Allied experienced it over the course of 2021, strongly supports the
 thesis. I intend to update the thesis in early April of this year and perhaps
 periodically thereafter. I hope this has been a useful and comprehensive
 update for you, we would now be pleased to answer any questions that you may have.
 Thank you ladies and gentlemen for any questions or comments you may signal by pressing star one on your telephone keypad
 If you're using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow
 your signal to reach our equipment.
 Again, it is star one to ask a question.
 We'll go first to Jonathan Keltcher at TD Security.
 If your line is open, please go ahead.
 Thanks. Good morning.
 Good morning.
 First question, just on the same property NOI, it was a little negative in Toronto and Kitchener in the quarter.
 you maybe give us a little bit of color on that.
 Hi, Jonathan. It would be relating to parking and turnover vacancy.
 Okay, so that should flip flip this this year. Yes, okay. Yes, we're
 All right.
 Okay, and then on the development side, on the well,
 notice the costs for the project were up about 5% versus Q3.
 Can you maybe give us a little bit of color on that?
 For sure they're related to two things one is the extension of the construction schedule
 and and two is
 the activities that's happened on site in order to deal with the impacts of COVID.
 Okay.
 Okay, so just sort of timing and supply chain,
 type this in.
 Exactly.
 OK, fair enough.
 And then for this year, what's the expected spend
 on development for 2022.
 It will be about $200 million and it will drop in 2023 to under $100 million.
 Okay.
 But that's it for me, thanks, I'll turn it back.
 Thank you.
 We'll go next to Mario Seric at Scowshipping. Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning morning
 Thank you.
 Just one quick question on the cap allocations for the year.
 I think the MD&A and the letter to you holders,
 highlighted the expectation to allocate a large amount of capital in 22, which is a consistent
 with prior years, I think in 21 you've completed about $316 million of acquisitions is kind
 of...
 300 to five million a reasonable range in terms of targeted
 acquisitions this year, and if so, how do you think about funding any expected activity
 during the current, you know, pricing policy.
 The mario given the extent of opportunities visible to us, it would be very easy for us
 to achieve a comparable level of acquisitions in 2022, if not more, if not considerably
 more potentially.
 There are
 two limiting factors, however, that we have to recognize.
 The first is, as Cecilia mentioned, we are not prepared to flex our balance sheet any
 further.
 The second is we are not prepared to issue substantial amounts of equity below NAD per
 unit.
 That could ultimately delay or constrain our ability to take advantage of opportunities
 that we expect to become available to us.
 But we have explored and developed a number of options that would allow us to utilize
 capital without raising equity below NAV per unit and without putting upward pressure on
 on our debt metrics.
 I don't want to elaborate on that any further,
 but I do want to reiterate the two governing propositions
 for capital allocation in 2022.
 They are as follows.
 One, we will not flex our balance sheet any further.
 Number two, we will not raise substantial amounts of equity below NAV per unit.
 Okay, and I don't know if you can answer this given your your comment just now, but
 or JV something that a lot of it would increasingly consider.
 It's not something that I use historically done, but is that an option you're looking
 not necessarily for specific assets, but just in general, the philosophy of JVs are
 or is that changing over time?
 That is definitely one option that has been
 been extensively explored and is available to us in terms of funding acquisition opportunities
 in a way that don't violate either of the two propositions
 by articulated with respect to capital allocation.
 But it's only one. There are others.
 No.
 Okay, just maybe a bit more color
 on your acquisition at 207 West Hays things.
 It is November of last year, but just can you remind us of what the plans are there for that awesome?
 It is a spectacular heritage asset, probably along with our Sun Tower, which by the way
 is featured on the cover of our annual report, Post Restoration.
 Along with the Sun Tower, it is arguably the finest heritage structure in the city of
 Vancouver. It is heavily occupied by a very large number of small users on short-term
 leases that are structured in the old way of leasing, which is essentially gross.
 We plan to work with the existing tenant base, and if my memory serves, there are 140 tenants
 there, or there were at least on acquisition, we want to work with all of them to find a
 a way to transform the building into a leasing format that
 is more consistent with our operating format.
 But we genuinely want to do that in a way
 that retains the existing users.
 possibly relocate some of them to other buildings we have with a more allied
 like leasing structure. So that will be a gentle rolling upgrade for lack of a
 a better term.
 that the Dominion building is very close to Sun Tower.
 And actually, it, the sun tower and the landing are almost optimally located in relation to
 to one another and so at the landing we can accommodate,
 accommodate, excuse me, larger single-floor users at
 Dominion, we can accommodate mid-sized single-floor users, and at the Dominion building, we can
 accommodate a large number of smaller users and we want to continue to accommodate all
 such users because we want an ecosystem in our portfolio in Vancouver and elsewhere
 as you know, that allows us to accommodate the broad range of creative businesses in
 our economy today.
 Okay.
 Okay, maybe two more really quick ones on my end.
 the first relates to your UDC cap rates.
 a flat quarter of a quarter of 5.3%, including 151 front,
 which is 100% occupied at a five cap.
 I think we've seen a lot of transactions
 in the North American market, pretty healthy evaluations
 I would suggest one for you on front in particular
 is well below a five cap rate asset.
 I guess the question is, what do you think
 of the catalysts to recognize the inherent value,
 uh... one fifty one in particular
 in terms of the cap rate and valuation, and more broadly across the UDC portfolio which
 I understand it's valued at 1.1 billion today.
 very aware of the transactions you've
 to. We have not reflected those transactions in our IFRS value at the end of Q4, not because
 we don't think it's appropriate, but we wanted those transactions to close with certainty
 and we wanted to work with our independent appraiser,
 Cushman in terms of determining what impact those transactions have on our underlying
 urban data center values
 the transactions aren't perfect,
 Comparables to our 151 front, but they're much better
 better comprables than some of the transactions that occurred either earlier in 2021 or previously.
 So we will be striving to reflect that accurately, precisely as we go through 2022.
 Okay.
 my last question just in terms of Montreal I think in the last quarter with respect to the
 of the RCA building, it was mentioned that there was one
 potential user for 50,000 square feet.
 looking at the space.
 Is that potential user still there in terms of possibility or is that opportunity coming
 gone. That is for 30,000 square feet, Mario, and we're trading paper with that
 channel.
 I would translate that into yes.
 I'm saving except for $50,000.
 We'll move next to our question from Mike Marcus at Giardin Securities.
 If your line is open, please go ahead.
 Thank you. Good morning everybody.
 Um, quick ones on my end.
 C leads to clarify the, and thank you so much for the expected incremental contribution
 and developments, I think it's helpful for all of us.
 The six cents in 2022 is pretty clear,
 the 14-cent figure you referenced in 2023,
 Is that relative to zero or is that incremental to the sixth sense in 2022?
 It's incremental from 2022 to 2023. It's another incremental
 14 cents net of
 of 16 million decapitalized.
 Both of those figures are incremental.
 Yeah.
 So, hypothetically, all of SQL, if you did 241 today,
 and that's another 20 shots you'd expect.
 Start 241 in 2021, that's another 20 cents
 to what we were expecting.
 Correct.
 Got it. Okay, that's all right. Thank you.
 Refresher Memory Team, the, I thought you owned the AeroLites
 For Union Center, I just noticed a $15 million transaction referencing air rights at Union
 Center.
 to be elaborate on what that was for the next two days.
 Sure.
 That is roughly 5.2 acres immediately to the south of the Union Center site above the
 rail lands where we closed the acquisition of air rights, I believe, in the fourth quarter.
 So it is literally 5.2 acres of land that really runs directly south of the Union Center
 site I guess with the boundary on the east being York York and the
 boundary on the west being Simcoe, and it basically goes to the far side of the rail
 lands.
 and is a very, very good incremental asset for us at Union Center.
 and will in time augment our ability to create value on that larger site.
 OK, that's great.
 And would that be followed by a resubmission
 the proposal for union center as it currently stands.
 Fortunately, it isn't necessary.
 We just got approval for what I would call Union Center 3.0, which we're very happy
 with.
 I think it's now at about 1.33 million square feet.
 We will clearly...
 build it
 And
 construct on the remainder of the existing site in a way that allows us
 to utilize the air rights most efficiently, but we don't have to change how we're going
 use the portion of the site that Union Center 3.0 is on.
 Okay, last one for me before I turn it back to my peers.
 I think, Michael, your commentary with respect to the opportunity set is going to be on the
 acquisition side seems to be, if not on par, but maybe more bullish for the lack of better
 the term going forward.
 There I ask is 250 front, part of that opportunity set.
 Well, let me respond to the general question first and I I I should and will respond to the specific one second I
 I believe a lot of portfolio rebalancing is going to occur in 2022 and onward, which could,
 I'm not saying inevitably will, but which could see high-quality office opportunities
 that fit our investment and operating focus come our way.
 So generally, I actually think the environment for
 continued consolidation of appropriate urban office space
 in Montreal, Toronto, Calgary, and Vancouver will be good for us.
 Really as to 250 front the CBC building, it is a matter of public knowledge and is widely
 known that CBC initiated a process through CBRE to ascertain the extent to which and
 the price at which the market was prepared to transact on the purchase of the CBC building.
 That process was explicitly conducted.
 Thank you very much for your time.
 Thank you.
 with the knowledge that Allied has a right, of course, off.
 and that at the end of the process, the CBC would then
 deal with allied in relation to its right of first offer.
 So that everything I have said is a matter of public record and known to all.
 So it is my belief that the CBRE process is largely complete, if not complete.
 And that's the extent of public information.
 Whether the right of first offer will translate favorably for us or not is unknown.
 I can tell you, as I've said for years,
 our interest level is high.
 So I'm confident.
 but not certain
 that we will end up in a position to buy the CBC building.
 whether we actually do it or not is unknown.
 So I'm trying to be as open and honest as I can
 without being inappropriate in terms of what I disclose.
 But everything I have disclosed specifically, Mike, is public information and is known to
 to all in the industry.
 No, I appreciate that.
 And maybe, Michael, I know you've confirmed your interest in the building in the past.
 maybe you could just give us a refresher
 to the operational fit with an ally with that asset potential?
 It is...
 I mean...
 The way to think about it, it is roughly a million square feet.
 Roughly half will be will be leased to the CBC long-term.
 won't be a lot of growth in the lease,
 but it'll be a very long-term lease
 with a very high-caliber covenant.
 The remainder of the building has exactly
 the kind of transformational potential for which Allied is known.
 And as you also know, 170,000 square feet or so of the remainder is already leased to
 allied as part of our urban data center portfolio for what was originally a 50-year term less
 a day and what is probably now a 41 or 42 year term.
 firm. So what we would have really
 .
 is an aggregation of a very stable base,
 albeit not one that's likely to grow materially over time.
 and then another base that is materially underutilized
 that we will be able to upgrade and reposition
 in the way we have so many other buildings with similar physical attributes.
 And then finally, of course, we will own the Urban Data Center portfolio free and clear.
 This is all if we do this transaction.
 So that's, I think, the way to look at it, that's how it was presented to the open market
 bidding and there were bidders who stepped forward.
 And that will then allow CBC to determine how best to deal with our right at first
 Stop.
 Michael, I appreciate your transparency, and that's excellent color.
 Thank you, I'll turn it back.
 Okay.
 We'll be next to Brad Sturges with Raymond James.
 Your line is open.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning. Just on 400 West Georgia there, you know, he highlighted, you know, the ramp
 up on occupancy starting now.
 Can you just give a timeline to the extent you can in terms of what the potential could
 could be for the occupancy stabilization there at the project?
 In terms of NOI, is that what you're saying?
 and see stabilization.
 Terms of percentage when we'll get to where we we hopefully will have that by Q3
 which
 Yeah, 95% is what we would consider a stabilized occupancy and Q3 would be when we close on
 that transaction. So it would coincide with when it comes on our books. That would be our
 expectation.
 Okay, and then I guess just one other question in terms of, you know, funding some of your
 growth initiatives, you have still some assets for sale on the balance, listed on the balance
 sheet at the end of the year, you know, you know, would there be a scenario where you
 We consider more, you know, 100% the asset sales at this stage if, you know, the capital
 markets aren't at a point where you feel comfortable raising equity or how should we
 think about asset sales beyond what's listed at sale right now?
 That's an option Brad that is available to us. The two held for sale are moving
 toward completion on schedule although we can never be certain they'll complete
 until they complete.
 There is another smaller non-core asset in Toronto that we might transact on, but when
 When I say there are options available to us, I'm not postulating large-scale asset sales
 on our part.
 Okay.
 That makes sense.
 back. Thank you.
 We'll go next to Caitlin Burroughs with Goldman Sachs.
 Good morning.
 In the prepared remarks, I think you guys mentioned reaching 94 percent occupancy later this year.
 So it's wondering if you could give some detail on the cadence of that expected occupancy
 improvement and then just clarify whether that's the total portfolio or the stabilized
 properties specifically.
 Hi Caitlin, for sure, that would be the total rental portfolio and it would start ramping
 up from an occupancy perspective in the second half of 2022.
 Okay.
 And then, separately, I don't think this one was talked about yet, and I know I'm going
 to say it wrong, but last July, you announced that just a group was developing 700 Rue State
 which you would buy in the second half of 22 around the time of completion.
 And so assuming that is still the plan,
 key go through how we expect to fund that project in particular and to what extent that
 that property may contribute to earnings in 22?
 Again, we will fund it subject to the parameters I articulated in my answer with respect to
 allocation or capital allocation.
 And as I say, there are known options available to us.
 That's not to diminish that particular acquisition,
 but it's not particularly large.
 But as I say, we will not fund it with equity below NAV per unit, and we will not fund it
 by flexing our balance sheet further.
 Okay. And then maybe two quicker ones.
 I'm just wondering if the internal assumptions that you outlined for 22 and even 23 assume
 any additional ATM usage, or if you were to use the ATM in a small way, would that be
 kind of like an incremental update.
 No, we don't assume any ATM usage.
 We assume everything is funded with debt, so that would be an incremental usage.
 Okay. And then last, it looks like the salaries and benefits were higher in the fourth quarter
 than they have been.
 I know you mentioned that you hired three new leasing managers, so is that related to
 that hiring and more of a permanent increase or was there something one time or a mix?
 That would be the Q4 GNA uptick you would have seen was for the final bonus payouts for the year,
 So, it was a bit of a year-to-date catch-up on compensation.
 So, as we think about this year, would you say that, like, 2021 or some growth rate from
 that it's reasonable to assume.
 For 2022, you should assume GNA will be in line with 2021,
 but excluding the 1.2 or 1.3 million
 of severance expense that we had in 21.
 So almost flat from 21 to 22.
 Okay, thanks, that's all.
 We'll go next to Matt Kornick at National Bank Financial.
 Your line is open. Please go ahead.
 Everybody is trying to figure out how you buy things without financing them, so just
 Just a quick question in terms of potential vendors in the market.
 Is there an appetite at this point for them to take back equity at NAV in Allied?
 Is that a potential kind of way to get at some of these assets while not issuing at a discount?
 It is a theoretical possibility. Yes
 It's never one we've executed on, nor is it how we approach BENDORs.
 So it is a theoretical possibility.
 I don't know if it's a real possibility.
 OK, fair enough.
 With regards to the 94% occupancy in the rental portfolio,
 Is that purely lease up of vacant space?
 there's the component of that just bringing on sort of fully
 least.
 To.
 development properties as well.
 No, it would mostly be driven by leasing up turnover vacancy, not so much on the development,
 Because on our larger developments, we're actually very highly leased, so.
 Okay, no fair enough. And then on the, I guess, follow-up on CTAM multimedia, it sounds like you have prospects there.
 They've been there for a while, but it's sitting, I guess, 111 rubber versus sitting at 49% occupied.
 If I'd, what, is that where we should expect some of that lease up in the second half of
 of the year, or should that come in the nearer term?
 I think we can expect some considerable lease up in that building that while some of that
 Those prospects have been sitting there.
 we're getting closer and closer.
 So I think you're gonna see some movement
 over the course of the next few months.
 OK.
 And then a last one with regards to 400 West Georgia.
 to 400 West Georgia.
 How should we think about that?
 It's coming to completion, but just the outlay versus what you've lent against that asset
 and is that contemplated in guidance that coming
 in or being purchased at completion?
 Yes, so our outlook or our forecast, our estimate includes the two acquisitions that we've already
 committed to just no new acquisitions. So it includes closing on 400 West Georgia in
 Q3 and it will actually be a net cash inflow because we will be repaid our loan and we
 We will put permanent financing, mortgage financing on the property which will result
 and net cash to us over and above our buy-in to the project.
 OK, now that makes sense.
 And last one, 720 BD, is that in process?
 I'm not sure exactly where it stands at this point or what the prospect would be for that
 to be completed and brought into the read.
 It's a timely question. The rate that we have advanced against that project slowed considerably in 2021.
 the plan we have there is not similar to the plan we executed at the well.
 We're going to commit to the below-grade construction
 pre-preleasing threshold, knowing that if we get to grade without having met the
 a pre-leasing threshold, we can always stop and wait.
 It's never something we want to do,
 but it does allow us to close the temporal gap
 without committing to what I would call full-scale speculative development.
 we are enjoying considerable preliminary progress in pre-leasing that project,
 which is quite large for Vancouver.
 It's roughly 600,000 square feet.
 our share at 300.
 So it's not gigantic, but in the context of Vancouver,
 It is quite large.
 And the approach we've taken is to fund the subterranean
 structure, back up to grade, and if necessary, stop once we get there if there's no
 pre-leasing in place, if our experience at the well is any indication, and our assessment
 of the strength of the Vancouver market accurate will easily get to our pre-leasing threshold
 where we get back to grade there.
 But so it's a timely question.
 it hasn't been a big drag on capital for us
 and we're getting a very good return on what capital we advance.
 but that will accelerate a little in 2022.
 but under no circumstances are we building that on spec.
 Okay, I appreciate that.
 And then, sorry, silly, one last one on the guidance for the view on 2023.
 It sounds like, I mean, if you can go from 89.9% occupancy to 94 this year, I understand
 that some of the growth would be delayed into next year.
 but is there any sense of conservatism in your forecast there for sort of high single
 digit.
 Same property.
 It's the same problem to FFO pre-nit growth.
 Oh, the mid to high.
 I would say if we were to err on one side, it would be on the side of conservatism, of
 of conservatism, but I wouldn't say it's highly conservative.
 Okay, thanks, guys.
 We'll go next to Pammy Byrne, RBC Capital Market.
 Your line is open. Please go ahead.
 Thanks, and good morning.
 I believe last quarter, you mentioned getting back to maybe 95% occupancy in 2023.
 I'm just curious if there perhaps may be upside to that target.
 Just give it...
 And I guess the expedition get to 94 by the end of this year.
 I do believe, this is Michael Emerald speaking, of course I believe it's upside down.
 But it's not unrealistic.
 But once you get to 95% across the country,
 You know, it's hard to get higher than that.
 if we brought developments into the rental portfolio
 that were fully leased, maybe, but, you know,
 Once you get to 95% across the country,
 especially given the level of ongoing upgrade activity
 that we engage in in an effort to boost our average in place
 in that rent per square foot over time.
 I even I can't imagine there's great upside above 95% and and it would be
 temporary. In our entire history, even when we were much smaller, focused entirely on
 Toronto, which was a market over which one could argue we had more control, you know,
 97 might have been
 Just a great let we've hit 95 before but it didn't last long
 97 we have achieved, but it was a smaller portfolio, more discreet, not subject to geographic variation.
 So I don't think there'd be a lot on me,
 but maybe some.
 Got it. And maybe just maybe building on the commentary around leasing. I guess we haven't talked too much about it
 and just curious, you know, what you could share with us in terms of, you know, has there
 been a shift at all in any kind of sentiment, you know, maybe it's more specific to your
 user base, but has it been a shift in sentiment in terms of space needs at all just given
 where we're sitting today, I guess, you know, hopefully through the latest wave and through
 I'm just curious if you could provide some color there.
 I don't discern a shift in sentiment among our customers.
 And I also don't discern a material shift in sentiments generally in the urban Toronto
 markets.
 me the urban Canadian markets.
 I think there's perhaps a potential shift in sentiment among the accounting firms.
 There's clearly no shift in sentiment among the law firms, which is interesting.
 The accounting firms being accountants are desperately anxious to reduce occupancy costs.
 I don't think they'll be successful in doing it ultimately, but if there is a shift in
 s-
 sentiment, or at least explicit vacillation, it's with the major accounting firms.
 a lot of their teams are hoping desperately to work from their
 cottage for as long as they can.
 can and as happily as they can.
 That might be a bit of an overstatement, but it's not inaccurate.
 But overall, I don't discern a big shift, certainly among our customers, and indeed,
 I think among the major customers of the conventional office towers in Canada, I think
 The banks are wrestling with minimally engaged employees,
 But I don't think that will ultimately result in their changing their fundamental view towards office space.
 I may be wrong in saying that.
 I certainly have no inside knowledge or at least not much.
 But that's what I sense, one person of influence said to me,
 And we will be talking about hybrid working for another 18 or 24 months, and when that
 18 or 24 months is over, we'll be back to working exactly as we did.
 this person has a tremendous amount of influence
 in relation to the organization he leads.
 Again, can I extrapolate from that across the major user
 segments in the towers? No. Do I think it's safe
 extrapolation? Probably yes. And again, the only sort of vocal
 Faciliters are the major accounting firms.
 They just don't know which ways up and and they're hoping desperately that they can I don't know
 just take it a hell of a lot easier and and not have to and not have to show up
 on site. But the lawyers learned very quickly that while they can function on
 on an emergency basis in that way.
 They can't build legal practices.
 They can't train young people.
 by working from home.
 So they pulled their subway space.
 They put the sublease space on the market really, really quickly in 2020 and they pulled
 bit off the market almost as quickly.
 Got it. Thanks for the call there. I guess maybe just with respect to the well and the space not exercised by Shopify
 What's your sense?
 And you did mention, of course, some discussion that
 underway with other tenants.
 what's your sense of the timing of
 you know, when you may actually have some deal signed
 on that space.
 I would say we're going to start dialogue on the space, serious dialogue with a number
 of parties right away and expect that within the next two or three months we'll have deals
 completed.
 Okay. And just coming back to maybe the ATM, Ceci, I think you mentioned that the guidance
 assumes no further equity issuance or no equity issuance, but yet the ATM is still
 and it's still in use.
 So I'm just curious how should we think about, you know, the use of the ATM in for the URAD.
 You know, the ATM is a tool in our toolbox and it will be one of many ways that we will be funding our activity.
 I don't, you know, we're not going to be raising a significant amount of equity through the
 the ATM. It'll be a small amount, you know, 150 to 250 million. I don't know. It all
 depends on what our cost of equity is.
 So I wouldn't expect it to have a material impact on our forecast.
 No.
 Okay.
 One thing I'd add to that, Pawnee, is I think opportunistic is the right word.
 We see...
 it as long-term an extremely valuable tool for allied in funding development activity
 And in reducing debt with a view to getting to our target levels for debt to EBITDA.
 That's where we...
 see it being immensely valuable to us.
 but what we're not prepared to do, as I've said it,
 you know, at the outset is raised huge amounts of equity below NAB per unit.
 So the extent to which we use it in 2022
 will entirely be governed or largely be governed
 by our trading price relative to our NAB per unit.
 price relative to our NAV per unit.
 And, you know, the faster our trading price approaches the NAV per unit, you know, likelihood
 the more we'll use it.
 And as I say, on an ongoing basis, when we get to what I'll call a fully stabilized trading
 value, whatever that proves to be, I see us using that very significantly on an annual
 basis because the cost of equity is so much lower.
 And because we can issue, if you will, into the market on an entirely discretionary and
 an opportunistic basis.
 The trial run we did in the fourth quarter was extremely successful.
 to my way of thinking.
 We raised $30 million, essentially, which is not a lot of equity at around $44.05 on
 average in a very volatile market.
 This was almost as Omicron hit and introduced an extreme amount of volatility into, well,
 equity markets worldwide.
 And in that context, we were able to raise what for us is a material amount of money
 at a very good weighted average price
 in relation to the trading VWAPs.
 and we were able to do that without disrupting the market
 in any way, shape, or form.
 So for us, it was a great trial run.
 but it didn't represent a huge aggregation of equity.
 on our part.
 But it was a great trial run.
 and we're confident we can use it successfully.
 when our cost of equity reaches a point that we consider acceptable.
 acceptable.
 Thank you.
 one last one for me i know where uh...
 We've hit the 60 minute mark.
 Just on the same property in a YL look, you know, the low to mid-single digit guidance
 for the year, I guess, overall.
 Just curious, how does that sort of roughly break out, you know,
 across your core markets.
 We had some pretty strong results in Montreal, Toronto slipped a little bit, and I guess
 Western Canada was down a bit, but just curious what you can share with us on that.
 Yeah, it would be, you know, well into that range in Central and UDC and then offset by
 continuing softness in Calvary and then in Montreal as we lease up the turnover of
 vacancy. That is a bit of softness in 2022 as it relates to
 the same asset in the Y.
 Thanks very much. I'll turn it back.
 We'll take our next question from Scott Fromson at CIBC.
 Your line is open, please go ahead.
 Thanks and good morning.
 If we can return once again to the well, it sounds like face rates are trending pretty
 strongly on good demand as you get close to full occupancy, how are TIs trending with
 respect to average lease term.
 TI's haven't changed a great deal over the course of our leasing program.
 What's happened most recently, I would say, that's helping us achieve, you know,
 really good rents, is we can physically take people into the building, up to the floors,
 And they can see what they're going to be occupying.
 And that makes a big difference for companies rather than leasing from a plan and leasing
 from renderings, they can physically see what they're going to be sitting in.
 And I think that's helped us achieve higher rents.
 And what about other markets, say Vancouver, especially 400 West Georgia?
 No change in TI's in Vancouver.
 TI's and a little bit of free rent is the order of the day in Calgary, and there's the
 no change in Montreal.
 Okay, just one last question. Are you seeing any backfill vacancy on
 on new developments coming on the market
 in your existing portfolio,
 some of your older buildings.
 No, we haven't needed to cannibalize our existing portfolio to fill any of our development properties.
 I can't think of a single instance where someone is moving out of an existing property into
 into the property with the possible exception of Conrad at King and Spadina, and they'll
 be moving out of one of our best brick and beam buildings in the country into the well
 and backfilling that space is the easiest thing in the world for us to do.
 We're actually looking forward to that.
 I did mention in my speaking notes that there was a 25,000 square foot user at King and
 Spadina, moving to 55,000 square feet, we're getting close to that deal.
 but that is, they're moving to a brick and beam building
 that's being refurbished today on spadina.
 So if that was what prompted the question,
 that's not the case and by the way
 We have users ready to take the 25,000 square feet
 once this tenant makes the move.
 Yeah, so as Michael said, there's nobody that's leaving the portfolio at our expense.
 So that's what I'm a property would be the vacation of IBM that would
 Good.
 Okay.
 That's great.
 That's very helpful.
 Thanks.
 And we'll take our final question from Jenny Ma, a BMO capital market.
 If your line is open, please go ahead.
 Thanks and good morning. I appreciate the color that was provided on what goes into the guidance.
 Just wanted to touch on the Deki Ibidda, when we think about the pathway of what that might
 take.
 Would it more or less resemble the occupancy moves
 that you're expecting.
 So kind of steady where it's been at year end
 for the first half of this year and starting to trend down.
 And then the second part of my question is,
 And you're talking about a target.
 could be zoned in on if you're targeting returning more
 to a 2020 level, sort of in that seven range
 or pre-pandemic sixth range.
 I think the worst case scenario, if I can describe it that way, would see our return
 to target levels of net debt to EBITDA,
 actually trailing our occupancy gain over the course of 2022.
 So I wouldn't see getting to our target levels in 2022.
 I think it'll be in 2023.
 organically, and what gets us there organically, of course, is the introduction of roughly
 $80 million in EBITDA.
 But once that is hitting our statement on a recurring basis, we see ourselves getting
 down into the low sevens, maybe even the high sixes.
 But I don't think we get our debt to EBITDA back to our target, which is, let's call it
 sevens by the end of 2022 unless our cost of equity improves materially and we over-equitize
 as we have done in the past.
 but that I'm not counting on.
 So I think realistically it's going to take us until 23, late 23 to sort of get back to
 to our target range.
 or maybe even early 24.
 Okay, great. That's really helpful. Cecilia, you had mentioned the straight line rent is
 expected to triple this year. I think I heard it right. Could you give us a bit more detail
 on to the timing of how that flows through?
 that would basically be the result of the turnover of vacancy from 2021 being addressed
 in 2022 in the latter half.
 So we'd have significant straight line rent coming online from that.
 Okay, great, second half.
 can have, okay.
 Great.
 That's all for me.
 Thank you.
 With no other questions holding, I'll turn the conference back to management.
 for any additional or closing comments.
 All right, well, thank you one and all for participating
 In our conference call, we will keep you apprised of our progress going forward.
 In the meantime, have a great day.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today's call.
 We thank you for your participation.
 you may disconnect at this time.