 Good afternoon. This is the Coastal Conference Operator.
 Welcome and thank you for joining the Dia 39 Months 2021 Results Conference call.
 As a reminder, all participants unleash an only mode.
 After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 should anyone in the system, during the conference call,
 They may signal an operator by pressing star and zero
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Carlo Rosa.
 Thank you, operator, and good morning or good afternoon to all these participants, to the
 Third quarter 2021 results, as usual, I will make a few comments about the business, more
 And then, Mr. Pedron, the CFO of the company is going to take all of us through the numbers.
 Now, this is the first quarter where we also have Luminex, including our members, so, you
 In order for everybody really to understand how the business is trailing, I'm going to
 make my comment without luminex at the beginning and then I'm going to give some remarks on
 of Luminex performance.
 So if we look at the business at constant exchange rate and without Luminex, in Q3 the
 growth was 10% versus Q3 of 2020.
 If we look at the different technologies,
 clear X vitamin D had an outstanding performance plus 30 percent and we're
 to see that this is the result of a sexual placement in all the different geographies
 primarily U.S. and Europe.
 And the programs that today are driving the success of our clear business of the specialty
 and the stool program together with the TB deployment and the program that we're running
 together with Cayagent to convert and grow the TB franchise around the world.
 vitamin D is down 8.7%, and this is clearly related to the quest loss that happened in
 2020 at the end of 2019 and now it's in full effect starting from this quarter as far as
 molecular is concerned, the business overall grew 5.5 percent versus last year clearly the
 vast majority of the business is COVID related and I'm going to make some comments about
 through the COVID later on.
 Now, if we deep dive into the geographies,
 And we start from Europe.
 Europe grew actually 20% year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter, sorry.
 is including vitamin D, so all in is up 18%.
 COVID molecular is up 30% versus quarter three in 2020,
 And this is due to the fact that, as I think,
 many other operators in this industry have already commented about the European COVID
 business has been more flat and so less affected from volume increase or decrease over the
 last few quarters. We do have an install base of MDX systems, which today fits primarily
 in Italy, in Spain, in France.
 And this is due to the fact that when
 we had to launch the system during the COVID pandemic
 that we clearly gave to these geographies,
 preference of other geographies due to the limitation in number of systems that we could
 manufacturer today that they install base in Europe.
 into primary into hospitals and it is used to
 triage in patients. It is used on symptomatic and therefore today we are not at risk of
 losing some of the volume that typically was related to screening of a symptomatic that
 was happening in the hatred with platforms in the Corlats.
 When it comes to U.S. and Canada, the business overall is flat, but I think we need to read
 between the lines in terms of how technologies are performing.
 is up 36% versus a quarter-three last year. Again, deployment of the hospital
 strategy with the TB product and the stool again and all the specialties that are really
 leading the charge is allowing us to penetrate this segment.
 If you remember, at the end of 2019, we had invested $5 million in creating a dedicated
 for this segment and I think that today we are in the benefit of the fact that we do
 have
 have a menu of products that fit very well in the space.
 The TB is certainly a product that is interesting in this space.
 there is lots of send-out in that space that due to the availability of data as an extent
 now hospitals can bring in house and save money versus send out opportunity.
 So, overall, the clear strategy is working very well in the U.S. that is becoming our
 I'm a primary geographer around the world.
 When it comes to the molecular business in the U.S., it's flat-ish, it's actually decreasing
 I believe 1% versus Q3 last year, and this is due to the fact that there has been a softening
 of volumes clearly from the peak that the industry enjoyed in Q1 of 2021.
 I think what is not worthy is that when it comes to the instrument sales, we are 7 million
 euro down versus last year, and this is explainable by the fact that on the emergency funding
 that was available in 2020 to buy instruments, and now it really dried down, and so today
 Today we are converting, clearly we are not sending systems any longer, we are placing
 system and they are the real rental business model, which is what, as you know, we have
 always been doing before the COVID pandemic and the emergency funds became available.
 So overall, the business is flat, but the clear is clearly very successful in the US.
 Now, if we move to China, year-to-date is plus 28%, quarter-three is plus 5%, so we
 We see that in China there is a recovery compared to the debacle of 2020, although I believe
 that there are a couple of things that are not
 working in the geography.
 First thing is that there is volatility in volume, and this has to do with the fact that
 that in order to fight the pandemic, there are continuous lockdowns in different provinces
 and serious and every time there's a lockdown certainly the routine testing is suffering.
 The second effect that is noteworthy is that we start to see, as everybody else, price
 affected due to the fact that these provincial tender are entering into effect, there has
 been a report which has been issued a couple of days ago by one of the primary research
 firms in the U.S. It was actually saying something interesting about the standards.
 The Diasaurium has been one of the companies that has been on the winning side, so we won
 uh...
 a certain number of provincial tenders, although it is very clear that the pricing structure
 for some of the routine essays, like the thyroid and oncology products that today are really
 suffering, the competition from local manufacturer, the price pressure certainly is very different
 from what we used to enjoy when we were going
 to each hospital offering our product.
 So I believe that as far as China is concerned,
 and as other manufacturers have expressed
 in the last few days.
 I believe that the future for China is quite uncertain and quite difficult really to predict
 what is going to happen in the next few quarters in this geography.
 So I believe that from an overall geographical perspective,
 though today the U.S. to represent 50% of the
 that you're sorry in business and strategically,
 if you remember when we were commenting about the luminous
 acquisition, one of the reasons why we bought Luminex is because we strongly believe that
 The market today guarantees growth, good pricing, and that it works for innovation in the U.S.
 And I assure you it's very well positioned to enjoy this opportunity again through the
 low mean exact position.
 Now, I'm going to talk about COVID a little bit, the elephant in the room.
 So, today, COVID, including luminax, and again, sorry for changing the perimeter, but I think
 is important. COVID for the assuring does represent today 30% of the overall business.
 Here to date the business has been growing nicely around 55%, 57% when it comes to the
 last quarter, it's plus 5%, certainly with different dynamics between the US and Canada
 in Europe, which I've been discussing before, it is quite difficult to predict, in my opinion,
 what...
 what is going to happen to COVID as I think again,
 other operators have been commenting in their quarterly results.
 And so, but today, again, when it comes to Europe, we see a steady demand and when it
 comes to the U.S., we certainly see a decrease in testimonials
 compared to peak of around 30%.
 but the demand is, at this point, relatively flat in the last two to three months.
 Okay, so we now need to really wait and see what is going to happen during the upcoming
 flu season or respiratory season.
 Today I always provided you with also volume, testing volume in terms of manufacturing today
 is a combination of the Diasaurium and Luminex.
 we are shipping roughly one million test amounts
 of COVID, of COVID products.
 Then I'm going to make a comment about Luminex.
 As you know, we have incorporated our Luminex for the full quarter in roughly 90 million
 euros of revenues in the quarter.
 The acquisition has been completed in July since then, and we have started to work with Illuminex
 management on the integration. We have recently announced the new organization
 where we do have now a management team that is a combination of the AISOR and Luminex
 And I just that we have the responsibility to lead the company forward.
 We are completing the integration plan that will be presented to the Board of Directors
 in December, and it is going...
 ...
 to be disclosed as part of the December 17 investor day when in broad terms we're going
 talk about what we intend to do, luminance, and now we intend to leverage all the assets
 that actually Luminex has brought to the Diaspora.
 I make one more comment about the Verigin 2 platform that
 as you know, is one of the key platforms or key technologies that we acquired through
 this acquisition, we intend, we are planning to have a soft launch of the Verigin 2 in
 in 2022, ex-U.S., so in Europe, and then we're going to have all the submissions in the
 the U.S. where we expect to launch the platform in 2023.
 The platform is going to be renamed, so the Virgin 2 name is going to be soon abandoned
 and it's going to be substituted by the new name, which is Liazón Plex, and this is
 to become there because this platform does complete the product portfolio of the ISOR
 I remind you, it's going to be made of the MDX Plus, which will be the platform that
 can offer small plexes, the Liaison Plex, which will be the one that will allow us to
 to develop high complex panels and the areas on that will be the one that we are going to
 used for a decentralization of molecular testing.
 alongside the ARIES platform, which is the legacy
 from Luminex, the legacy platform from Luminex,
 that today has been a successful launch in Europe, sorry, primarily in the U.S. with
 an installed base of roughly 70 systems today placed in some European countries.
 One thing that is worth noting is the fact that when we look at the customer base in
 the U.S. What is very interesting is that Luminex is primarily offering its products
 So I'm talking about the IVD product to the hospital market.
 There are over 700 hospitals that the company is selling to in the U.S.
 And diosaurin has roughly 250 hospitals that we are serving and supporting in the interesting
 part is that only 70 hospitals in the U.S. are overlapping.
 And so we believe that there is a very interesting opportunity for cross-selling products in
 in this hospital base, you know that they are sorry made over the hospital segment 1
 of its primary target to develop the U.S. market.
 The reason why there is no overlap
 between the two companies is because they are so indeed developed, they are used as
 It's on Excel.
 It's on Excel, so it only requires certain testing volumes in immunosc and the hospitals
 that typically were running this volume were large institutions in the U.S. whereas as
 As far as loom index is concerned, they've been serving this market really starting
 from a mid-low-throughput system, which is the Verigine platform, the Verigine 1 platform,
 areas and therefore they traditionally have developed their business in the mid-segment,
 mid-size segment in the U.S., and this provides a phenomenal opportunity, in my opinion, to
 the liaison access as you know we are waiting for the approval of the TBSA on the on the
 access, we already have all the other products, the stool products and the PCP already ready
 to go, and as soon as TB is going to be migrated there, and we expect to hear something from
 Then we are ready.
 We have an available market of over almost 700 institutions that we can go and sell the
 So I'm very excited about this cross-selling opportunity that the Illuminous Acquisition
 has provided to us.
 Now, I think now I'm going to turn the microphone to Pia Giorgio and he's going to take you
 through the financials and then we're going to open up the session, the Q&A session.
 Thank you.
 In the next few minutes, as usual, I'm going to walk you through the financial performance
 of the Australian in the first nine months of 2021.
 And I would also make some remarks on the contribution
 of the third quarter.
 and on the impact of the Loomnex business.
 whose acquisition has been completed on July the 14th.
 Again, please know that we are consolidating a full quarter of luminex into the ESL and
 financials.
 So, for that, I'd like to start with what I believe are the main highlights of this
 period.
 On July the 14th, we closed the Lugnext transaction for a total equity value of $1.8 billion and
 It's starting from Q321.
 Next financials are consolidated into the Australian ones, please let me remind you that the acquisition
 has been financed by a mix of a bank term loan for $1 billion, USD, 5 billion, 10 years,
 zero interest convertible bond for 500 million euro with 2028 maturity.
 The revenue is as reported, so at current exchange rate and with the contribution of about $91
 million euro of the room next business, grew by 41% here to date and 51% in the quarter.
 growth at constant exchange rate and scope of consolidation in the nine years in the
 nine months is 29% and 10% in the quarter.
 These numbers, as we would see, in line with the high range of the guidance that we provided
 in July. Q321 goes margin at 65% is below last year, which close at 68% because of the
 expected dilution of the luminous business.
 The year-to-date margin at 68 cents is substantially in line with 2020.
 Likewise, Ruminant Consolidation is at a dilutive effect
 on Q3 adjusted a bit by margin, which closed the quarter at 41% vis-à-vis 46% of 2020.
 Once again, this is in line with our expectations
 and the guidance we provided back in July.
 Lastly, we keep confirming our ability
 to generate a very healthy free cash flow,
 two hundred and twenty four million euro in the first nine months of the year with an
 increase compared to 2020 of 71 million euro, 46 percent.
 The net financial position is negative for 1.25 billion euro with a 330 million euro
 position.
 positive cash position.
 Let's now go through the main items of the PNL.
 So, September here today is the revenue at 859 million euros by 41% of 249 million
 Europe compared to 2020. Three riders behind this variant, the sales ex-COVID and Luminex
 by 65 million euro of 15%, 17 at constant exchange rate, then we have the contribution
 of COVID sales, which grew by 93 million or 56 percent, and the growth of constant exchange
 which is a difference in scope of consolidation, which accounted for 91 million euro.
 September yesterday's gross margin at 580 million euro grew by 38% compared to last year, closing
 the first nine months of 2021 with a ratio of revenue substantial in line with 2020.
 As said at the beginning of my remarks, the difference with the previous year is mainly
 the reason
 event by the inclusion of the Luminex business in the scope of consolidation.
 This is even more clear when we consider the gross mass generation of the quarter, which
 could...
 that 65% compared to 68% of 2020.
 Let me please remind you that this variance, again, is in line with our expectation and
 the guidance provided.
 September operating expenses at €243 million grew by 24% compared to 2020, with a ratio
 revenues of 28% vis-a-vis 32% of the previous year.
 The increase in the apexation of the third quarter from 28% of last year to 31% of 2021
 is due to the very same reason highlighted for the gross margin.
 reconciliation of Luminax into DSR in numbers.
 Once again, let me remind you that this is in line with what we forecasted, and we are
 are expecting this ratio to diminish as the integration process will move forward, and
 We will deliver the synergies discussed during the call we had when we announced the Luminex
 Thank you very much.
 Year-to-date operating expenses at 23 million euros increased by 12 million euros compared
 to the sphere.
 This variance is almost entirely driven by the one-off expenses related to the acquisition,
 which accounted for about 16 million euro.
 The result of what?
 just said that September EBIT, a 314 million euro, 37% of revenues, is increased compared
 to 2020 by 47% or 101 million new loans.
 Interest expenses at 14 million euro are almost completely driven by the bank, the turn loan
 and the convertible bond to support the room in exquisition.
 Let me please remind you that this number includes about 3.5 million euro of non-monetary interest
 driven by the convertible bond.
 This is just due by, you know, how the IFRS is dictating the way to account for interest
 on a convertible bond, even though let me remind you that the convertible bond with
 was issued with the zero monetary interest rate.
 The tax rate at 24% is sanctioned in line with 2020, which
 close at 23%.
 And this brings us to the meta-result, year-to-date meta-result, at 229 million euros, or 27%
 revenues, which is higher than previous year by 67 million euro or 41%.
 Lastly, 2021 adjusted the bidder at €383m or 45% of revenues, is higher than 2020 by
 almost 50% of 125 million euro.
 the variance at constant exchange rate is positive by 51% with a ratio over revenues
 of 45 percent.
 The adjusted bideration, the quarter, is 41%.
 And it's lower than 2020, which close at 46% because of what we said before, the diluted
 effect of the consolidation of the room next business.
 And as I said before, for the OPEX, let me remind you that this is in line with our
 expectations.
 I want to make
 It's very clear and it's coming from the lower operating leverage and the Luminex business.
 Let me now please move to the free cash flow as usual in the first nine months of the year.
 The group generated 224 million euros of pre-cash flow.
 is at the 153 million euro of 2020.
 could then increase of 46% of 71 million euro.
 As discussed back in July, I believe it is worth underlining that in 2021 we have had
 a much higher tax cash out compared to 2020, 78 million euro, or vis-a-vis 23 million
 new along.
 has been driven mainly by two elements, a different phasing accounting for about 15
 million euro and about 35 million euro driven by the higher profit compared to the previous
 Thank you very much.
 Lastly, let me please move to the 2021 guidance, as usual, at the previous constant exchange
 So, I delighted the performance of the third quarter and what we expect for the remainder
 of the year, the guidance for 2021 has been in place compared to July, in order to make
 the numbers comparable with 2020, we will also provide, as we did in July, a breakdown of
 their avenues between DSR and Illuminax Business.
 So, the new guidance is calling for a total combined revenues increase at around 40%.
 the total combined just to be the margin at around 43%.
 that.
 Besides, just so you know, we're going to talk about this in the next video.
 And I'll see you in the next video.
 Have a good one.
 forecasted to increase at constant perimeter of consolidation
 exchange rate by around 18%.
 For concluding, please remember that the Australian financials are exposed to the U.S. dollar as
 we always remind everybody, and even more so now that the United States represents about
 about 50% of the total group sales.
 Therefore, as a rule of thumb, for your modeling, consider that for every one cent movement
 of the dollar against the euro, the revenue is moved by about 6 million euro on a yearly
 basis. Now let me please turn the light to the operator to open the Q&A session. Thank
 Thank you.
 conference operator. We will now begin the question and answer session. Anyone who
 If you wish to ask a question, may press star and one on your touch-tone telephone.
 To remove yourself from the question,
 If you please press a star and two, please pick up the receiver when asking questions.
 Anyone who has a question may press star and one at this time.
 The first question is from Alexander Berglund with Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Much for taking my question. Actually, it's two. I'll start. I just wanted to get your thoughts on on this kind of recent news on on the
 COVID pill and how you think that might affect testing for COVID, if at all. I mean, I always
 assume you need to have a positive COVID test before taking any pill, but I wanted to check
 If you think that maybe on the margin, it could actually increase some testing as people
 get less cautious and or a few people that are going to be more resistant to vaccine
 might might can consider not taking a booster shot so that was my first question and I'll
 I'll let you answer it and I'll follow up with another one.
 Yes, I'll take the question look.
 You know, the data announced the pills, I think the whole industry lost over 5%.
 And the company that is making the mRNA for the vaccine lost 19 percent that day.
 So I think there has been a lot of overreaction when it comes to testing, as you said, a
 So you don't get, this is not an aspirin, so you're going to get it under medical advice
 advice and you're going to get it once there is a confirmation that you have your contractor
 To be honest with you, I don't think that when it comes to volumes, testing volume,
 this is going to have a positive or a negative effect more than I believe the fact that the
 vaccination and the fact that now the boost is going to be made available. Certainly it's going
 to affect the testing volume I believe next year, especially when it comes to the asymptomatic
 testing.
 Right?
 Let's not forget that a lot of testing and testing volume came from asymptomatic testing.
 There is a testing that will remain,
 It has to do with the fact that everybody admitted to a hospital is going to get tested.
 You're going to have professional testing, you're going to have airline testing, da-da-da-da-da.
 But believe me, I'm not losing sleep on the effect that the pill is going to hit on the
 in the COVID business, as said, is going to be affected by other factors.
 Thanks, thanks for that and then you're kind of moving on to to kind of the base business. I
 I mean, I had a couple of feedback today that, you know, some people were kind of expecting
 a bit more about the recovery of the base business, especially if you can look at it
 compared to 2019, so looking at non-COVID, you know, we're just going to get kind of
 your sense and you kind of mentioned a little bit of what's been going on but
 If, you know, how are your kind of expectations of kind of non-COVID business recovery and
 And how are you seeing any kind of inflection points in the trends given now that we are
 already quite far into the fourth quarter. If there's anything you can comment on that,
 about how it's doing right now.
 You are referring to 2019, look, if you compare 2021 to 2019, I think there are two elements
 that makes the comparison, the overall business comparison difficult.
 The first one is that we are missing a very large vitamin D contract that now the effect
 is going to be felt throughout 2021, and then it's going to go away, clearly.
 The second effect, though, that everybody is forgetting is the fact that in 2019 we had
 that FT still, an Eliza business that was coming from Siemens, 2019 was the year when
 we are still shipping the Eliza that we did not convert to the Liaison and all that business
 is pretty much evaporated in 2021.
 So this is why I keep saying if you really
 You need to look at the component of the business which has to do with the clear growth.
 You need to look at vitamin D and in the vitamin D element
 As I said, minus 8.7%, there is a negative effect of quest
 and a positive effect, though, the fact that some of the, um,
 both the impact of COVID and COVID testing for vitamin D on patients, and then clearly
 you have all the molecular part, which has to do with COVID.
 So I don't understand why you are not,
 You don't see the growth of the base business because to me it's exactly the opposite when
 it comes to the Excel 440 placements here today, so again, it's going to be, we're going to
 replacing over 550 systems considering a slow down of China, which is telling you that placements
 are not slowing down in the other geographies actually, they are picking up the clear business
 and again, and the success of some of the programs we are conducting together with some
 Some of the partners, like the Cajun or internal development products, is growing very, very
 nicely and on top of it, when it comes to the base business, we are a weeks away from
 launching the MIMET essay, you know, we are the only
 company that will be able to carry that product on the platform.
 And I'm very excited about that, last but not least, as I did comment on the Liaison
 We have 700 hospitals in the U.S. and today they are shorting customers and we are on
 the verge of launch in the areas on excess in the US with TV and the rest of the menu.
 So I'm very excited to be on this video about the Bayes business.
 Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
 Carlo, if you can just add a comment for the benefit of Anex.
 You know, usually we'll always look at the CLIAX 5MD index
 COVID is a proxy of how the base business is going and I believe I didn't mention it
 in my remarks, but if I look at Q3 data, clear X vitamin D and X COVID over 2019, that is
 It's growing by almost 20% at constant exchange rate, 19% deeper size.
 So this just to confirm all of your comments on the growth of the base business.
 Thank you
 The next question is from Hugo Solvay with Exambian people about please go ahead
 Hi, guys.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 I have one on Verigin 2.
 Callo, you mentioned in the call of 2023 US launch.
 Can you maybe give us a bit more detail
 on the exact timeline and staging for this launch
 should we assume that, similar to Europe,
 You will have a soft launch period in the US during which you will probably upgrade existing
 customers so just wondering when we should expect sales to kick in from the U.S. from
 of the region too. And what menu would you expect to have by 2023 in the US and in Europe?
 And one question on China, China is up 5%.
 And you maybe remind us here what business lines are impacted and what should we expect
 the recovery. And one last on the margin. Use three parts for us. Luminex on the top
 can you maybe help us understand what are the moving parts on the
 on the EBDA margin and what would that be in the margin excluding luminex.
 Thank you.
 Okay in terms of colors on the verging tool or the liaison plaques launch. I think you would need to wait
 until the December 17 investor day because I believe we are going to be more specific
 about this. Today there are five panels that are in development, the respiratory included
 clearly, which has been extended to the COVID product.
 You have the blood culture, three panels.
 You have the GI panel and then you have the CNS panel that is the one that was where
 where Lumina started development later than the other,
 The venues about the Virgin 2 is that the company intended to start launching the products
 starting from the end of this year,
 but due to the fact that the manufactureability of the cartridge
 And the instrument is not where it should be in terms
 of being able to face the demand that we foresee
 for this instrument, we decided that we want to make an investment into bringing up all
 the lines that today are sitting in Chicago, not validated, moving away from manual manufacturing
 into the manufacturing line that is validated and is the final manufacturing line, and this
 certainly is generating delays with the video launch,
 but we also believe by the same token
 that is guaranteeing a more robust product.
 As far as the good news is concerned,
 that product development has continued in parallel and now rather than launching the
 system with just one panel we plan to have the completion of the menu happening very
 rapidly after launch. Certainly, this is the benefit of the delay in the cartridge and
 system from an industrial point of view, but again, in terms of positioning, in terms of
 I think you need to wait a few weeks until we unveil everything at the investor's day.
 As far as China is concerned, plus 5%, look, as I said, there are three things that are
 happening today and they're not happening today as sorry and I think that I already I heard few
 few calls from other companies and everybody is pointed in the same direction and is price
 and his protectionism of the government
 is a bit local suppliers. When it comes to price, we already did comment on that. There
 is an effect of provincial tenders which is really a reset in the base for some of the
 in two products, when it comes to the protectionism of the Chinese government, well, you can
 the financial time, but it's very clear that today there is a preference of the Chinese
 government to the Chinese suppliers and when possible there has been an acceleration of
 a strategy that, if you remember, was set in place with a target date of 2030 of having
 50% of the medical supplies made in China.
 I believe that there is today a desire and an ambition to actually make this happen much
 faster than we thought, and as far as we are concerned, and as far as how this is going
 to affect the business.
 Look, I think short-term there is going to be an effect of the business, Chinese business,
 because there is really nothing you can do
 if a provincial tender is asking you
 to be a Chinese manufacturer, and you're not.
 And so you are excluded from the standard by the same token.
 I believe that we've initiated, as you know,
 over a year ago the construction of a manufacturing site in Shanghai which is proceeding and I
 believe that what this is teaching to all of us is that you cannot be half pregnant in China,
 So you have to be perceived as a Chinese local supplier
 with products that are also directed to the Chinese market, which in some cases are different
 from what we offer in the U.S. and in Europe.
 So fundamentally, I believe that we are at the crossroad today.
 We're either you decide that you develop a Chinese brand with Chinese products or you're
 going to be strategically excluded from that market and so the discussion we're having
 internally is that we really need to develop our strategy to go behind what we had in mind
 and developing a Chinese set of products and Chinese manufacturer product just dedicated
 to the Chinese market.
 I believe, Carlo, there was a question on margins, so I will take it for Luminext, so
 So we are not going to disclose a detailed margin for the room next piece that's going
 forward but if you just do some reverse engineering on Q3 numbers that compare
 to Q3 2020, what you would see is that Luminux gross margin for the quarter is around, let
 Let me say 55-60% compared to the usual margin, which was 68-69%.
 And if you go down to the beta level for the quarter,
 and you do a similar reverse math,
 you would get to a number which is around 25%.
 Again, this is quarter one.
 disease without including all the synergies which we discussed about and which we will
 come from the integration process of the two companies.
 One last comment, this is a touch better than what we modeled and what we used for our guidance,
 So I believe that, you know, we are absolutely comfortable with the numbers we're seeing.
 Thank you very much.
 And just a quick follow-up on those synergies, given that the regime to launch is not expected
 a bit more far out in 2022 and 2023, should we expect the impact from those synergies
 to kick in a bit later than you usually thought.
 Thank you.
 I believe you.
 Yes, yes, I would take it.
 I believe we would, again, we will be more detailed and we will give more information
 during the capital market day, which is going to happen one month from now, but when we
 We did our modeling in terms of synergies we gave a number which, if I remember, was
 $55 million on the cost side.
 we didn't put any kind of, we didn't share any kind of number
 in terms of revenues on the top line.
 So, I don't believe that, you know, any discussion we're having on verging tool is going to affect
 at our synergies on the integration process side,
 quite the opposite in terms of revenue side.
 I believe Karl commented pretty well about, you know, the good opportunities we see from
 from the 700 or so hospitals to which we can go and offer our access with our menu, which
 was not included in our modeling and not in the synergies we gave.
 So, you know, I still, I don't think that this comment on the origin is going to have
 any effect on how we see the business going forward.
 Okay, thank you very much
 The next question is from Maya Pataki with Kepler. Please go ahead.
 Yes, good evening.
 questions from my side, please, if I may.
 And Carlo, you are, you know, you're moving up the revenue guidance to the uprand of where
 we were in H1, and yet, you know, when I listen to your comments about COVID testing and volumes,
 It doesn't really sound like you changed your view very much.
 trying to understand what is the reason that you expect now to come in at the
 the upper end of the guidance.
 if you could just share some thoughts on that.
 The second question is, as usual, about the point of care rollout that you're doing in
 Can you give us some feedback on how it's going?
 What is the feedback?
 what is the demand that you're seeing for that product
 And then I'll follow up with the third one.
 I'm going to make a qualitative comment and then PG can actually add to this.
 So it's not, I believe that when, let me say the visibility that we have today with COVID
 versus what we had when we actually gave a guidance is really allowing us to be more
 I'll see you in the next video.
 and I think it's fair to say that compared to a gloomy scenario
 that could have been possible.
 and some have anticipated with COVID in this flu season,
 I believe that quarter three was higher than everybody in the industry was anticipating.
 I believe, Maya, that the big question mark still is in Q4, but not necessarily whether
 Q4 is going to be lower than Q3, the question is whether Q4 is going to be higher than Q3
 or not, and the impact of the differential diagnosis vis-à-vis the respiratory system,
 So everybody coughing from one with some fever will have to go through some sort of differential
 diagnosis and the question is, in those countries like the U.S. where there is an extended, I
 I think a viability over the counter testing,
 believe that that volume is going to be captured primarily by the over-the-counter test in other
 geographies where the over the country like in Europe did not really pick up
 because not sponsored by the government, you're going to have an increase in testing volume
 because it's going to be done in laboratories
 where all the traditional operators are operating.
 So this explains, in my opinion, now the comfort
 that we have on the upper end of the guidance.
 But PG, do you want to add more?
 No, Carlo, that's exactly right.
 I mean, the rise in the guidance is coming from a better Q3,
 mainly driven by COVID.
 If you do the reverse engineering,
 what you would find out is that in Q4,
 what we are expecting in terms of revenues
 is a similar number to the one we saw in Q3.
 and with a bit of margin of around in the quarter of 41%.
 So, it's the visibility we're having is the actual, as you said, is the better says COVID
 says we're in Q3.
 Maybe just a quick follow-up.
 Colleen Carly, you have been fairly negative in the first half of the year on what you
 anticipate to happen with the COVID pricing. Can you just comment whether you start to see some
 and pricing pressure on COVID testing,
 or whether that still hasn't really materialized.
 No, up to today we have not seen any price effect, but this is because in the primary
 geography is where we operate there has not been a reduction in reimbursement so in the US
 reimbursement continues to be same level as before. In Europe, in Italy, we're
 again a second largest geography for us the government with the emergency
 the decrease is actually the one buying the products at a fixed price from the difference
 so that will guarantee that there is no price erosion.
 Spain is very similar where we have contracts for the time being the price stays as is so
 So I do not expect in Q4 price effect with one exception, which is on the overall one
 is the mix because, as you well know, in Italy and in Europe, we sell COVID at 20-25% price
 discount compared to what we offer it in the U.S. and this is, again, is to do with a different
 environment system in the U.S.
 If I can move to the Liaison IQ, which I think is your question, the program is proceeding
 in Italy, but I have to tell you that there is a problem, and the problem has to do with
 pricing, because I believe that there has been an overflow of products made in China that
 been flooding the European market since we don't have the UA approval system that I believe
 There's a shelter, the US, from this.
 Today you can go to a pharmacy and Chinese are offering these products lateral flow without
 much sophistication at 1.3 euro.
 So you're getting to a point where you need to make a decision vis-à-vis do you want
 to make money or not on this lateral flow.
 And if you just sell it in the European market,
 I believe that the situation is very different
 when it comes to the U.S.
 where I believe one of the primary companies providing this is using $9 as an end user
 price.
 So if you operate in Italy today you want to really decide if this is worth or not and so
 So, for the time being, we have been disciplined in terms of only providing this system to
 those pharmacies that appreciate the technology added value that we provide, so not a simple
 strip, but the instrument, the traceability and so forth, but certainly the opportunity
 is shrinking unless you accept a dumping on price which is not what you know we are famous
 for.
 Okay. Thank you for that. And maybe it's my last question now I remembered and sorry.
 I was wondering if you could give us some qualitative statements around the growth in
 Luminex and Q3 for the various, you know, businesses.
 If you don't want to attach numbers, that's fine.
 but just give us a bit of a feeling how things are going.
 Okay, I'm not going to touch numbers and I'll give you a feeling. How about that?
 Okay.
 Okay, first you need to take in consideration that when you are comparing a Q3 to Q3, in
 this company you're really comparing for certain product lines apples with oranges and let me
 explain you why. In a quarter to three
 last year. So this company as far as COVID is concerned has three products of which one
 of the areas which are the single plaques. The other one is as I related with verging
 one and verging two, which were Plex panels.
 Certainly, these Plex panels are very manual, and they do not stand vis-a-vis products which are
 offered by competition.
 But back then, I remember there was shortage all over the place, so hospitals that had
 They're verging one platform or the next tag, they were actually taking whatever companies
 were making available at them. So there has been a spike back then that today is not repeated,
 And notwithstanding the fact that there is a COVID testing
 simply because they migrated away from these more manual solutions to more
 automated solutions, okay?
 So as far as, so you need to clean the numbers of the company if you compare to Q3 last
 here from this spike effect that is not repeated.
 If you take that away and you look at the Plex business,
 And this is fairly stable.
 And this is one of the reasons why, again, we bought this company, because there is one
 hundred and twenty million dollars of business ex-COVID, ex-COVID effect between Vergin
 to an extract that is a nice, solid business
 and it's a business where we tend to build clearly growth
 for with the launch of the Vettigin tool, Leason Plex.
 When it comes to the areas, I believe that compared to last year, we are miles better
 than where we were and this is to the fact that we have been able, the company has been
 able really to bring up the manufacturing volume and stability in manufacturing.
 And today we are really serving, we are selling like around 230,000 to 140,000 tests a month
 of this, of the cartridge back then, I think they were at 50,000, and so you understand
 that there is, and not because there was no demand, but because there was no ability to
 manufacture at that point. So that component is doing well and also we keep placing some
 of the ARI system in Europe and in the US.
 So that is proceeding fine.
 When it comes to the LTG business, it's booming.
 I mean, if you look at the growth versus last year is around 20 percent and the reason is
 that there is, you know, this business is not a life science business, and during the
 And when we're going to have the investor day, we're going to clarify this.
 There's nothing to do with lifetimes.
 This business is fundamentally has to do with the fact that the multiplicity in technology
 that this company invented 25 years ago,
 It has been made available to partners like Temo Fisher,
 biolab biotechnic and so forth with instruments that
 the company makes and the bits and the system have been utilized by these partners to develop
 products in the space of research, clinical research, or like for thermo-fissure warm
 lander in the case of transplant IVD.
 The fact that, clearly, some of these programs have been very successful, if I look, for
 For example, at the thermo-fisher business, when it comes to all the protein testing
 in business, antibody test in business is booming.
 Or when I look at the fact that in life science,
 billions and billions of dollars have been put and will be put into the U.S. especially
 by the past and current administration.
 And that explains why this business is really growing significantly.
 And I see this, again, as an opportunity in some of these fields to work with the partner
 and now launch programs which would include also liaison technology in some clinical spaces
 where we believe the multiplexing plus delia zone technology can really offer an opportunity
 to the department. So, it's a very profitable business, by the way, as you understand, it's
 solid business, this company has been manufacturing for 20 years, so that component I think is
 is performing better than what we expected,
 Can we expect this to be in line in terms of growth, so not dilutive vis-à-vis the
 group, the group of private news growth in the foreseeable future.
 Again, what we're going to be discussing is better and more specific during the investor
 Thank you very much.
 The next question is from Peter Welford with Jeffries.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks for taking my questions. I've just got two left up in place. Firstly, just to
 try to understand with regards to the cost of energy. How much of that 55 million cost
 synergies is potentially, I guess, have to be delayed or slowed down, given the need
 as you said, to invest in the manufacturing improvements that you're doing, or should
 do we regard that as any way of being, if you like, that just being some of this investment
 you're doing in LuminX is more offsetting, if you like,
 upside or near-term upside to that 55 million.
 So guess what I'm asking is, is it the more expensive you
 initially assumed required in the near term, or is that to some extent any way off step
 by conservatism in that original fifty-five million aid.
 Second question, then, is just in regards to the Luminux platform itself.
 I think the ...
 been a lot of discussion around the one of the issues in the image I should use
 these cartridges has been that there's been a reasonably high
 relative to some of the peers, error rates and issues using them.
 Just wondering whether you think the manufacturing changes that you're doing will not also improve
 the error rate, or is this purely focused on the manufacturing and the warning letter,
 and what steps are on the way to potentially improve the reliability, I guess, of the moving
 next system before you roll it out into your name.
 Thank you.
 Okay, so as far as the synergies are concerned,
 We said 55 million and they're gonna come alive
 in the next three to five years.
 I'm very comfortable about the synergies.
 I don't think there's going to be any delay.
 we actually took into consideration the fact that some investments are going to be necessary
 in order to achieve some of these synergies,
 but very comfortable with that number.
 And I don't think there's going to be a delay, and it has nothing to do with the delay on
 verging to manufacture. When it comes to the verging to the cartridge, I think you put
 it in the right term, look.
 be
 This company, when I learned about this company, is that it is still a notch away from being
 an IVD Consolidated Manufacturer, and this is clearly explainable by the fact that if
 If you think about this company, it was actually built around the research, a very successful
 research products. Today still, as said, the hardcore of this company, the Luminex. If that
 business and then the company step in to try to step in to accelerate growth in
 diagnostic buying technologies or buying other companies around the globe, around the U.S.,
 and bringing that IBD well-needed infrastructure to the company.
 The problem I believe that some of the companies that have been bought were small and not necessarily
 properly structured and certainly from a quality, from a quality system point of view, I believe,
 behind what are the expectations in modern IVT.
 I believe the 483 that was actually given to the company had to do with some of these
 delays or some of this, the way that the company was operating, that we are in the process
 of correcting.
 By the way, we have decided that we are going to participate to, anyway, we've been accepted
 to participate to a pilot program that the FDA is issued in the U.S. where nine companies
 are going to be enrolled into a program where the agency, together with a consulting firm
 that the agency has actually selected to use, they're going to be working with the company
 for 18 months and during these 18 months we're going to redesign the quality system and we're
 We're going to redesign it in light of what are the most recent expectations by the agency
 And this, to me, is great because as far as luminance is concerned, it's carefully focused
 doing the people to the program is giving a free access, by the way, to one of the top
 Notch consulting firms that the FDA is putting is making available at North
 cost to the company to redesign the quota system in my expectation is that at the end
 of this process 18 months from now we're going to pretty much exit this program with a very
 modern up-to-date and FDA-blast and quality system, okay?
 As far as the cartridge and what you said, again, I think you are very right, and the
 The problem is that the cartridge we found and the manufacturing system we found, we
 found over here was not really ready to launch a product, it was ready for a prototyping
 launch, which is not a tradition of diasing, you know, being an IBD supplier, we look at
 products, finished products are launched to the market. Also, we are talking about a
 much bigger commercial infrastructure so we would expect the ramp up of volumes to be
 faster than prior with Luminex and we did not feel that we could really go to the to the
 market with manual manufacturing lines and a process that was very cumbersome and prone
 to errors, whereas the company already ordered some fully validated, completely automated
 lines that now we are in process of validating and putting it into operation, and then we
 We are going to conduct clinicals then with a much better process under control.
 So long story short, we always, it's very clear that when it comes to multiplexing, this
 This is not a space where we're going to be pioneering, it's a space that today already
 has good solutions and so the only way in my opinion to make it to that space is with
 with a system that is very solid and stable with the complete panel and what is very attractive
 of the system, in my opinion, is the flexi-concept, the ability to utilize the flexi-concept that
 provides flexibility of the launch of the panels, especially in the European countries
 where you know all their investments are different and also in the U.S. where there has been
 recent pushbacks with the complexity of the panels that are offered by the competition
 Clearly, if you want to make money with a flexi-concept, you better have your manufacturer
 in cost under control because certainly there is a margin effect on the Flexi concept and
 This is why the company more established that today are selling products that cannot really
 go back to that concept they will be killing their business as far as we are
 Another concern we want to have all ducts in a row and the manufacturing cost under control
 before we launch it. So when we launch it, we are going to make money, right?
 Sorry, I won't be subscribed. Thank you very much, very glad.
 The next question is from Scott Bardo with Berenberg. Please go ahead.
 Good evening, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
 So I've got a couple of questions for Pierre George, please, and one high-level question
 for Mr. Rosa.
 I just wonder if you can please qualify.
 I think...
 at the last H1 update, you've provided an implicit guidance for 15% growth for your
 for base business ex-COVID.
 I just wonder if you could now give us an update
 what your expectation is this year on that basis. So outside of the scope of consolidation,
 and X COVID, that would be helpful, please.
 And second question for you, Pierre Georgiou, please.
 So the revenues coming in from Luminex I think were better than we expected and I think you
 talked about performance being pretty, pretty decent there.
 Can you confirm, please, whether Luminex original guidance to the market of $480 million is
 still on track this year and maybe give us a sense of what COVID was for Loom
 next last year, and roughly speaking what you expected to be this.
 That would be helpful and I'll follow up with Carlo in a moment if possible.
 Thank you.
 So, let me start with the first one.
 I believe what we see, as we said before, in case in the guidance, the fact that we are
 and now the high, in the high part of the range
 the range has been driven by better two, three, six,
 and mainly by better COVID case.
 I believe we have commented at length about what we've seen
 the ex-COVID business, which is going very well.
 And in terms of the ex-COVID sales for the SOHB business,
 next time.
 at the end of the year, I believe that what we said in H1 was 15 percent, and they think
 that is still the right number, the way in which we look at it.
 It's there, you know, 1% better, 1% lower, but that's the right number.
 in terms of the guidance for Luminext, the 480 million,
 And I believe we said a few times that when we modeled the aluminum experience, I said
 we
 We didn't take face value, that guy that didn't take face value, the plan that they put together
 in which it was made public in all the filing that followed the acquisition.
 So we didn't use that value, phase value, we used a different one, a lower one, and we
 are a little bit better than what we modeled for this year.
 Then for 2022 and so on, you need to wait until the capital market day when we will be
 …
 more specific.
 In terms of COVID sales, I believe Carlos said that over all in the quarter, we are
 sorry, in plus, COVID sales accounted for 30% of the total world sales.
 And the luminous part of those avenues, you know, we said 91 million euro of luminous
 states in the quarter, I believe,
 a boat park number on the top of my head,
 that the COVID-related states, COVID only, right?
 I'm not taking a respiratory plan.
 of it only is a ballpark 15 million euro out of those 91 million euros.
 That's very helpful.
 Thanks, Pierre Giorgio.
 And a question for you then, Mr. Rosa, please.
 There's been some market speculation about a potential tie-up combination between bone
 Mary and Kaiogen, by a member of Mary, of course, having an immuno-athlete business, Kaiogen,
 of course, being a player in quanta furon.
 So I wonder if you could talk to a little bit about your
 current relationship with kaiogen and whether any combination of these two companies could
 impact your ongoing relationship with quanta-ferro on a line and so forth.
 Thank you.
 Listen, Scott, since I'm in Texas, I think I can use the Fifth Amendment.
 And I will not comment on this rumor and speculation because I think, again, today is a rumor
 and a speculation.
 I can comment on the fact that the relationship today with my good friend Thierry is doing
 very well.
 We believe that in Europe the program today is almost to maturity because together we
 We have been driving the conversion and growth of this business, and today we are working
 on actually, CHIAGEN still works on driving demand, so testing volume now that we have
 almost 400 accounts today that are using the product on our platforms.
 In the U.S., we are at the beginning of the story.
 We had a very successful conversion of one of the two largest labs in the U.S. to the
 technology. We have today a very significant number of hospitals that are using the Excel
 And together with Kayyaj, and we are working, and we are eagerly waiting for the approval
 of the excess because in the U.S. we see the mid-size hospital market as an untapped opportunity,
 a lot of these businesses send out and we can catch the businesses at the price range
 that it really makes Cajun, both parties, very happy.
 I would like just to make one comment, Scott, to the famous 480 million that you were discussing
 about, look, if you look at those 480 million, there are two components to it that they
 non-materialized and actually they were in the expectation of Luminex and when we look
 into it, we decided to de-risk.
 One is to do with the fact that in those numbers you had a verige into launch in 2021, which
 which we know we expected not to happen when we make certain decisions as they are soaring
 about the launch of this product.
 The second thing is the fact that, in that assumption, there was a certain dynamic of
 increase of manufacturing capacity that eventually did not happen and so today the volume is
 It's capped at 230, 240,000 testaments.
 I believe that plan was actually calling for an increase that would have taken the company
 behind that number.
 So, if you really take out these two effects, and if you look at that number, we, I think,
 we are running pretty much to where the company was saying with, I believe, a better mix,
 which may does contribute to profitability,
 which is an LTG performance, which is above expectations.
 Mr. Rosa, there are no more questions registered at this time.
 Okay, operator, thank you, thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining the conference.
 It's now over.
 you may disconnect your telephones.