 Good afternoon. This is the CoScoL Conference Operator.
 welcome and thank you for joining
 the DSR in Nine Months 2021 Results Conference Call.
 as a reminder
 all participants
 and listen-only mode.
 after the presentation
 there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 Should anyone need assistance during the conference call, they may signal an operator by pressing star and zero on their telephone.
 at this time
 I would like to turn the conference over
 to Mr. Carlo Rosa, CEO of the Asforin.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 thank you operator
 And good morning or good afternoon to all these, to the participants, to the third quarter
 2021 results.
 As usual,
 I will make a few comments about the business, more qualitative.
 and then Mr. Pedron
 the CFO of the company
 is going to take all of us through the numbers.
 Now, this is the first quarter where we also have Luminex included in our members.
 So in order for everybody really to understand how the business is trailing,
 I'm going to make my comment without Luminex at the beginning,
 and then I'm going to give some remarks on the Luminex performance.
 So, if we look at the business at constant exchange rate and without Luminex, in quarter
 the growth was 10%
 versus Q3 of 2020.
 I'm going to do.
 If we look at the different technology,
 Clia, ex-vitamin D, had an outstanding performance, plus 30%,
 and we're going to see
 that this is the result
 of a successful placement
 in all the different geographies,
 primarily U.S. and Europe.
 And the programs that today are driving the success of our CLIA business are the specialty
 and the school program together with the TB deployment
 and the program that we're running together with KIAGENT to convert and grow the TB franchise around the world.
 Vitamin D is down 8.7%, and this is clearly related to the Quest loss that happened in 2020 at the end of 2019,
 and now is in full effect
 starting from this quarter.
 as far as
 molecular is concerned, the business overall grew 5.5% versus last year, clearly the vast
 majority of the business is
 COVID-related and I'm going to make
 some comments about the COVID
 later on.
 Now, if we deep dive into the geographies, and we start from Europe, Europe grew actually
 20%
 I don't know.
 career, quarter over quarter, sorry.
 is including vitamin D, so all-in is up 18%.
 COVID molecular is up 30% versus quarter three in 2020.
 This is due to the fact that, as I think many other operators in this industry have already
 We commented about the European COVID business has been more flat
 and so less affected from volume increase or decrease over the last few quarters.
 we do have an install base
 of MDX systems
 which today
 fits
 primarily in
 Italy, in Spain
 in France, and this is due to the fact that when we had to launch the system during the
 COVID pandemic we clearly gave
 to these geographies
 preference over other geographies
 due to the limitation in number of systems that we could manufacture today
 that install base in Europe
 Seeds into, primarily into
 hospitals and it is
 used to triage
 patients
 It is used on symptomatic and therefore today we are not at risk of losing some of the volume
 that typically was related to screening of a symptomatic
 that was happening in the high throughput platforms in the core labs.
 When it comes to U.S. and Canada, the business overall is flat,
 but I think we need to read between the lines
 in terms of how technologies are performing.
 CLIA is up 36% versus a quarter three last year.
 Again, deployment of the hospital strategy with the TB product and the stool, again,
 and all the specialties that are really leading the charge
 is allowing us to
 penetrate this segment.
 And if you remember, at the end of 2019, we had invested $5 million in creating a dedicated
 Salesforce for this segment, and I think that
 today we are reaping the benefit
 of the fact that
 we do have
 a manual product that fits very well
 the space
 the TB
 is certainly a product that
 is interesting in the space today
 there is lots of send out
 in that space that due to the viability
 hospitals can bring in house
 and save money versus send out opportunities.
 so. Overall, the
 a clear strategy is working very well in the U.S.
 that is becoming our primary geography around the world.
 But when it comes to the molecular business in the U.S.,
 is flairish.
 is actually decreasing, I believe, 1% versus Q3 last year.
 And this is due to the fact that there has been a
 softening of volumes clearly from the peak that the industry enjoyed in Q1 of 2021.
 Thank you, everyone.
 I think what is not
 worthy is that when it comes
 to the instrument sales, we are 7 million euro down versus last year, and this is explainable
 by the fact that
 all the emergency funding that was available in 2020 to buy instruments,
 and now it's really dry down.
 And so today we are converting.
 being clear, we are not selling systems any longer,
 their placing system
 and they're really great
 business model, which is what, as you know, we have always been doing before the COVID
 the pandemic and the emergency funds became available.
 So overall, the business is flat, but the CLIA is clearly very successful in the U.S.
 Now, if we move to China, year-to-date is plus 28%, quarter three is plus 5%.
 So we see that in China there is a recovery compared to the debacle of 2020,
 although I believe that
 there are a couple of things that are not
 worthy in the geography.
 The first thing is that there is volatility in testing volumes, and this has to do with
 the fact that in order to fight
 the pandemic, there are continuous
 lockdowns in different provinces and cities.
 And every time there is a lockdown, certainly the routine testing is suffering.
 The second effect that is noteworthy is that we start to see, as everybody else, price
 effect due to the fact that this
 provincial tender are entering
 into effect. There has been
 report which has been issued
 a couple of days ago
 by one of the primary research firms in the U.S.
 it was actually
 saying something interesting about the standards
 they are sorry
 has been one of the companies that has
 been on the winning side, so we won a certain number of provincial tenders, although it
 is very clear that the pricing structure
 for some of the routine assays
 like the thyroid and oncology products that today are really suffering,
 the competition
 from local manufacturers.
 The price structure certainly is very different
 from what we used to enjoy
 when we were going to each hospital offering our products.
 So I believe that as far as China is concerned,
 and as other manufacturers have expressed in the last few days,
 I believe that the future for China is quite uncertain and quite difficult, really,
 to predict what is going to happen in the next few quarters in this geography.
 is growth, good pricing, and a reward for innovation in the U.S., and Diasorin is very
 position to enjoy this opportunity, again, through the Luminex acquisition.
 Now, I'm going to talk about COVID a little bit, the elephant in the room.
 So today COVID, including Luminex, and again, sorry for changing the perimeter, but I think
 This is important.
 COVID for the assuring does represent today 30 percent of the overall business.
 Year-to-date, the business has been growing nicely, around 55%, 57%.
 When it comes to the last quarter, it's plus 5%, certainly with different dynamics between the U.S. and Canada and Europe, which I've been discussing before.
 It is quite difficult to predict, in my opinion, what is going to happen to COVID, as I think, again, other operators have been commenting in their quarterly results.
 And so, but today, again, when it comes to Europe, we see a steady demand, and when it
 comes to the U.S., we certainly see a decrease in
 testing volume compared to peak of around 30 percent, but the demand is at this point
 relatively flat in the last
 two to three months.
 Okay, so we now need to really wait and see what is going to happen during the upcoming
 flu season
 or respiratory season.
 Today, I always provided you with also volume, testing volume in terms of manufacturing.
 And today is a combination of Diasaurin and Luminex.
 We are shipping roughly 1 million tests a month of COVID products.
 Then I'm going to make a comment about Luminex.
 As you know, we have incorporated in our Luminex for the full quarter
 and roughly 19 million euros of revenues in the quarter.
 the acquisition
 has been
 completed in July, since then
 we have started to work with
 Luminex Management on the
 integration.
 we have
 recently announced
 the new organization where we do have now a management team
 that is a combination of
 and Luminex managers that we have the responsibility to lead the company forward.
 we are completing the integration plan
 that will be presented to the Board of Directors in December,
 and it is going to be disclosed
 as part of the December 17th Investor Day,
 when in broad terms
 So we're going to talk about what we intend to do, Luminix,
 and now we intend to leverage all the assets that actually Luminex has brought to Diopsoren.
 I make one more comment
 about the very
 Page 2, Platform Depends on the Internet.
 but as you know, is one of the key platforms
 or key technologies that we acquired through this acquisition.
 we
 intend, we are planning
 to have a soft launch of the Veragin II in 2022,
 ex-US, so in Europe,
 and then we're going to have all the submissions in the U.S.
 where we expect to launch the platform
 in 2023.
 the platform is going to be renamed
 So the Virgin II name is going to be soon abandoned and is going to be substituted by the new name, which is Liazone Plex.
 And this is because this platform does complete the product portfolio of Diasorin that I remind
 is going to be made of the
 MDX Plus which
 will be the platform
 that can offer small plexes, the liaison plex,
 which will be the one that will allow us to develop high complex panels
 and the liaison NESS that will be the one that we are going to use for decentralization of molecular testing
 alongside the Ares platform, which is the legacy from Luminex,
 legacy platform from Luminex that today has been successfully launched in Europe, sorry,
 primarily in the U.S. with an installed base of roughly 70 systems
 to be placed in some European countries.
 One thing that is worth noting is the fact that when we look at the customer base in
 the U.S., what is very interesting is that
 Luminex is a
 primarily offering its products.
 I'm talking about the IBD product, to the hospital market.
 There are over 700 hospitals that the company is selling to in the U.S.
 And Diasaurin has roughly 250 hospitals that we are serving and supporting.
 and the interesting part is that
 only 70
 the hospitals in the U.S. are overlapping.
 and so we believe that
 there is a very interesting
 opportunity for cross-selling products in this hospital base.
 you know that they are made of
 the hospital segment
 one of its primary targets
 to develop the U.S. market.
 the reason why
 there is
 there is no overlap between the two companies
 is because
 they are
 saw indeed develop
 is a
 historic
 base
 a
 using the data on Excel.
 in Excel certainly requires
 a certain testing
 volume
 sin in
 immunoassay and the hospitals that typically were running this volume were large institutions
 in the U.S.
 Whereas, as far as Luminex is concerned, they've been serving this market really starting from a mid-low throughput system, which is the Verigine platform, the Verigine 1 platform, and the Aries.
 Therefore, they traditionally have developed their business in the mid-size segment in the U.S.
 And this provides a phenomenal opportunity, in my opinion, to the liasonics test.
 As you know, we are waiting for the approval of the TBSA on the XS.
 On the XS, we already have all the other products, the stool products and the PC team already ready to go.
 and as soon as TB is going to be migrated there
 and we expect to hear something from the FDA by a year-end.
 Then we are ready.
 we have an available market
 of over almost 700 institutions that we can go and sell the access to.
 So I'm very excited about this cross-selling opportunity
 that the Luminous Acquisition has provided to us.
 Now, I think now I'm going to turn the microphone to Pier Giorgio, and he's going to take you
 through the financials, and then we're going to open up the session, the Q&A session.
 Take care.
 Thank you, Carlo, and good morning, good afternoon, everybody.
 in the next few minutes as usual
 I'm going to walk you through the financial
 performance of PSO in the first
 nine months of 2021.
 and I would also
 make
 and remarks on the contribution of the third quarter
 and on the impact of the Luminex business,
 whose acquisition has been completed on July the 14th.
 Again, please note that we are consolidating a full quarter of Luminex into Diasorin financials.
 So, said that, I'd like to start with what I believe are the main highlights of this
 period. On July the 14th, we closed the
 next transaction for a total
 equity value of $1.8 billion
 dollar and starting from
 2321
 Luminex financials are consolidated into the Australian ones.
 please let me remind you that the acquisition has been financed
 by a mix of a bank term loan for $1 billion USD,
 five-year tenure, and a zero-interest convertible bond for 500 million euros with 2028 maturity.
 revenues as reported
 so at current exchange rate
 and with the contribution of about 91 million euros
 of the Luminex business,
 due by
 41% year-to-date
 and 51% in the quarter.
 The growth at constant exchange rate and scope of consolidation in the nine months is 29% and 10% in the quarter.
 These numbers, as we will see, are in line with the high range of the guidance we provided in July.
 Q321 gross margin at 65% is below last year, which closed at 68% because of the expected dilution of the Luminex business.
 The year-to-date margin at 68% is substantially in line with 2020.
 Likewise, luminex consolidation has had a dilutive effect on Q3 adjusted beta margin,
 which closed the quarter at 41% vis-à-vis 46% of 2020.
 once again
 This is in line with our expectations and the guidance we provided back in July.
 Lastly, we keep
 confirming our ability to generate a very healthy free cash flow 224 million euro in the first nine
 month of the year with an increased
 compared to 2020 of 71 million euro, 46%.
 The net financial position is negative for 1.05 billion euro with a 330 million euro cash position, positive cash position.
 Let's now go through the main items of the P&L.
 So, September, yeah, today,
 Tarebi News
 at 859 million euros
 do by 41% of
 249 million euro compared to 2020.
 three drivers behind
 in this variant, the safe-sex COVID
 and Luminex grew by 65 million euros of 15%,
 17 at constant exchange rate
 Then we have the contribution of COVID sales, which grew by 93 million or 56%.
 The growth of constant exchange rate is 60%.
 Lumin excess, which is a difference in scope of consolidation, which accounted for 91 million
 you're all.
 September year-to-date gross margin at 580 million euros grew by 38% compared to last year,
 closing the first nine months of 2021 with a ratio of a revenue substantially in line with 2020.
 I said at the beginning of my remarks
 the difference with the previous year
 is mainly driven by the inclusion
 of the Luminex business in the scope of consolidation.
 this is even more clear
 when we consider
 the gross margin ratio of the quarter, which closed at 65% compared to 68% of 2020.
 Let me please remind you that this variance, again, is in line with our expectation and
 the guidance provided.
 September operating expenses at 243 million euro
 grew by 24% compared to 2020.
 with a ratio of revenues of 28% vis-à-vis 32% of the previous year.
 The increase in the OPEX ratio of the third quarter from 28% of last year to 31% of 2021
 is due to the very same reason
 highlighted for the gross margin.
 the consolidation of Luminex into DSLR numbers.
 Once again, let me remind you that this is in line with what we forecasted,
 and we are expecting this ratio to diminish
 as the integration process will move forward
 and we will deliver the synergies discussed during the call we had
 when we announced the Luminex deal.
 year-to-date
 operating expenses at 23 million euro increased by 12 million euro compared to last year.
 This variance is almost entirely driven by the one-off expenses related to the acquisition,
 which accounted for about 16 million euros.
 As a result of what you just said, September EBIT at 314 million euros, 37% of revenues,
 as increase compared to 2020 by 47%, or 101 million euro.
 Interest expenses at €14 million are almost completely driven by the bank,
 term loan and a convertible bond to support the Luminex acquisition.
 Let me please remind you that this number includes about 3.5 million euros of non-monetary interest driven by the convertible bond.
 this is just due by
 how the IFRS is dictating the way to account for interest on convertible bond,
 even though let me remind you that the
 convertible bond
 was issued with
 zero monetary interest rate.
 The tax rate at 24% is a sanction in line with 2020, which closed at 23%.
 and this brings us
 to the meta result
 here to rate me at the results
 at 229 milioni
 or 27% of revenues, which is higher than previous year by 67 million euros or 41%.
 Lastly, 2021 adjusted EBITDA at 383 million euros, 45% of revenues, is higher than 2020 by almost 50% or 125 million euros.
 The variance at constant exchange rate is positive by 51% with a ratio over revenues of 45%.
 The adjusted bid duration, the quarter, is 41% and is lower than 2020, which closed at 46% because of what we said before, the dilutive effect of the consolidation of the Luminix business.
 and as I said before
 for the OPEX
 Let me remind you that this is in line with our expectations.
 I want to make it very clear.
 and it's coming from the lower operating leverage in the Luminex business.
 let me know
 please move to the free cash flow
 So, as usual, in the first nine months of the year, the group generated 224 million
 of pre-cash flow vis-à-vis 153 million euro of 2020
 with an increase of 46% or 71 million euro.
 Let's discuss back in July.
 I believe it is worth underlining that in 2021, we have had a much higher tax cash out
 compared to 2020, 78 million euros vis-à-vis 23 million euros.
 the difference has been driven
 mainly by two elements.
 A different phasing accounting for about €15 million and about €35 million driven
 by the higher profit compared to the previous year.
 Lastly, let me please move to the 2021 guidance, as usual, at the previous constant exchange rate.
 so the light of the performance of the third quarter
 and what we expect for the remainder of the year,
 the guidance for 2021
 has been increased compared to July.
 In order to make the numbers comparable with 2020, we will also provide, as we did in July,
 a breakdown of the revenues
 between DSR and Illuminex business.
 So the new guidance is calling for a total combined revenues increase at around 40%,
 and the total combined
 adjusted a bit of margin at around
 43%.
 Besides, the solid revenues are forecasted to increase at constant perimeter of consolidation
 and exchange rate by around 18%.
 Before concluding, please remember that the Australian financials are exposed to the U.S.
 dollar, as we always
 to remind everybody
 and even more so now that the United States represents about 50% of the total group sales.
 therefore
 as I will have
 for your modeling
 and consider that for every one-cent movement of the dollar against the euro,
 just for the revenue
 moved by about 6 million
 euro on a yearly basis.
 Now let me
 Please turn the line to the operator to open the Q&A session.
 Thank you.
 This is the Costco conference operator.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 anyone who wishes to ask a question
 may press star and 1
 on their touchtone telephone,
 To remove yourself from the question queue, please press star and 2.
 Please pick up the receiver when asking questions.
 Anyone who has a question may press star and one at this time.
 the first question is from
 Alexander Berglund
 with Bank of
 America. Please go ahead.
 Thank you very much for taking my
 question. Actually, it's two.
 I'll start.
 I just wanted to get your thoughts on this kind of recent news on the COVID pill
 and how you think that might affect testing for COVID, if at all.
 So, I mean, I always assume you need to have a positive COVID test before you're taking
 any pill but I wanted to check if
 If you think that kind of maybe on the margin,
 it could actually increase some testing as people get less cautious
 or people that are kind of a bit more resistant to the vaccine
 might, might can consider
 not taking a booster shot
 so that was my first question
 and I'll let you answer it and I'll follow up on another one.
 Yes, I'll take the question.
 Look, you know, the day they announced the pill, I think the whole industry lost over
 5%.
 the
 company that is making the mRNA for the vaccine lost 19% that day.
 So I see there has been a lot of overreaction when it comes to testing.
 As you said, this is not an aspirin, so you're going to get it under medical advice, and
 you're going to get it once there is a confirmation that you have contracted COVID.
 it. To be honest with you, I don't think that when it comes to volumes, testing volume,
 this is going to have a positive or a negative effect
 more than I believe the fact that the vaccination and the fact that now the
 boost is going to be made available certainly is going to affect the testing
 in volume, I believe, next year,
 especially when it comes to the asymptomatic testing, right?
 because let's not forget that a lot of testing and testing volume came from asymptomatic testing.
 There is testing that will remain.
 will remain. It has to do with the fact that
 everybody admitted to a hospital you're going to get
 tested, you're going to have professional
 testing, you're going to have
 airline testing, da-da-da-da-da.
 But believe me, I'm not losing sleep on the effect that the pill is going to have on the business.
 I think the COVID business, as said, is going to be affected by other factors.
 Thanks.
 Thanks for that.
 to kind of the base business, I mean, I had a couple of feedback today that, you know,
 some people were kind of expecting a bit more kind of of the recovery of the base business,
 especially kind of if you can look at it compared to 2019, so looking at non-COVID.
 You know, I was just going to get kind of your sense
 and you kind of mentioned a little bit of what's been going on,
 But if, you know, how are your kind of expectations of kind of non-COVID business recovering?
 and how are you seeing any kind of inflection points in the trends
 given now that we're already quite far into the fourth quarter.
 If there's anything you can comment, comment on that.
 how it's doing right now.
 You are referring to 2019.
 Thank you.
 if you compare
 For 2021 to 2019, I think there are two elements that make the comparison, the overall business
 comparison difficult.
 The first one has said we are missing a very large vitamin D contract,
 that now the effect is going to be felt throughout 2021.
 and then it's going to go away, clearly.
 Okay.
 The second effect, though, that everybody is forgetting is the fact that in
 In 2019, we had FT Still, an ELISA business that was coming from Siemens.
 In 2019, it was the year when we are still shipping the ELISA that we did not convert to the liaison.
 and all that business
 pretty much evaporated
 in 2021.
 one.
 So this is why I keep saying, if you really look at the, you need to look at the component
 of the business
 which has to do with the clear, the clear growth, you need to look at vitamin D, and
 In the vitamin D element, as I said, minus 8.7%,
 Again, there is a negative effect of Quest and a positive effect, though, of the fact
 some of the positive impact of COVID and COVID testing
 for vitamin D on patients.
 and then clear
 you have all the molecular part which has to do with
 with COVID.
 So I don't understand why you are not, you don't see the growth of the base business
 because to me it's exactly the opposite
 when it comes to the Excel 440 placements year-to-date.
 So again, it's going to be we're going to be placing over 550 systems,
 considering a slowdown of China
 which is telling you that placements are not slowing down
 In the other geographies, actually, they are picking up the clear business, and again,
 and the success of some of the programs
 we are conducting together with some of the partners like the Cajun or internally developed
 products is
 growing very very nicely
 and on top of it when it comes to the base business
 we are weeks away from launching
 In the MIMED SA, you know, we are the only company that will be able to carry that product on the platform.
 and very excited about that.
 last but not least, as I did
 comment on the liaison access. We have 700 hospitals in the U.S. that today are diazorin
 customers, and we're on the verge of launching the liaison access in the U.S. with TB and
 and the rest of the menu.
 So,
 So I'm very excited, to be honest, with you about the Bayes business.
 Thank you very much.
 Appreciate it.
 Carlo, if you can just add a comment for the benefit of Alex.
 You know, usually we've always looked at the Clia X, vitamin D, and X-COVID as a proxy of how the business is going.
 and I believe I didn't mention it in my remarks
 but if I look at Q3 data,
 clear
 X, vitamin D, and that's
 COVID over the 2019
 is growing by almost 20%.
 at constant exchange rate, 19% to be precise.
 that.
 So this is just to confirm all of your comments on the growth of the base business.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from Hugo Solvay with Exam BMP Paribas.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, guys.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 I have one on Verigine 2.
 Carlo, you mentioned in the call
 the 2023 U.S. launch.
 can you maybe give us a bit more detail on the exact
 timely timelines and phasing for this lunch should we assume that similar to europe you will have a
 soft launch period in the U.S. during which you will probably upgrade existing customers, so
 Just wondering when we should expect sales to kick in from the U.S. from the region too.
 and what menu would you expect to have by 2023 in the Europe, in the US and in Europe?
 And one question on China.
 China is
 up 5%
 can you maybe remind us here
 what business lines are impacted
 and how should we expect the recovery.
 and one last
 on the margin, use three parts for us, Luminex on the top line, but can you maybe help us understand
 what are the moving parts
 on the EBITDA
 margin and what would have been
 the margin, excluding Luminex. Thank you.
 Okay, in terms of colors on the Virgin 2 or the Liaison Plex launch, I think you will need to wait until the December 17th investor day because I believe we're going to be more specific about this.
 what I
 today
 There are five panels
 that are in development, the respiratory included clearly, which has been extended to the COVID
 product. You have
 the blood culture
 three panels
 You have the GI panel, and then you have the CNS panel.
 That is the one that was where Luminex started development later than the other.
 the
 the bad news
 about the Virgin 2 is that the company intended to start launching the product starting from
 the end of this year, but
 due to the fact that the
 manufacturability of the
 cartridge and the instrument is not where it should be in terms of
 being able to face the demand that we foresee for this instrument,
 and we decided that we were to make an investment
 into bringing up all the lines that today are sitting in Chicago,
 or not validated, moving away from manual manufacturing into the manufacturing line
 And it is validated and is the final manufacturing line and this certainly is generating delays
 delays vis-a-vis the launch, but we also believe by the same token it is guaranteeing a more
 robust product.
 As far as the good news is concerned, is that product
 development has continued in parallel, and now rather than launching the system with
 just one panel, we plan
 to have
 the completion
 of the menu happening very rapidly after launch.
 Certainly, this is the benefit of the delay in the cartridge and the system availability
 from an industrial point of view.
 But again, in terms of positioning, in terms of expectation,
 I think you need to wait a few weeks until we unveil everything at the Investor Day.
 China is concerned plus five percent. Look, I said that there are two, there are three things
 that are happening today, and they're not happening today, I'm sorry, and I think that I already,
 i heard few few calls from other companies and everybody is pointing to the same direction and is
 price
 and his protectionism of the government
 with the local suppliers when it comes to price,
 We already did comment on that.
 There is an effect of provincial tenders, which is really resetting the base for some of the two products.
 When it comes to the protectionism of the Chinese government,
 well you can read the financial time
 but is very clear
 that today there is a
 preference of the Chinese government to the Chinese suppliers when possible.
 There has been an acceleration of a strategy that, if you remember, was set in place with
 a target date of 2030 of having 50 percent of the medical supplies made in china i believe that
 that there is today a desire and an ambition
 to actually make this happen
 much faster than we thought.
 and as far as we are concerned
 And as far as how this is going to affect the business, look, I think short term, there
 There is going to be an effect of the business, Chinese business, because there is really
 nothing you can do if a provincial tender is asking you to be a chinese manufacturer and you're not
 and so you are excluded from the standard by the same token I believe that we've initiated as you
 know, over a year ago, the construction of a manufacturing site in Shanghai, which is
 proceeding and I believe that
 what this is teaching to all of us
 is that you cannot be half pregnant in China,
 So you have to be perceived as a Chinese local supplier with products that are also directed to the Chinese market, which in some cases is different from what we offer in the U.S. and in Europe.
 So fundamentally, I believe that we are at a crossroad today.
 where either you decide that you develop a Chinese brand
 with Chinese products, or you're going to be strategically excluded from that market.
 And so the discussion we're having internally is that we really need to develop now a strategy
 it goes behind what we what we had in mind and developing a chinese set of products and
 and Chinese manufacturer product
 just dedicated to the Chinese market.
 I believe, Carlo, there was a question
 on margins, so I will
 take it for Luminex
 So we are not going to disclose a detailed margin for the Luminex business going forward.
 But if you just do some reverse engineering on Q3 numbers,
 comparing to Q3
 2020
 Currently, what you would see is that Luminex gross margin for the quarter is around, let
 let me say, 55%, 60% compared to the USR unusual margin,
 which was 68%, 69%.
 And if you go down to the beta level for the quarter,
 and you do a similar reverse math,
 you would get
 to a number which is
 around 25%.
 Again, this is quarter one.
 disease without
 including all the synergies which we discussed about
 and which will come from the integration process
 of the two companies.
 one last comment
 this is a touch better than
 what we modeled and what we used for our guidance.
 And so I believe that, you know, we are absolutely comfortable with the numbers we're seeing.
 okay thank you very much
 And just a quick follow-up on those synergies,
 given that the regime to launch is now expected a bit more far out in 2022 and 2023.
 should we expect
 the
 the impact from those synergies
 to kick in a bit later than you usually thought.
 Thank you.
 I believe you all.
 yes, yes, I will take it
 I believe, again, we will be more detailed and we will give more information during the Capital Market Day,
 which is going to happen in one month from now.
 but when we did our modeling
 in terms of synergies we gave
 a number which, if I well remember,
 It was $55 million on the cost side.
 And we didn't put any kind of, we didn't share any kind of number in terms of revenues on
 the top line.
 I don't believe that, you know, any discussion we're having on Veraging 2 is going to affect our synergies on the integration process side.
 quite the opposite in terms of
 That's what I mean to say.
 that I believe
 Carl
 commented pretty well about, you know,
 the um good opportunities we see from the 700 or so uh hospitals to which we can go and offer our
 access with the
 our menu, which was not included in our modeling
 and all in the synergies we gave.
 So, you know, I still don't think that this comment on the origin
 is going to have any effect on how we see the business going forward.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question is from Maya Pataki with Kepler.
 please go ahead
 Yes, good evening.
 three questions from my side
 please if I may
 Um, Carlo, you are, you know, you're moving up, uh, the revenue guidance to the uprend
 of where we were in age one.
 And yet, you know, when I listen to your comments about COVID testing and volumes,
 it doesn't really sound like you changed your view very much.
 So I'm trying to understand what is the reason that you expect now to come in at the upper end of the guidance.
 If you could just share some thoughts on that.
 The second question is, as usual, about the point-of-care rollout that you're doing in Italy.
 Can you give us some feedback on how it's going?
 what is the feedback
 What is the demand?
 that you're seeing
 for that product, and then I'll follow up with the third one.
 I'm going to make a qualitative comment, and then PG can actually add to this.
 So it's not
 I believe that when
 let me say the visibility
 that we have today
 with COVID versus what we had
 when we actually gave the guidance is really allowing us to be more precise.
 I think it's fair to say that
 compared to a gloomy scenario
 that could have been possible
 and some is
 as I have anticipated with COVID in this flu season.
 I believe that the quarter three was higher than everybody,
 Everybody in the industry was anticipating.
 I believe that the big question mark still is in Q4,
 Q4, but not necessarily
 whether Q4 is going to be lower than Q3.
 The question is whether Q4 is going to be higher than Q3 or not.
 And the impact of the differential diagnosis vis-à-vis the respiratory system, right?
 so everybody coping from now on with some fever
 we'll have to go through some sort of differential diagnosis and the question is in those countries
 like the U.S., where there is an extended, I think,
 viability of over-the-counter testing i believe that that volume is going to be captured primarily
 by the over-the-counter
 test in other
 in other geographies
 where they're over the country
 like in europe did not really pick up because not sponsored by the government and you're going to
 have an increase in testing volume
 because it's going to be done in laboratories
 where all the traditional operators are operating.
 so these
 explains, in my opinion,
 the now the
 comfort that we have on the
 on the apparent
 of the guidance, but PJ, do you want to add more?
 No, Carlo, that's exactly right.
 I mean, the rise in the guidance is coming from a better Q3, mainly driven by COVID.
 if you do the reverse engineering
 what you would find out is that in Q4,
 What we are expecting in terms of revenues is a similar number to the one we saw in Q3
 and with a bid margin of around in the quarter of 41%.
 So the visibility we have in Q3, I mean, it's the actual, as you said,
 is the better COVID stage we had in Q3.
 Maybe just a quick follow-up.
 Karla, you have been fairly negative in the first half of the year
 on what you anticipate to happen with the COVID pricing.
 Can you just comment whether you start to see some pricing pressure on COVID testing or whether that still hasn't really materialized?
 No.
 No. Up to today, we have not seen any price effect,
 but this is because in the primary geographies where we operate,
 There has not been a reduction in reimbursement.
 So in the U.S., reimbursement continues to be the same level as before.
 in Europe, in Italy
 We're, again, the second largest geography for us.
 the government with the emergency decree
 is actually the one buying the products
 at the fixed price
 from the different suppliers so that will be guaranteed that there is no price erosion spain
 a very similar where we have contracts where for the time being the price stays as is so i do not
 expect in q4 price effect with one exception which is on the overall one is the mix because as you
 well know in in italy and in europe we sell covet at 25 20 25 price discount compared to what we
 offer it in the u.s and this is again is to do with a different reimbursement system
 in the U.S.
 If I can move to the liaison IQ, which I think is your question
 the program is proceeding in Italy but I have to tell you that there is a
 problem and the problem has to do with pricing because I believe that there has
 been an overflow of products made in China that have been
 flooding the European market
 Since we don't have the EUA approval system that I believe has sheltered the U.S. from this,
 Today, you can go to a pharmacy, and the Chinese are offering these products lateral flow without much sophistication at 1.3 euro.
 So you're getting to a point where you need to make a decision vis-a-vis do you want to make money or not on this lateral flow.
 and if you just
 sell it in the European market
 I believe that the situation is very different when it comes to the U.S.,
 where I believe one of the primary companies providing this
 is using $9 as an end-user price.
 So if you operate in Italy, today you want to really decide if this is worth or not.
 And so for the time being, we have been disciplined in terms of only providing this system to
 those pharmacies that appreciate the technology added value that we provide, so not a simple
 strip but the instrument
 the traceability, and so forth.
 but certainly the opportunity is shrinking unless you accept a dumping on price
 which is not what you know we are famous for.
 Okay. Thank you for that. And maybe my last question, now I remembered, I'm sorry.
 I was wondering if you could give us some qualitative statements around the
 course.
 growth uh in luminex in q3 for the various you know businesses just to if you don't want to attach
 numbers, that's fine, but just give us a bit of a
 feeling how things were going.
 okay i'm not going to touch numbers and i'll give you a feeling how about that
 Perfect.
 Okay.
 First, you need to take in consideration that when you are
 comparing Q3 to Q3, in this company you are really comparing for certain product lines
 apples with oranges.
 and let me explain you why in a quarter three last year so this company as far as covet is concerned
 has
 three products
 of which one is the Aries, which is the single plaques.
 The other one is as related with Veragin 1 and Veragin 2,
 which were plex panels.
 Certainly, these flex panels are very manual, and they do not stand vis-a-vis products which
 are offered by
 competition, but
 Back then, I remember there was shortage all over the place,
 so hospitals that had the Virgin One platform
 or the next tech, they were actually taking whatever companies were making available at them.
 So there has been a spike that back then that today is not repeated, notwithstanding the fact that there is COVID testing volume simply because they migrated away from these more manual solutions to more automated solutions.
 so as far as
 so you need to clean the numbers of the company
 if you compare to Q3 last year
 from this spike effect that is not repeated.
 If you take that away and you look at the Plex business, it is fairly stable.
 one of the reasons why
 again we bought this company because there is
 $120 million of business
 ex-COVID, ex-COVID effect between Virgin II and
 Nextech that is a nice solid business and is a business where we tend to build
 a business.
 growth for with the launch of the Verigine II liaison plaques.
 When it comes to the Aries, I believe that compared to last year, we are miles better than where we were.
 and this is to the fact that we
 been able
 the company has been able really to
 bring up the manufacturing volume
 and stability in manufacturing.
 And today we are really serving, we are selling like around 230,000, 240,000 tests a month
 of this, of the cartridge.
 Back then, I think they were at 50,000, and so you understand that there is, and not because
 there was no demand but because there was no
 ability to manufacture at that point.
 So that component is doing well.
 also we keep
 placing some of the
 every system in Europe and in the US.
 So that is proceeding fine.
 when it comes to the LTG business is booming.
 I mean, if you look at the growth versus last year, it's around 20%.
 And the reason is that there is, you know, this business is not a life science business.
 and during the
 when we're going to have the Investor Day,
 we're going to clarify this.
 This has nothing to do with life science.
 This business fundamentally has to do with the fact that the multi-placing technology
 that this company invented 25 years ago
 has been made available to partners
 like Thermo Fisher, BioRat, Biotechnique, and so forth, with instruments that the company
 makes.
 the bids and the system have been
 now utilized by these
 partners to develop
 of products in the space of research, clinical research,
 or like for thermo-fissure WAMLanda in the case of transplant IVD.
 The fact that clearly some of these programs have been very successful,
 If I look, for example, at the thermo-fissure business, when it comes to all the protein
 testing business, antibody testing business is booming,
 or when I look at the fact that in life science,
 billions and billions of dollars have been poured and will be poured into the U.S. especially
 by the past and current
 administration that explains why
 this business is really
 growing significantly
 and I see this again
 as an opportunity in some of these fields
 to work with the partner
 and now launch programs
 which would include also liaison technology in some clinical spaces where we believe the
 multiplexing plus delia zone technology can really offer
 an opportunity to the partner.
 So, it's a very profitable business, by the way, as you understand.
 It's a solid business.
 This company has been manufactured now for 20 years.
 So that component, I think, is performing better than what we expected, and we expect
 this to be in line
 in terms of growth, so not diluted vis-à-vis the group revenues growth in the foreseeable future.
 So, again, we're going to be discussing this better and more specific during the investor
 Good day.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question is from Peter Welford with Jefferies.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi.
 taking my questions.
 I've just got two left, I think, please.
 and firstly
 just to try to understand
 with regards to the cost
 synergies. How much
 of that 55 million cost
 synergies is potentially
 I guess have to be
 delayed or slowed down
 given the need, as you said, to invest in the manufacturing improvements that you're doing?
 or should we regard that as any way of being, if you like,
 that just some of this investment you're doing
 in Luminex is more offsetting, if you like, upside or near-term upside to that 55 million.
 so guess what I'm asking you
 is the more expensive
 you'd initially have seen
 required in the near term, or is that
 to some extent anyway
 offset by conservatism
 in that original 55 million aim.
 second question
 and it's just
 with regards to the Luminex platform
 itself. I think there's been a lot of discussion around the one of the issues in the immunization
 use these cartridges
 has been that
 there's been a
 reasonably
 high relative to some of the peers' error rates
 an issue using them.
 I'm just wondering whether you think the manufacturing changes that you do,
 will that also improve the error rates
 or is this purely focused on the manufacturing and the warning letter
 and what steps are underway to potentially improve the reliability, I guess,
 of the Luminex system before you roll it out under your name.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 So as far as the synergies are concerned, we said 55 million, and they're going to come
 alive in the next three to five years
 I'm very comfortable
 about the synergies.
 I don't think there's going to be any delay.
 we actually took into consideration
 on the fact that some investments are
 going to be necessary
 in order to achieve
 some of these synergies
 but very comfortable
 with that number
 and I don't think
 there's going to be a delay
 and it has nothing to do with the delay on veraging to manufacturing.
 when it comes to the
 very into the
 cartridge
 I think
 you put it
 in the right term
 Look,
 we
 this company
 when I learned about this company is that it is a steep and not still a notch away from
 being an IVD-consolidated manufacturer, and this is clearly explainable by the fact that
 If you think about this company, it was actually built around research, very successful research
 products today still
 As said, the hardcore of this company, the Luminex,
 is that business and then
 The company stepped in to try to step in to accelerate growth in diagnostic,
 buying technologies or buying other companies around the globe, around the U.S., and bringing
 that IBD well-needed infrastructure to the company.
 The problem, I believe, that some of the companies that have been bought were small
 and not necessarily properly structured
 and certainly from a quality
 from a quality system point of view
 I believe, behind what are the expectations in modern IVT. I believe the 483 that was actually
 given to the company
 had to do with some of these delays
 or some of the way that the company was operating
 that we are in the process
 of correcting.
 by the way
 we have decided
 that we are going to participate
 to, and we've been
 accepted
 to
 participate to a pilot program
 that the FDA has issued in the U.S.
 where nine companies
 are going to be enrolled into a program where the agency together with a consulting firm
 that the agency has actually
 selected to use
 they're going to be working with a company for 18 months
 during the 18 months
 we're going to redesign the
 quality system, and we're going to redesign it in light of what are the most recent expectations
 by the agency and this to me
 is great because
 As far as Luminex is concerned, it's clearly focusing the people to the program, it's giving
 free access, by the way, to one of the top-notch consulting firms
 that the FDA is putting, is making available at no cost to the company to redesign the
 the system in my expectation is that at the end of this process 18 months from now we're going to
 pretty much exit this program with a very modern, up-to-date, and FDA-blast quality system.
 Okay. As far as the cartridge and what you said, again, I think you are very right.
 and the problem is that the cartridge we found
 and the manufacturing system we found we found over here was not really ready to launch a product
 It was ready for a prototyping launch, which is not a tradition of diasaurine.
 Soren, you know, being an IBD supplier, we look at products, finished products launched to the market.
 also we are talking about a much bigger commercial infrastructure so we would
 expect the ramp up of volumes to be faster than prior with Luminex and we did not feel that we
 could really go to the market with
 with manual
 manufacturing lines
 and a process that was very cumbersome, prone to errors,
 whereas the company already ordered some fully validated, completely automated lines
 that now we are in process of validating and putting it into operation.
 and then we are going to
 conduct clinicals, then with a much better process under control.
 long story short, we always
 it's very clear that when it comes
 multiplexing this is a is not a space where uh you you we're going to be pioneering is a space that
 today already has good solutions.
 and so the only way in my opinion to make it to that space is with a system that is very solid
 and stable with the complete panel and what is very attractive of this system in my opinion is the
 the flexi concept, the ability to utilize the flexi concept,
 that provides flexibility of the launch of the panels,
 especially in the European countries
 where you know all the reimbursements are different
 and also in the U.S. where there has been recent pushbacks
 vis-à-vis the complexity of the panels that are offered by the competition.
 Clearly, if you want to make money with the Flexi concept,
 you better have your manufacturing cost under control
 because certainly there is a margin effect on the Flexi concept,
 and this is why
 the company
 more established
 to their selling products
 cannot really go back to that concept
 They will be killing their business.
 As far as we are concerned, we want to have all ducks in a row and the manufacturing
 cost under control before we launch it so when we launch it we are gonna we're
 You're gonna make money, right?
 Sorry, I won't be subscribed.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question is from Scott Bardo with Berenberg.
 Please go ahead.
 Good evening, guys.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 So I've got a couple of questions for Peter Giorgio, please,
 and one high-level question for you, Mr. Rosa.
 just wonder if you can
 please
 qualify I think
 at the last
 um
 H1 update
 you provided
 an implicit guidance for 15 growth for your base business ex-covid um i just wonder if you could
 now give us
 you know
 an update on what your expectation is this year on that basis.
 so outside of the scope of consolidation
 ex-COVID. That would be helpful, please.
 And second question for you, Pia, Giorgio, please.
 So the revenues coming in from Luminex, I think, were better than we expected.
 and I think you talked about performance
 being pretty
 pretty decent there
 can you
 confirm, please, whether Luminex
 original guidance to the market
 of 480 million dollars is still on track this year and maybe give us a sense of
 what covid was for luminex last year and roughly speaking what you expected to be this that would
 be helpful and I'll follow up
 with Carlo in a moment, if possible.
 Thank you.
 So let me start with the first one.
 And I believe what we see, as we said before,
 or the increase in the guidance, the fact that we are now in the high part of the range
 has been driven by better two, three states, and mainly by better COVID states.
 I believe we have commented at length about what we see in the ex-COVID business, which is going very well.
 and in terms of the
 ex-COVID sales
 for the business
 for the remainder of the year,
 I believe that what we said in H1 was 15%, and I think that that is still the right number,
 the way in which we look at it.
 it's
 it's there
 you know
 1% better, 1%
 the lower, but that's the right number.
 In terms of the guidance for Luminex, the 418 million,
 And I believe we said a few times that when we modeled the Illuminax business,
 we didn't take face value
 that guide us
 who didn't take face value, the plan that they put together
 in which it was made public in all the firings that followed the acquisition.
 channel.
 So we didn't use that phase value.
 You used a different one, a lower one, and we are a little bit better than what we modeled for this year.
 Then for 2022 and so on, I believe you need to wait until the Capital Market Day
 when we will be more specific.
 In terms of COVID sales, I believe Carlos said that overall in the quarter,
 the SORIN plus
 Luminex accounted
 of COVID-19,
 accounted for 30% of the total water save.
 the luminex part of those
 revenues, you know, we said
 the 91 million euro of Luminex sales in the quarter,
 I believe both Park Neander
 on the top of my head
 that the COVID-related sales, COVID only, right?
 so I'm not taking a respiratory pain
 COVID only, is a ballpark 15 million euros out of those 91 million euros.
 That's very helpful.
 and a question for you
 them Mr Rosa please
 There's been some market speculation about a potential tie-up combination
 between Biomeria and Chiagen,
 by a member of Meria, of course,
 having in the moon.
 athlete business, coaching, of course,
 being a player in Quantiferon.
 So I wonder if you could talk to a little bit about your current relationship with kiogen
 and whether any combination of these two companies
 could impact your ongoing relationship with Quantiferon and Lyme and so forth.
 Thank you.
 Listen, Scott, since I'm in Texas, I think I can use the Fifth Amendment, and I will
 not comment on
 on this rumor and speculation
 because I think again
 Today is a rumor and a speculation.
 I can comment on the fact that
 the relationship today
 with my good friend Thierry
 is
 is doing very well
 I believe that in Europe the program today is almost to maturity
 because together we have been
 driving
 the
 conversion and growth of this business, and today we are working on, actually, KayaGen
 still works on
 driving demand
 so
 testing volume now that we have
 almost
 400 accounts today that are using
 the product on our platforms
 In the U.S., we are at the beginning of the story.
 we had very
 successful conversion of
 one of the two largest labs in the U.S.
 sense of the technology.
 We have today
 a very significant number of hospitals
 that are using the Excel and
 together with Skyagen we are
 working and we are eagerly waiting
 for the approval of the excess
 because in the U.S. we see
 the mid-size
 hospital market
 It is an untapped opportunity.
 a lot of these businesses send out and we can capture the businesses in the price range that
 It really makes Kajan, both parties, very, very happy.
 I would like just to make one comment, Scott, to the famous 480 million that you were discussing about.
 But look, if you look at those 480 million, there are two components to it that do not
 materialize and actually
 they were in the
 expectation of Luminex, and when we look into it, we decided to de-risk.
 One has to do with the fact that in those numbers, you had a VeriGEN 2 launch in 2021,
 which we know we expected not to happen
 when we make certain decisions
 and as they are soaring about the launch of this product.
 The second thing is the fact that in that assumption, there was a certain dynamic of
 increase of manufacturing capacity that eventually did not happen and so today the volume is capped
 230,000, 240,000
 Testaments. I believe that plan
 was actually calling for an increase
 that
 would have taken the company behind
 that number
 So if you really take out these two effects, and if you look at that number, we, I think,
 we are running pretty much to where the company was saying
 with, I believe, a better
 mix, which does contribute to profitability, which is an LTG performance, which is above
 expectations.
 Thanks.
 Mr. Rosa, there are no more questions registered at this time.
 Okay, operator, thank you.
 Take care.
 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining.
 The conference is now over.
 you may disconnect your telephones.