 Hello and welcome to the Repsource 3rd Quarter 2021 Results Conference call.
 Today's conference will be conducted by Mr. Yosuyoni Maz, a CEO, and a brief introduction
 will be given by Mr. Ramon Alvarez-Pedroza, Head of Investor Relations.
 I would now like to hand a call over to Mr. Alvarez-Pedroza.
 Thank you operator. Good afternoon and welcome to web source third quarter two thousand and twenty world results conference call
 Today's call will be hosted by Josuyoni Maas, our Chief Executive Officer, with other members
 of the executive team joining us as well.
 Before we start, I invite you to read our disclaimer carefully.
 During this presentation, we may make forward-looking statement based on estimates.
 Actual results may differ materially depending on the number of factors as indicated in the
 disclaimer, I will now hand the call over to Josuyon.
 Thank you Ramon and thanks to everyone joining us today. I hope that all of you are doing well in today's call
 all I'd like to cover the following main topics.
 Tavira, kidney disease of the quarter.
 The community's divisional highlights and financial results serve me, our capital, our
 priorities in the current HIGA by scenario, namely our update ambitions in low-carbon
 and have a proposal to increase shareholder remuneration.
 I finalize with some advice, I'll look to the end of the year.
 At the end of this presentation, we'll be available to answer your questions.
 And let me start by reviewing the key messages.
 In the third quarter, Repsol has delivered an outstanding set of results and cash generation
 that consolidates our recovery to pre-pandemic levels.
 This performance has been supported by a positive market environment with all business segments
 benefit from a higher demand for energy and petroleum products.
 In this context, the adjusted net income reached 623 million euros, its highest level since
 2018, and a 19% improvement compared to the same period in 2019.
 The accumulated result to September was 1.6 billion euros, 3 percent below the first
 nine months of 2019.
 The underlying cash generation was strong across all businesses with all the three divisions
 increasing their operating and free cash flow contributions compared to the previous quarter.
 Cash flow from operations was 1.4 billion euros in the quarter and a 3.4 billion accumulated
 to September.
 Experiencing working capital movements mainly related to an inventory build-up associated
 the higher prices, the operating cash flow was 1.7 billion in the quarter and 4.8 billion
 to September.
 are 28% and 6% increase respectively compared to the same period in 2019.
 Free cash flow amounted to $0.9 billion in the quarter and $1.9 billion up to September.
 more than covering investment interest shareholder.
 remuneration, and the purchase of treasury shares in both periods.
 net debt is 2.6.1 billion euros by the end of the quarter.
 nearly 250 million euros reduction compared to June and around 650 million euros lower
 done in December.
 A G20 level upstream production was negatively impacted by issues in several assets, including
 the impact of hurricane Ida in the Gulf of Mexico by quarter end these issues have been
 and production has averaged around 575,000 net bothers per day in October.
 Longer term, the value of a boolean strategy remains intact, with up focus on operational efficiency.
 moving break events and the rationalization of our portfolio.
 In the industrial division, the performance of the refining business confirmed the inflection
 point that we anticipated in July. In chemicals, the mergers remain strong, partially softened
 from the maximums achieved in the first half of the year.
 All in all, our strong performance year today together
 without reinforced financial position
 and a better community price.
 is allowing us to move into the next phase of our Capital Allocation Framework.
 Earlier this month, we announced increased ambitions for the energy transition.
 Accelerating investments in green hydrogen, renewable power generation and immobility,
 among others.
 And aligned with this ambition, we increase our intermediate, the carbonization targets
 to 2050.
 Now, the extra cash we expect to generate in a higher commodity price scenario has opened
 the possibility to improve the distribution for share holders.
 In that sense, the Board of Directors has agreed to propose
 To the next animal general meeting,
 at 5% increase of the shareholder,
 remuneration to be paid in 2022.
 to 63 euro cents per share.
 and a capital reduction through the redemption of 75 million treasury shares
 equivalent to around a 5% of our short capital.
 Looking now, very briefly, to the evolution of the main macro indicators in the quarter.
 Start it with oil.
 Brain, quick.
 The average of only $74.
 7% higher, quarter from quarter.
 and 71% higher than a year ago.
 In gas, go lower prices.
 increase sharply through the quarter, and we have average $4 per million between 43%
 than in the second quarter.
 and 100% higher year over year.
 The prices were, let me underline this point, particularly strong in Asia and Europe, multiplying
 by four or five times, they have levels in 2020.
 The refining margin indicator benefited from the better market environment more than doubling
 compared to the previous quarter.
 Moving on now to the main divisional highlights.
 It's starting with the uptrend.
 has actually an average of 530,000 net powers
 of all equivalent per day.
 This was 6% lower than in the previous quarter.
 and 14% below a year ago.
 as explained earlier, quarterly volumes were
 negatively impacted by production shutdowns in the Gulf of Mexico, issues from the Peru
 LNG plant, delays in Trinidad, and PSC effects due to the high prices of oil and gas.
 Further to the first nine months of 2020, the operating cash flow per power has increased
 by 110% since January.
 evoke the increase of oil and gas prices.
 Then your production has been compensated by...
 I hire a share of oil in our mix and also by the contribution of Libya.
 Repsals average gas realization price has increased by 77% in the first nine months of 2021.
 The recent price escalate has continued in October,
 with some regional references achieving a soaring
 to record setting levels.
 Gas accounts for around 60 to 65 percent of our production, so this price environment
 beneficial for us. In both terms around 20% of our gas sales are referenced to
 all. 25% are on fixed contracts and 30% are exposed to North American spot prices, mainly
 and we have.
 The reminder production is mostly linked to other regional spot references.
 looking into our development activity, EME, in Norway.
 EMEH has started production this week. At Plateau, the field is expected to produce 56,000
 Gross.
 bottles per day
 In Unconventionals, a second reach in Marcellus, and another one in Eagle 4 will start drilling
 operations in November. It's really expected to contribute 10,000
 hours per day of additional production in 2022.
 In the Gulf of Mexico, we took the final investment decision for the development of Censi North,
 the FIDs of Fulacacias in Colombia, and Leon Castile in the Gulf of Mexico are expected
 these two FIDs by year end.
 Moving on now to the industrial division.
 starting with the refining.
 Margins and utilizations benefit from the recovery of demand
 driven by the progress of vaccination strategies on the end of mobility restrictions.
 The margin indicator averaged $3.20, a significant improvement from the $1.5 of the second quarter.
 And on top of this, the flexibility of our system allows us to generate a half-a-dollar
 our premium in the CCS margin.
 The impact of higher energy costs and the increase in the price of CN2 were more than
 offset by wider products spreads and stronger heavy-to-light grid
 differences.
 Margins were particularly solid in September,
 As the strengthening of middle distillate differential
 push the indicator to $4.6 per bar.
 The utilization of distillation and conversion capacity increased to the highest level since
 the first quarter of 2020,
 in pre-pandemic levels driven by the better market dynamics.
 continue to be prioritizing the plans with the higher margins.
 The recovery of demand has also allowed
 to end the temporary layoffs adopted earlier this year.
 in response to the unique market conditions.
 In October, work has started in the multi-annual plant,
 turnaround of Cartagena refinery that will last 45 days, it will require a total investment
 of 70, 5 million years of which one third will be deployed on energy efficiency initiatives
 that are going to improve the competitiveness of the refinery from now on.
 The chemicals business remain on track.
 Yeah, on track means that it's on track to serve pass,
 It's one billion euros a bit the guidance for the year.
 That's all for the Petrochemical Margin Indicator.
 It was a 4% lower than in the second quarter.
 International mergers remain a very healthy lever partially involved by the increase in
 and the price of fit stocks.
 This was aligned with our expectation of a soft landing
 of margins towards the end of the year.
 After a quarter ends, Repsol signed an agreement with the Portuguese government for the expansion
 of cynics that includes tax incentives of up to 63 million viewers.
 Finally, let me highlight that the result of industrial segment was negatively impacted
 in the quarter by unmarked to market adjustment in the wholesale and gas trading business.
 This, let me explain that because this adjustment corresponds to unaccounting mismatch between
 in the evaluation of physical and financial positions
 from gas transactions.
 We expect that this adjustment will be offset in the operating result in the coming months
 after the physical transactions materialize.
 The negative impact in the industrial segment was partially offset at the level by a positive
 Consolidation Adjustment in the Corporate and Overs line.
 also due to this gas position.
 Moving now to the Commercial and Renewables Division.
 is starting with mobility.
 Shades in our surface station is paining please,
 red rallies through the quarter and were, on average, 10% lower than in the same quarter
 in 2019.
 In renewables, we continue developing, assembling, and putting operational project pipeline in
 In the U.S., we are making progress in our jicalilla solar project in Spain,
 And then the Balde Solar Photovoltaic Project starts to generate electricity in July and
 It is now fully operational.
 Thank you.
 J.B. completes the construction of Caballion S3, our first wind farm in the country, and
 a secure long-term project finance.
 We also started the construction of the Atacama-Win project.
 Lastly, after quarter N, Repsol,
 was awarded 138 megawatts of new wind capacity in Spain
 in the recent Renewable Option Health last week.
 Let me now review briefly the financial results.
 The groups are guessing that income was 623 million euros, which compares to 7 million
 in the same period a year ago.
 by division.
 The adjusted net income of the uptrend was 385 million euros, 334 million higher year
 mostly due to higher realization prices,
 partially offset by the lower production.
 In industry, the adjusted net income goes 100 million euros,
 One hundred sixty-seven needle higher than a year ago.
 mostly driven by chemicals and refining.
 The result in commercial renewal was $169 million in line with the same period of 2020.
 better results in mobility, and other segments were partially offset by the LPG business
 due to the regulated price formula that you know that in case of an increase in commodity
 prices have a gap to be translated to this price formula.
 Incorporate on others.
 You are just admitting can worse.
 31 million euros. Negative.
 a 115 million improvement over the same period a year ago.
 The result was positively impacted by higher results from crest-resteer positions and
 the consolidation adjustment previously discussed associated to gas positions.
 I grew up with a big dad.
 But CCS grew to 1.8 billion years in the culture.
 100 billion years in the culture.
 12% higher, year.
 And here, 4 unaccumulated 4.7 billion euros generated in the first nine months of the
 At this point, I want to elaborate on the allocation of the extra cash that we expect
 to generate thanks to the positive evolution of the main macro indicators.
 Our 2021 to 2025 self-financed state plan
 It includes a clear capital allocation policy
 for the extra cash generated in scenarios
 of higher commodity prices.
 compared to our strategic price deck that, as you know,
 We'll set a $50 brand and $2.50, and we have it.
 In the first place, we will invest in profitable growth, opportunities within our portfolio.
 Basically, in the development of the new, current platforms,
 accelerating our plans or increasing our ambitions.
 Aligned with this, we have increased our plan renewables capex in 2021 by 0.3 billion euros
 and the total low carbon investment between 2021 and 2025 by 1 billion euros.
 With that, the share of low carbon cupcakes until 2025
 increases from 30% to 35%.
 And it's great, you know, capital employed
 is now expected to reach a figure close to 45% by 2030.
 by 2030, above the 40% expected in the plan.
 In the second place, we will improve the distribution to our shareholders.
 always searching for the most valuable choice for them.
 Our delivery in 2021, an improved outlook, at least in the short term, opens this possibility.
 Therefore, our Board of Directors has agreed to propose to the next annual general meeting
 and increase in the shareholder remuneration of 2022,
 and a capital reduction through the redemption
 of treasury shares.
 And consequently, the cash dividend to be paid in 2022 will amount to 63 Euro cents per share,
 of course, 5% of those commitments set in a strategic plan, and we will redeem 75 million
 shows, launching in November, a program to purchase 35 million shows, with the rest coming
 from our treasury stock position.
 Today, with just two months to go to complete 2021,
 We expect that the cash flow for operations is going to be at least 1 billion euros above
 our budget.
 One-third of this is Tracash has been allocated.
 more or less to each of the following areas.
 The increase of our railway work, CAPEX mainly the entrance in the U.S. market, improved
 shareholder, remuneration, building,
 at this reshare position that will be available
 to redeem the 75 million shares once approved in the HGM.
 reinforced, finally, our balance sheet and financial flexibility, reducing or net debt
 as part of our private financial policy and keeping the giving below the average forecast
 in our state but
 Before moving to our guidance, let me briefly review our update ambitions into the energy
 transition that were thoroughly discussed in our recent low carbon day health earlier
 this month of October. In renewable hydrogen we increase our capacity objective by a full
 percent in 2025 to 550 megawatts equivalent and by a 60 percent in 2030 to 1.9 gigawatts.
 In renewable generation, we have accelerated our capacity ambition by just 15% in 2025
 to 6 gigawatts and by a 60% in 2030 to 20 gigawatts.
 Finally, in the customer-centric business, we will reinforce immobility offering with
 installation of more than 1,000 public points of research in Spain and
 Portugal in Iberia by 2022, deploying either a fast or ultra-fast charger every 50 kilometers
 in Spain.
 They bring on the sites we already have.
 Moreover, our enhanced ambitions in low-carbon together with a favorable regulatory environment
 and technological breakthrough.
 allow us to increase our intermediate decarbonization
 targets in 2050.
 The carbon intensity indicator reduction targets increase from 12% to 15% in 2025, from 25%
 to 28% in 2030 and from 50% to 55% in 2040.
 At this point, I want to take you through our update, our look to the end of the year.
 Good year, production, we suspect it.
 I'm Robert H. I'm Rome.
 580,000 net dollars per day, a 3% reduction compared to the previous guidance, due to
 and younger operational issues already solved.
 In refining, we expect to beat our previous guidance of $2 per hour average margin indicator
 in 2021. The indicator has averaged $4.5 in October and we expect it to remain above $4
 during the rest of the court.
 He expected a bid that CCS now stands at 6.7 billion years,
 0.6 billion euros increase compared to previous estimate and 65% above 2020 and net debt is
 expected to close in 2021 at around 6 billion euros, less than one time a bit.
 To wrap up, Repsol has delivered a remarkable third quarter performance, aligned with prep
 pandemic levels. Our results in the first nine months together with unimproved commodity outlook
 have allowed us to accelerate investment in low carbon and increase the remuneration to
 We'll see you on the next one.
 Thank you, all.
 maintaining at the same time of financial discipline.
 In the end term, the new opportunity generated here, the support of favorable climate policies
 and a bigger environment.
 have encouraged us to increase our ambitions towards the energy transition.
 Going forward, we will maintain our focus and force on the delivery of our commitments
 I'm Mr. Dieg Bram.
 transforming our operations and business
 to become more efficient and competitive.
 Digitalization, technology, and new ways of working will be key enablers of our transition.
 allowing us to remain leaders of our sector in our pathway to net zero emissions in 2050.
 With that, I now hand the call back to Ramon, who will lead us through a question and answer
 session.
 Thank you very much.
 You see.
 On the Q&A session, I'd like the operator to remind us of the process to ask a question.
 Please go ahead operator.
 Thank you. As a reminder, if you wish to ask a question, please press star and one on your
 telephone keypad and wait for your name to be announced. If you wish to cancel your
 request, please press the hash key once again.
 To ask a question, please press star and one on your telephone keypad.
 Thank you, Operator. Let me now move to the Q&A session. Our first question comes from
 Ambiras Bokatharia at RBC.
 Hi, thanks for taking my question.
 The first one, I just want to clarify on the buyback front, so you have 70 minus 5 million
 shares, some of which are already in hand.
 And I was just wondering why you don't cancel the shares as and when you buy them, what's
 the rationale for keeping some edge treasury, because it maybe would be simpler to just
 announced a buyback that equates to what you're actually buying in the market.
 And then the second question is on 2022, CapEx going.
 should we assume a modest increase from 2021 levels?
 than if so, how much?
 and maybe, you know, if there is an increase,
 When you talk about where the incremental capex is going in outside of renewables, is
 Is it higher activity in the US onshore or anywhere else?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Rias. I mean, first of all, the proposal of our board approved yesterday is
 It's clear, it's defined, it's the redemption of the concentration of these 75 million
 shares that is more or less a figure close to the 5% of the number of shares of the total
 capital.
 But legally, this redemption, this cancellation has to be approved by the AGM this spring.
 So our board is going to present this proposal to the AGM, this spring to be approved.
 going through your point about the capex in the upstream.
 I think that in 2023, we are going to recover in some way.
 let me say, a normal average capacity level in the company.
 And also in the yampi.
 It's true that some things or some part of the capex is out there, it went away forever.
 For instance, the exploratory effort we have in the past, because you know that we are
 going to invest at around 250 million dollars per year in the exploration, mainly focus
 in our main production areas, where we have a clear competitive advantage, where we have
 facilities where we have a clear capacity to monetize these resources in the short term
 but we are in some way in the process to go back to the normal.
 In this sense, it seems to me that in the upstream, we are going to invest in capex terms more
 $600 million more in 2022, comparing with what is going to be the CapEx level in 2021.
 The main drivers of this increase of capex are going to be, of course, the food we are
 day now, and we are going to develop in 2022 in the unconventional way, we have two rakes
 in the Marcellus and we have two, three weeks showing now in the two weeks in Eagle 4 and
 we are going to increase with our third week, our report in digital four.
 As I said, in July, the first week is going to have 10,000 buffers per day, more or less,
 In every case, you get four on the Marselius, and the second one is going to add more or
 is at around 5,000, 6,000 dollars per day in every day of these assets.
 On top of that, I mean, we are taking FIDs and we approve, in the case of vaccine, an
 umbrella.
 this summer, we approved the FID of the Sensei North part, on top of that probably this
 For the first quarter, we are going to see new FIDs as Leon Castile in the Gulf of Mexico,
 the CPL mine is going to come in the first quarter of 2022.
 On top of that, I mean 2022, we are going to cover the GFID of the PICA project, the
 pick apart in Alaska, and also we are working now to enter the outreach in the Great Hudson
 area in Canada taking advantage of the current gas price situation in the area.
 So all that is going to have a clear effect
 in production terms.
 I know and I understand that production has been a concern for the market and in some
 I mean, market thought that we had an under-investment in the EMP production.
 I mean, let me underline again that, unfortunately, this year we have suffered some one short
 effects, the 25 mothers per day will have lost over this quarter in the new LNG that
 that fortunately has been solved and now it's working in a normal way, the 30,000
 bubbles per day, we have lost over the whole year.
 You can decline of a BTT.
 And unfortunately, after the start-up process of not a power
 has been recovered in 10, 12 bathers per day,
 and more or less any is in operation since this week,
 we are going to see a ramp up in coming weeks, months.
 that we are going to achieve a peak of 50...
 50,000 bottles per day, more or less gross, over 20-22, and remember that we have a 55%
 of the stake of this asset.
 So, all in all, we are quite comfortable
 about the guidance we have in the strategic plan for 2022.
 It's true that we are not going to recover some bubbles.
 The first one, the bubbles, I mean, that went because of the divestment process in the
 campaign in Russia, what is going to disappear from Malaysia and TTF, all that is going to
 the news, comparing with 2019, the number of barrels in that figure, that could be close
 ...to...
 or less 30, 35,000 bars per day.
 On top of that, we lost, due to higher prices, 12, 15 bars per day due to the PSC contracts.
 I mean, all you know, today, we are comfortable with that production level at around 605,000
 per day for the whole 20-22 periods. That fits with the figure we have in just a
 the plant taking into account the new prices, the PSC effect and the effect of the investment.
 So, no concern about the production level of the company,
 because we are recovering the figures we had before.
 And I don't know if I'm missing something, yes?
 Well, okay, thank you very much.
 Ah, thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question comes from Oswald Clean at Bernstein.
 As well, I'm here.
 Okay, can you hear me?
 Yes.
 Okay, sorry. I'm sorry. So thank you very much.
 and fantastic color there on the upstream.
 Thank you.
 Just finally, could you talk about, you know, things like the Camusia gas field in Peru,
 Obviously, some potential issues coming up there, obviously tricky to call, but any discussions
 you're having there with the government around that field, as it might affect Peru, but also
 unplanned maintenance. You've talked about it there today, but I mean do you think you
 have this under control again for 2022 so that we don't see this unplanned maintenance popping
 up again next year and then secondly could I ask you talked about LPGs and some of the
 margin being lag, but could you also talk about lubricants and specialties?
 I think your feet stuck is putting a bit of margin pressure here in the quarter.
 So when do we see that starting to normalise for you, please?
 Thank you.
 So, thank you Oswo. I mean, starting from the end point, let me say, of course, we have an operator, an unoperator.
 There are always half or could have hypothetically unplanned problems in their operations, but
 Let me underline that the two main problems, the big problems we have suffered over 2021,
 in 2021, they were not assets operated by Rapsol.
 This is the first one.
 We'll say, the...
 The BALNG.
 that we don't have not even a mistake in the plant, we are not the operators, we suffer.
 the consequences for the exports for the whole country.
 We have, I mean, a mistake of a 30 percent,
 I'm a good partner and I'm a good operator, but I mean, we have a lot of problems in the
 country and a decline that was larger than expected. But as I said before, I prefer to
 you can see the positive part of the positive part is that macapal is partially offsetting
 this reduction of production in BPDT.
 Going to Peru, I mean, let me underline that in Peru, we have seen different political
 scenarios over the last 20, 25 years, to reach a stable country with solid institutions
 All right.
 I think that the rule of law works in the country.
 Saying that, I mean, in every country where we operate, there could be talks, conversations,
 the potential negotiations with governments about the assets and the revenues and so on.
 And let me say, in Camicia, we have a 10% of our stake,
 It's not even the main message we have in Peru and, I mean, we have, of course, ready
 as always to have a strong, close and good relationship with governments and countries
 where we operate. And let me say that is not an exception at all.
 Rubricant business is true that margin may be under pressure during the quarter by year
 And when we might see mergers in a normal level,
 It's true that raw materials, mainly the lumbic and bass,
 raw material have increased due to commodity prices.
 I mean, however, even in this situation,
 Let me say, suffering a bit, comparing with the recent past.
 Good epic and business and good piano has happened.
 We have had a good performance of the business even in this bad scenario.
 The JB is working in a way better than expected, even in this scenario, and seeing that margins
 are on track of being normalized, let me be a bit optimistic about the evolution of our
 business. Thank you as well.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, as well.
 As next question comes from Michele de la Viña at Goldman Sachs.
 Thank you very much for the time, and thank you, Joseph John.
 I had two questions, if I may.
 great news on the 5% increase in the dividend for DC.
 I was wondering, how shall we read that impact on the forward
 expectations for the dividend should we increase, should we expect that the whole curve that
 you show that the strategy presentation effectively moves up by 5% or simply that we get more
 gradually to the 70th century in 2024.
 And then my second question is on your industrial operations, which I thought, I believe we
 We all pretty much expected to be a bit stronger this quarter with margins going about $3 per
 her barrel, and yet that was down 100 million Q on Q.
 I was wondering if you could perhaps
 dissect some of that.
 how impactful were the gas derivatives and whether you think that with improving with
 The further improvement in the refined images we've seen in Q4 that we could see a material
 improvement in your industrial EBITDA.
 Thank you, Joseph John.
 Hey, good to be here, Mikaela. Thank you.
 I mean, starting from the first part of your question, I mean, let me say something that
 it's evident, but I prefer to underline it.
 We are releasing today is that we are going to increase
 a 5% the 2020 to cash dividend.
 I mean, in addition, we are going to cancel 75 million of shares with our program to be
 I mean, I don't know.
 I don't know.
 this month I mean November 2021 of 35 million of shares and the other 40 million of shares
 coming from the current stress-free stop position,
 physical derivatives related to a better price scenario we have in the past.
 So, I mean, we are going to launch this purchasing program of 35 million shares in November.
 As I explained before, to be honest, the annual general
 as-
 In the spring, we'll cancel and we'll redeem this 75 million of shares.
 I mean, but I understand your point, Micaela, I mean, I'm not, let me say rigid and close in my mind.
 I understand your point.
 If this proposal, the end of the road, I mean, my answer is, definitely not.
 Is our strategic plan distribution roadmap written on a stone without any remote possibility
 to be modified or improved.
 Of course, we cannot.
 I mean, saying that there will be again to be planned, all that is defined in the framework of the Satel plan,
 but the new facet of providing a competitive shareholder
 The remuneration has always been a pillar in the absolute strategy, and we have traditional
 been a good distribution player.
 And remember, as I said, when we presented our study plan last year, another price is
 scenario, the extra cache generated may be allocated either to project acceleration
 and also to increase shareholders' remuneration.
 is exactly what we are announcing today.
 And that will be exactly what we'll do in the close future.
 in case of seeing a pretty good macro scenario.
 and a good cash generation.
 And that is exactly what we will do in case of seeing this Strakash innovation in the future.
 But let me finish, because I'm being proud of it.
 taking today, the decisions we have to take today, and leaving for the future, the decisions
 that have to be taken in the future.
 in case, of course, of seeing as sustainable cash improvement
 but the whole area of the plant.
 that, of course, keeping going our stream balance sheet.
 And going to your question about the industrial area.
 I mean, you are right, because refining is performed in the right way, margins of the
 quarter are going to be significantly better than in the in the third one, I don't know,
 depending on 30% or 50% better than in,
 Because we have experience.
 $4.5 per barrel in October.
 And being prudent of expectation is that the average of coming two months are going to
 be about four dollars a pair of bobbins.
 So what are we missing?
 What we are missing, Michele, is that we have a negative impact at around 90-100 million
 in this adjusted income level in the industrial segment.
 the reason for this negative impact.
 I'm going to try to be clear and edit it.
 In September, August and September, we bought a volume in the Spanish market for the month
 of December or January at a fixed price.
 And we transform this volume to a price with a TTF reference.
 And we close on a small margin that is based on the differences applied to the purchase
 and the sale.
 with respect to the TTI.
 I mean, their margins are going to be there and they are going to be positive at the end of the road.
 No doubt about that.
 The physical purchase will be very positive since the market price that is correlated with
 TTF has risen a lot and the financial position that is in verse of the previous one represents
 So, the problem is that the first, the positive one will be collected in the orbit of December
 in January, and the second one, the market position is reflected in September, in the
 BNL of September, and this 90 or 100 million years,
 negative in the industrial area are related to this market position, and it's true that
 But in the opposite sense, we have an intra-group positive adjustment that is partially with
 40.5 million euros especially offsetting this effect in the corporate side and that is related to the
 the intragroup activity between our gas supply activity and the electricity and gas retail
 business.
 So, all in all, we have a negative effect in the adjusted wealth result of 100 million
 in the industrial side and we have a positive effect of 40 million euros that has the same
 nature, the same racial, in the corporate and financial side, and the Neanderthaline
 again.
 negative part, I mean, this gap is going to appear in a positive way, in fourth quarter
 I'm first quarter of the year and all that is going to depend, of course, on the evolution
 of when it's going to appear, depending on the cursing date
 of the physical operation is going to appear
 in a positive way in the PML.
 And that is the rationale of what is happening
 in the industrial piano.
 Nothing to do with the refining, nothing to do with the chemical that is performing in
 a great way.
 It is a market to market position that is partially offset in the corporate and financial
 side.
 Thank you for watching me now, Mikaela.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Miquela.
 Next question comes from Sasi Kanchilukuru at Morgan Stanley.
 Hi, thanks for taking my questions.
 I was just pulling up on the refining margins
 and wanted to check the impact of the higher energy costs
 and higher hydrogen costs.
 You highlighted $4.5 per barrel refining margin so far in 4Q.
 Can you just confirm that this includes the increases
 in the energy prices.
 And it would be great if you can isolate the impact of higher hydrogen costs on refining
 margin that present.
 My second question was related to the 2021 CAPEX,
 which you have reiterated at 2.9 billion euros.
 That kind of implies a very significant increase
 and CAPEX for 4Q, almost more than double the quarterly run rate we have seen so far.
 if you can just provide some guidance on where this higher
 apex is coming from and also apologies if you have already flagged this but can you confirm
 and what the guidance for EMP CAPEX is for 2021.
 Thanks.
 Thank you, Joshua.
 Oh, excuse me, Sissy, it was my mistake.
 Uh...
 All defects of the gas price that is available cost for a refining system is fully included
 in the refining margin indicator.
 So when we say that in the third quarter,
 The refining market indicator was 3.3, 3.2, 3.3, doors per hour, and in October has been
 3.3.
 0.5 dollars per bubble, then we say the negative effect of the cost increase of the gas to
 to feed these refineries are fully included in this margin indicator.
 I'm Patin in the negative way.
 Comparing with our budget, and more or less, I have in mind the fear that we have experience
 in October, a negative effect of $0.70, $0.8 per bubble.
 in the third quarter and in October due to this effect, but all that is already included.
 When we say that the margin is $4.5 per bubble in October, the huge TTF prices and MVP prices
 and so on.
 are included and the cost of all that is included in this margin, so a same thing of course
 because we produce the hydrogen with gas, it's included,
 I'm the CEO of two prices at around, I can't remember the figure, but $60, $62.
 You saw it, you knew it.
 per ton of CO2 in the third quarter and in October are included in this variable cost
 Because, I mean, the construction of a fine margin indicator is made taking real prices
 and the sleight of crude oils we use, plus the products and the spreads of the products
 plus the variable cost we have that they are mainly the oil, gas, and the hydrogen we use
 And on top of that, the CO2 this year is fully included as a valuable cost in the refining
 mapping.
 taking into account all that, when we say that we have
 a refining margin of $3.2, $3.3 per barrel.
 this health quarter of 4.5 hours per bubble in October.
 Going to your second point, yes, you are right.
 All right, we are going to see a significant increase in the fourth quarter, 2021, for
 or EMP capex that are going to come mainly from the investment effort we are developing
 Indian Conventional, and I referred to this report before,
 and the progress of the FID of the projects
 I mentioned before, but you are right.
 we are going to see achieving 2.9 billion euros, a total capex guidance for the whole
 company in 2021 and 1.1 billion euros, 1.3 billion dollars, more or less, for the EMP
 this year.
 For that reason I said before that what we are going to see in 2022 is going to be at
 $1.9 billion in the case of almost $2 billion in the case of the, I mean, $2.9 to $2.1 is
 also to depend on the exchange rates that I have in mind, that we are at around two billion
 dollars is going to be the effort in capex terms of the EMP in 2022.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Sassi.
 Next question comes from John Rigby at UBS.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 Hi, Joe.
 Can I just circle back on distributions again?
 But first on the buyback, it always gets me confused, and I think the point about the
 the treasury shares, et cetera, always by stumble on.
 So can we just go through some of the mechanics of this?
 Can you explain to me, do you have call options
 or anything fat in treasury that you can use to buy back
 or to realize some of the buyback of these shares, and therefore, is there some sort
 of cost or lower cost in acquiring the shares and putting them into Treasury and just trying
 to understand what you have physically and treasury
 and what you have in sort of synthetics or derivatives.
 And is it the intention to buy back?
 I think the $35 million through to the end of this year so that it's sort of cleaned
 out. And then just one piece of sort of arithmetic I was a little puzzled about was, I think
 If you say $75 million of shares to be cancelled,
 that you are doing $35 million in the market, but you have $45 million Treasury shares already
 And why not just take that all out and take the whole 80 million Treasury shares and just
 clean the whole thing up. I didn't quite understand why we go backwards and forwards
 on this, partly in the market, partly in treasury, et cetera.
 Let's say just on some mechanics of the buyback.
 Secondly, on the dividend, is it your sense
 that the dividend should reflect underlying performance
 the business and operating performance of the business and the buyback, the sort of
 macro surplus, in which case I'm again a little puzzled why you've chosen to
 to allocate this surplus partly to a recurring commitment,
 i.e. the dividend and partly to the buyback.
 Could you explain that, please?
 Thank you, gentlemen.
 I promise you that I need to do my best to explain all that, but I'm not guaranteeing the
 the result because it's complex, but that will be my best.
 I mean, today, today means at the end of September,
 at the end of the first quote.
 We have 49 million shares in cash, that is part of our balance sheet, and 74 million
 shares in equity derivative instruments.
 50 million shares in a quarter, but I remember that at that time it was acquired as a price
 I have to check the figure, but 8.2 euros per share more or less, but it's marked market,
 of course, as a negative color.
 And we have 24 million inequity swaps that are not part of our Balashitha,
 That means that we have 74 million shares in equity.
 plus 49 million shares in cash.
 What we are going to do now is we are going to take 40 million shares of this physical
 shares that are part of our balance sheet, and we are going to launch a new program,
 program develop under the rules to do this kind of thing that is going to be
 launch in November and it's going to, to, to a storm till, or it's going to last till
 they explained to before, the AGM to acquire 35 million shares in the market.
 I mean, your question is right.
 Why are you doing that instead of taking what you have in your hands?
 And first of all, because that is not going to be the last shot,
 That means that we are going to go on with the buyback policy of the company, and then
 kind of going to enter on the debate about if we are going to redeem only the 200 million
 shares we commit in this strategic plan or more, as I said before, I mean, we have to
 go step by step and today that is the step we have to develop and be sure that if we
 We have room to do more things in the future, we'll do it again.
 And I'm going to distribute some in cash and some in buybacks.
 I mean, first of all, I'm linking all that with the purchasing program because I think
 that the action, the share is not reflected in the real value of the company.
 And I think that we have the opportunity to create value for the shareholders buying today,
 two-day shares of rexon in the market, and we are going to do that in the framework of
 a program under the law to redeem the shares and so on, and we are going to stay keeping
 going these options that could come in the future. So that is the rationale behind the
 distribution combining cash and buybacks because we think that buying shares today is a better option
 for shareholders then contain the division in cash.
 Of course, we combine both options because for some shareholders,
 cash is also an interesting option.
 And, I mean, if you take your models and you see the cash flow from operations we have
 had this year, what we expect in 2022. And the fourth, we are developing in terms of
 distribution and combining buybacks and combining cash divisions and taking into account that
 But we are going to use 40 million shares that were acquired in 2021, and you could see
 that all in all, we are more or less going back to a dividend that is close to 0.9, 0.8788 cents of
 of Europe.
 That's it.
 the combination of both gears.
 So, every year, 0.9, as I said, and we are going to grow in the future, so, we are all
 Almost a year after the pandemic, we are almost recovering the dividend we had before the
 epidemic in the past. And we are going to go on improving this distribution policy.
 join if we have them to do that, always under a principle of financial privacy because if
 If you take this figure, you can see that what we are applying in these two years to
 2021-22 combined is below a 30% of the figure
 We are fitting with a cash flow for an operation, that means that we are product, we are mainstream
 in the sector, in Europe, in our sector, in terms of distribution policy, and expecting
 that we have room to improve the cash flow from operations
 in the future, be sure that we have also room to increase
 and to improve the dividend distribution in the future.
 But it's true that I prefer to be proud because I have to go step by step, taking into account
 the bulletin that we are seeing in the macro scenario.
 Thank you, John.
 Thank you for the color.
 Thank you, John. Next question comes from Matthew Loftin at JPMorgan.
 Hi, Gens, thanks for taking the questions, too, if I could please first follow up from
 John's previous question on the cash return and specifically the buyback program, I think
 the acceleration around the 200 million share program is welcome, I'm thinking about it
 though in the context at this point of accelerating the programme. I wonder if you could just
 to expand on as we move forward, assuming that the macro conditions remain above your
 or $50 base plan, what would make you think about expanding the scale of the program above
 200 million shares as opposed to purely accelerating the time horizon of the program and then secondly
 coming back to the industrial business in the context of the comments you made earlier
 around the transitory nature of the durative effect in 3Q,
 Could you just clarify the EBIDAR expectations that you have for the industrial business
 this year within sort of the 6.7 total and how that compares to your strategic plan expectations.
 Thank you.
 So, uh, thank you, Matt.
 I mean, let me say, as I said before, that nothing is written on a stone.
 We have a guidance, the guidance is the strategic plan, but be sure that we are going to follow
 the capital allocation policy, I defined when we presented the strategic plan.
 That means that any extra cash under the principle of financial currency and strengthening the
 balance sheet is going to be focused on growing in your carbon
 platforms, anticipating the future, and increasing the shareholder distribution for our shareholders.
 And, I mean, today the framework is 200 million shares.
 That's clear.
 But let me say that that is going to occur, potentially
 involved, depending on the cash flow from the operations,
 the macro scenario, and of course the share price, because if we are, I mean, I'm talking
 about hypothesis disclaimer.
 if we are in one year, 15 years per share,
 For instance, in Repsol, in that case, or 16, perhaps,
 could be a better option to increase the cost part of the distribution and reducing or limiting
 the share by back.
 I mean, because we are in some way preparing all these scenarios, for that reason, we are
 comfortable keeping going, this 74 million shares in equity,
 the libative instruments that I mentioned before to John.
 But, again, that is today's decision, coming from the extra cash we are having today, and
 depending on the evolution of this cash flow from operations on the potential extra cash
 in the future.
 we could hypothetically take some other decisions
 in this line as I said before.
 step by step.
 step.
 We're going to your question about the BIDDA expectation for industrial business in this
 year. What we expect this year is 2.2 billion EBITDA 2021. Let me underline that I'm talking
 about me for a bit more. If I go to a figure of a bidda at CCS, the figure will be here
 for the whole industrial business is going to be 1.5 billion euros.
 if we compare with what we have in the industrial area,
 What we have in the strategic plan for this year, 2021, was 1.6 billion euros, because
 We were taking, at that time, $50 per hour for the whole period.
 That means that the new foreign CCS, it seems to me I have to check the figure, but nevertheless
 will be the same in our forecast for 2021.
 And let me say that the figure is more or less what we expected to be forecast in our industrial
 area. In 2021, in our strategy plan, the better technical business is in some way offsetting
 what we are losing in the refining business because, you know, that over the last half
 of the year, the margin has been due to a new expected growth of the pandemic in Europe
 has been significantly lower than expected.
 And now, we are starting to recover.
 Now let me say where we are.
 seen by 2022 in margin terms is probably better. That the expectations we have in our strategic
 plan for 2022, or aligned with the expectation we have.
 My point is we are recovering the pre-pandemic pathway
 And in some way we have been punished in the first half of the 2021 because the pandemic
 uh...
 Unfortunately, longer than expected on the forecast we have last year when we presented
 the strategic plan in November.
 Thank you, Matt.
 Thank you very much, Mark.
 Next question comes from Alejandro Vigil at Bestimberg.
 Hola, yo soy Leon, thank you for taking my question.
 I have a couple of questions about the low carbon strategy.
 One is about your thoughts about the different options
 You have to crystallize value in renewables and in the customer
 centric activity.
 So you are planning IPO, private investors, if you can elaborate on that, please.
 The second question is about the European Union next generation funds.
 How important are these funds for your strategy in low-carbon, particularly in hydrogen, which
 Which is the level of financial support you need from these funds to go ahead with your
 for our hydrogen projects.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Alejandro.
 Thank you very much.
 going to the question about the low carbon strategy,
 I mean, the most important thing, Alejandro,
 is that we go on performing developing projects
 of the last quarter.
 We have launched the Baldez Solar Project in the southwest part of Spain, the Kappa Project,
 both solar, combined in 400 megawatts of photovoltaic
 is full capacity, new capacity in Spain.
 And we are starting to put in operation parts of the Delta II project in the northeast part
 Spain in Aragon, in this case, are green farms, I have in mind that we put in operation
 80 million was more or less of a part of this project over the last weeks.
 So that means that we are on track of increasing what we are doing in the renewable business.
 The Cabo Leonense is now working with a project finance that will sign this quarter.
 are working on the HIKALINJA project to get a reality from this potential option that
 We are analyzing now.
 I mean, all that is on track.
 And, as I said before, when I present the strategic low-carbon strategy
 At the 1st of October, I mean, we have a period of time, we are not enough to incorporate
 a partner to this division, we want to do that because we think that it's important
 the entrance of an equity partner or an IPO in this business, I think that that's important
 the point of view to crystallize the value we are creating in this business that would be important
 but also to help us to find or to reduce the cost of capital of this business to be more competitive.
 But in the meantime, I mean, we are improving our position.
 We are seeing opportunities.
 We are not in a hurry to do that because, I mean, it's not a financial problem.
 We don't need, let me say, this cash to go on growing in this business.
 But we are raising opportunities.
 I asked for 18 months to take a decision and I'm still in the framework of this period.
 going to the hydrogen.
 I think that for the hydrogen beam refiners,
 What is important is the current and the development
 of the European regulation related to decarbonisation of liquids.
 That means that we could be competitive now, producing higher revenue over finalists because
 the refining is going to be used to our own refining operations, building the hydrocarbon
 and hydrogenating the oil will produce a feedstock.
 That means that this hydrogen, green hydrogen, is not competing in price terms with the green
 hydrogen coming from the reforming process of natural gas that, instead of that, competes
 with the alternative of unpalmed oil that is coming from Malaysia from some other parts
 So, we have a unique opportunity to develop this hydrogen business in coming two or three years.
 Remember that, that's all.
 today consumes a 62% of the total Spanish hydrogen consumption, and on top of that, I mean,
 reducing capex in hydrogen through the next year.
 In France, could be a way to reduce risk of this project,
 to reduce the capex intensity to accelerate the learning curve of this hydrogen and let
 say what is important, of course for the soul, but also for the Spanish society and for Spain
 to be a reference in Spain leading the hydrogen, the green hydrogen business in Europe.
 We have the opportunity to do that. Repsol could be the player.
 We are going to do it, and in case of having, let me say, some kind of public support to
 that what we could do is accelerate this process.
 And that is important not only for RAPSOL, but also for the whole Spanish economy.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Alessandro. Next question comes from Joshua Stone at Barclays.
 Hang sign, get off to moon. I've got a couple questions. I'm going to try and clarify again on this buyback.
 So if I understand correctly, you're going to be buying back 35 million shares in the
 market between November and the AGM in May. At that point, you will get approval to cancel
 the 75 million shares, but then over what time frame will you be cancelling the 75 million
 So, will you be canceling those at a faster rate than your 50 million per annum guidance?
 So that's just a clarification.
 And the second question, maybe this is a stupid question,
 but why do you need AGM approval to cancel the shares
 from the blind back?
 who sets those rules and because it doesn't be just distracting from your investment case
 and can you look to change those rules?
 Thank you.
 Thank you. First of all, I can't give you the accurate answer, but let me say that are
 Days could be one day, two days, three days, or some days, after the AGM, we proceed to
 cancel to redeem the 75 million shares.
 So that's the technical process today on the table
 to give you an answer, of course, our team is going to check that, but we are talking
 about days, a couple of days or some days after the AGM.
 Why do we need the approval of the ATM again?
 I'm not an expert, but the issue is Spanish regulation, and I think it seems to me that
 sure that that is also a European Union revelation.
 I'm not sure about this last part, but be sure that this Spanish regulation asks for
 the approval of the AGM to redeem or to cancel such a significant part of shares.
 And excuse me, I have asked to a member, the legal member of my team.
 Yes, okay. Thank you. It's Spanish company law, so it's Spanish regulation. Thank you.
 Okay, thank you
 Thank you, Joshua.
 Next question comes from Peter Lowe at Bread Room.
 First, which is the question on the refining margin premium.
 I think you said it was $0.5 a barrel in CQ, which was lower than 2Q.
 Can you perhaps explain some of the moving parts there and what level you might expect
 for the fourth quarter, and then secondly, and really sorry just for another clarifying
 question on the buyback, but the existing $40 million of Treasury shares that you already
 hold and that you plan to retire, can you disclose over what time period you acquired
 those shares?
 Thanks.
 So, thank you Peter, starting by your first question related to Refine Imagine Premium
 is to gross mower.
 The main factor I have to check, I mean, first of all, $0.5 per bubble is new printing over the IMC.
 But the main factor, it seems to me, that is related to the power electricity prices
 in Spain, and I'm going to try to develop the rationale.
 We are even in our industrial assets.
 That means that I can't remember this actually, but we have 600 megawatts of coal generation
 combining refining and chemical, and if we are, let me say, exporting to the system,
 and more or less 1.3%, 1.4% of the total Spanish consumption that we are buying for our own
 in industrial assets are even with this exporting.
 In regulatory terms, due to this, that means that in the medium term, we are not impacted
 in any way by this debate about the power prices because we are at the same time producers
 and consumers.
 It's true that in...
 In...
 In short terms, we have some kind of cap in the short term to the tariffs of the coal
 And for that reason, we have had a negative temporary effect that is going to be addressed
 in coming weeks, months.
 So, that's one of the factors.
 The other one is also that in the second quarter,
 We have an extra premium coming from the biofuels market that gave us opportunity to improve
 the margin we have.
 going to the second part of the period, what we have more or less in mind is that the premium
 could be at around, I mean, that is going to depend, that is not a commitment because
 You could have operational problems, operational or market advantages, but it's going to make
 my actor's dance today, what I have in mind is that we could be at around $0.5 per bubble
 in the quarter.
 take it into account that we are going to have penalty coming from the up part of the refinery
 of Cartagena. I want to say that I'm apart because that is impacting in a part of the
 and on the cooker of the refinery.
 So, all you know, I think that's 0.5 dollars per bubble,
 It could be a quite reasonable period.
 question. I mean, the buyback we have at the beginning of the year, I mean at the end of 2020,
 I have in mind, we have at that time 18 or 19 million shares in our balance sheet.
 So, if we have, at the end of September, 39 million shares,
 means that we have acquired 30 million shares over the whole period.
 I didn't have in mind the total cash applied to this purchase, but we could see that we
 We have invested around 300 million euros over the whole year, increasing the treasury
 stock of the company.
 Thank you.
 Thank you Peter.
 Well, that was our last question at this point,
 I'll bring our FAQA conference call to an end.
 Thank you very much for your attendance.
 That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect