 Hello and welcome to the Repsol's third quarter 2021 results conference call.
 Today's conference will be conducted by Mr. Yosuyo Nimas, CEO, and a brief introduction will be given by Mr. Ramon Alvarez-Pedroza, Head of Investor Relations.
 I would now like to hand the call over to Mr. Alvarez-Pedroza
 Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon, and welcome to Repsol's third quarter 2021 results conference call.
 Today's call will be hosted by Josue Joni Nass, our Chief Executive Officer, with other
 members of the Executive Team, Joni Nass, as well.
 Before we start, I advise you to read our disclaimer carefully.
 During this presentation, we may make forward-looking statements based on estimates.
 Actual results may differ materially, depending on a number of factors, as indicated in the
 disclaimer.
 I will now hand the call over to Joshua John.
 Thank you, Ramon, and thanks to everyone joining us today.
 I hope that all of you are doing well.
 In today's call, I'd like to cover the following main topics.
 Firstly, the key message of the quarter.
 Secondly, the divisional highlights and financial results.
 Thirdly, our capital allocation priorities in the current higher price scenario, namely
 our update ambitions in low carbon,
 and our proposal to increase
 shareholder remuneration.
 I'll finalize with or revise our look to the end of the year.
 At the end of this presentation, we'll be available to answer your questions.
 And let me start by reviewing the key messages.
 In the third quarter, Repsol has delivered an outstanding set of results and cash generation
 that consolidates our recovery to pre-pandemic levels.
 This performance has been supported by a positive market environment
 with all business segments
 benefiting from a higher demand
 for energy and petroleum products.
 In this context, the adjusted net income reached 623 million euros, its highest level since
 and I'm in 10%
 improvement compared to the same
 period in 2019.
 the accumulated results
 to September was 1.6
 billion euros, 3%
 below the first nine months
 of 2019.
 The underlying cash generation was strong
 I close all businesses
 with all the three divisions increasing their operating and free cash flow contributions
 what we can do.
 to the previous quarter.
 Cash flow from operations was 1.4 billion euros in the quarter, and the 3.4 billion accumulated
 through September.
 excluding working capital movements mainly related to an inventory build-up associated with higher
 prices.
 The operating
 .
 Cash flow was $1.7 billion in the quarter and $4.8 billion to September, a 28.6% increase
 respectively,
 compared to the same periods in 2019.
 free cash flow
 amounted to 0.9 billion euros in the quarter
 and $1.9 billion up to September, more than covering investments, interest,
 shareholder remuneration, and the purchase of Treasury shares in both periods.
 Net debt is 2.6.1 billion euros by the end of the quarter, roughly at 250 million euros
 reduction compared to June, and around €650 million lower than in December.
 At the operating level, upstream production was negatively impacted by issues in several
 Rashets, including the impact of
 Hurricane Ida in the Gulf of Mexico.
 By quarter-end, these issues have been solved
 and production has averaged around 575,000 net borrowers per day in October.
 longer term
 the value of a volume strategy remains
 intact with our focus
 on operational efficiency.
 knowing break-evens and the rationalization of our portfolio.
 In the Industrial Division, the performance of the refining business confirmed the inflection
 point that we anticipated in July.
 In chemicals, the margins remain strong, partially soften from the maximum achieved in the first
 half of the years.
 All in all, our strong performance year to date, together with a reinforced financial
 position and a better community
 He plays a look.
 is allowing us to move into the next phase of our capital allocation framework.
 Earlier this month, we announced increased ambitions for the energy transition.
 Accelerating investments in green hydrogen, renewable power generation, and e-mobility, among others.
 And aligned with this ambition, we increase our intermediate decarbonization targets to 2050.
 Now, the extra cash we expect to generate in a higher commodity price scenario
 has opened the possibility to improve the distributions for shareholders.
 In that sense, the Board of Directors has agreed to propose to the next annual general
 We are meeting a 5% increase of the shareholder remuneration to be paid in 2022 to 63 euro
 cents per share and a capital reduction through the redemption of 75 million treasury shares
 equivalent to around
 five percent of our share capital looking now very briefly to the evolution of the main macro
 indicators in the quarter.
 Starting with oil, Brent crude averaged around $74, 7% higher quarter-on-quarter, and 71% higher than a year ago.
 In gas, global prices increased sharply through the quarter, and we have averaged $4 per
 million BTU, 43% higher than in the second quarter, and 100% higher than in the second
 100% higher year-over-year.
 Prices were, let me underline this point, particularly strong in Asia and Europe, multiplying
 by four or five times their levels in 2020.
 The refining margin indicator benefits from the better market environment more than doubling
 COMPARED TO THE PREVIOUS QUARTER.
 Moving on now to the main divisional highlights, starting with the upstream.
 Production average, 530,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day.
 This was 6% lower than in the previous quarter and 14% below a year ago.
 As explained earlier, quarterly volumes were negatively impacted by production shoot-downs
 in the Gulf of Mexico, issues on the Peru LNG plant, delays in Trinidad and PSC effects
 due to the high prices of oil and gas.
 Compared to the first nine months of 2020, the operating cash flow per bottle has increased by 110% since January, above the increase of oil and gas prices.
 The load of production has been compensated by a higher
 share of oil in our mix and also by the contribution of Libya.
 Robsol's average gas realization price has increased by 77% in the first net months of 2021.
 the recent price
 ESCAL8 has continued in October, with some regional references achieving a sovereign
 to record
 certain levels. Gas accounts for around 60 to 65% of our production, so this price environment
 is beneficial for us
 in both terms
 around 20% of our gas sales
 are reference to all
 25% are on fixed contracts
 and 30% are exposed
 to North American
 spot prices
 mainly Henry Hub.
 The reminder
 production is most
 will not be linked to other regional spot references.
 Looking into our development activity EME in Norway.
 EME has started production this week
 al plateau
 the field is expected to produce
 56,000 gross barrels per day
 in unconventionals
 a second read in Marcellus
 and another one in Eagle 4 will start drilling operations in November.
 each rig is expected to contribute
 10,000 bottles per day of
 additional production in 2022.
 In the Gulf of Mexico, we took the final investment decision for the development of Sunsea North.
 The FIDs of Fora Casillas in Colombia and Leon Castile in the Gulf of Mexico are expected, these two FIDs, by year end.
 Moving on now to the industrial division, starting with the refining.
 Margins on utilization benefit from the recovery of demand driven by the progress of vaccination strategies on the end of mobility restrictions.
 The margin indicator averaged $3.20, a significant improvement from the $1.5 of the second quarter.
 and on top of this
 the flexibility of our system
 allow us to generate
 a half a dollar premium in the CCS margin.
 The impact of higher energy costs
 and the increase in the price of CO2
 were more than offset by wider products spreads
 and stronger heavy-to-light grid differentiators.
 Muggies were
 particularly solid
 in September
 as the strengthening of middle distillate differentials
 push
 indicator
 to $4.6 per barrel.
 The utilization of distillation and conversion capacity increased to the highest levels since the first quarter of 2020,
 pre-pandemic levels
 Driven by the better market dynamics.
 continue to be prioritizing
 the plants with the higher margins.
 The recovery of demand has also allowed to end the temporary layoffs adopted earlier this year in response to the weak market conditions.
 conditions. In October, work has started in the multi-annual planned turnaround of Cartagena
 refinery that will last
 45 days, it will
 require a total investment of
 Seventy.
 5 million euros, of which one-third will be deployed on energy efficiency initiatives
 that are going to improve the competitiveness of the refinery from now on.
 The chemicals business
 remain on track
 Yeah, I don't know.
 contact means that
 is on track to surpass
 it's 1 billion euros
 EBITDA guidance for the year.
 Repsol's technochemical margin indicator was 4% lower than in the second quarter.
 international margins remain at very healthy levels,
 partially eroded by the increase
 in the price of feed stocks.
 This was aligned with our expectation of a soft landing of margins towards the end of the year.
 After the quarter end, Repsol signed an agreement with the Portuguese government for the expansion
 of cynics that includes
 tax incentives of up to 63 million euros. Finally, let me highlight that the result of industrial
 segment
 was negatively impacted in the quarter by unmarked-to-market adjustments in the wholesale
 and gas trading business.
 Let me explain that because this adjustment corresponds to an accounting mismatch between
 the valuation of physical and financial possessions from gas transactions. We expect that this
 adjustment will be
 offset in the operating
 result in the coming months after the physical transactions materialize.
 The negative impact in industrial segment was partially offset at group level by a positive
 group.
 consolidation adjustment in the corporate and other line, also due to this gas position.
 Moving now to the Commercial and Renewables Division, starting with mobility.
 Sales in our service station in Spain increased gradually through the quarter and were, on average, 10% lower than in the same quarter in 2019.
 In renewables, we continue developing, assembling, and putting an operational project pipeline.
 In the U.S., we are making progress in our Hicalilla solar project.
 In Spain, the Valde Solar Photovoltaic project started to generate electricity in July and
 It is now fully operational.
 In Chile, our JV completed the construction of Cabo Leon S3, our first wing firm in the country,
 and secure long-term project finance.
 We also started the construction of the Atacama Wind Project.
 Lastly, after quarter N, Repsol was awarded 138 MW of new wind capacity in Spain in the
 in the recent Renewable Auction Health last week.
 Let me now review briefly the financial results.
 groups are just in the team
 income was 623 million euros, which compares to 7 million euros in the same period a year
 ago.
 By division, the adjusted net income of the upstream was 385 million euros, 334 million
 euros.
 Tiger, Year, and Year.
 mostly due to higher realization prices, partially offset by the lower production.
 in industrial
 The adjusted net income was 100 million euros, 167 million or higher than a year ago, mostly
 driven by chemicals and refining.
 The resulting commercial and renewables was 169 million euros in line with the same period
 of 2020.
 Better results in mobility and other segments were partially offset by the LPG business due
 to the regulated price formula
 you know that in case of
 of an increase in commodity prices,
 half
 agape
 to be
 translated to this
 price formula. Incorporate
 and others, the adjusted net income was 31 million euros negative, a 115 million improvement
 over the years.
 the same period a year ago.
 The result was positively impacted by higher results from treasury stock positions and
 the consolidation adjustment
 previously discussed, associated to gas pulsations.
 The groups EBITDA at CCS grew to 1.8 billion euros in the quarter,
 112% higher year on year,
 for unaccumulated 4.7 billion euros generated in the first nine months of the year.
 At this point, I want to elaborate on the allocation of the extra cash
 that we expect to generate
 thanks to the positive evolution of the main macroindicators.
 Our 2021 to 2025
 self-financed strategic plan
 includes a clear
 capital allocation policy
 for the extra cash
 generated in scenarios of higher commodity prices compared to our strategic price deck
 that, as you know,
 was set at $50 Brent and $2.50 Henry Hub.
 In the first place, we will invest in profitable growth opportunities within our portfolio.
 basically
 in the development of the new carbon platforms,
 accelerating our plans, or increasing our ambitions.
 Aligned with this, we have increased our planned renewable capex in 2021 by 0.3 billion euros.
 and the total low carbon investment between 2021 and 2025 by 1 billion euros.
 with that
 The share of low-carbon CAPEX until 2025 increases from 30% to 35%.
 And its rate in your capital employed is now expected to reach a figure close to 45% by 2030, above the 40% expected in the plan.
 In the second place, we will improve the distribution
 to your shareholders.
 operators, always searching for the most valuable choice for them.
 Our delivery in 2021 and improved outlook, at least in the short term, opens this possibility.
 Therefore, our board of directors has agreed to propose
 to the next annual general meeting and increase in the shareholder remuneration of 2022
 and a capital reduction through the redemption of treasury shares.
 as a consequence
 the cash dividend to be paid in 2020
 will amount to 63 euros cents per share, of course.
 5% of all the commitments set in our strategic plan.
 and we will redeem 75 million shares
 Launching in November a program to purchase 35 million shares, with the rest coming from our Treasury stock position.
 Today, with just two months to go to complete 2021, we expect that the cash flow from operations
 is going to be at least 1 billion euros
 above our budget.
 One-third of this extra cash has been allocated.
 one third
 more or less
 to each of the following areas increase of our
 Ring, ring, ring.
 Capex, mainly the entrance in the U.S. market, improve shareholder remuneration, building
 a treasury share position that will be
 available to redeem
 the 75 million shares
 once approved
 in the
 AGN. Reinforce
 Finally, our balance sheet and financial flexibility, reducing our net debt as part of our prudent
 financial policy
 and keeping the grid below the average forecast in our strategic plan.
 Before moving to our guidance, let me briefly review or update ambitions into the energy
 transitions that were
 thoroughly discussed
 you know
 recent low carbon day health earlier this month of October. In renewable hydrogen we increase
 or capacity objective by up 40% in 2025
 to 550 megawatts equivalent and by a 60% in 2030 to 1.9 gigawatts.
 In renewable generation, we have accelerated our capacity ambition by up 15% in 2025 to
 six gigawatts and by a 60%
 in 2030
 to 20 gigawatts.
 Finally, in the customer-centric business, we will reinforce e-mobility offering with
 with the installation of more than 1,000 public points of research in Spain and Portugal in
 and Iberia by 2022 deploying either a fast or ultra-fast
 charger every 50 km in Spain, living on the sites we already have.
 Moreover, our enhanced ambitions in eucarbon, together with unfavorable regulatory environment
 and technological breakthrough allow us to increase our intermediate
 decarbonization targets to 2050. The carbon intensity indicator reduction targets increase
 from 12% to 15% in 2025,
 from 25% to 28% in 2030,
 and from 50 to 55 percent in 2040.
 At this point, I want to take you through
 I'll update our look to the end of the year.
 Full-year production is expected to average around 580,000 net bubbles per day, a 3% reduction
 compared to the previous guidance due to longer operational issues already solved.
 in refining
 We expect to beat our previous guidance of $2 per barrel average margin indicator in 2021.
 the indicator has averaged
 $4.5 in October and we expect
 we expect it to remain
 a low $4 during the rest of the quarter.
 The expected EBITDA CCS now stands at 6.7 billion euros,
 A 0.6 billion euros increase compared to previous estimates and 65% above 2020.
 and that is expected to close
 2021
 one at around 6 billion euros, less than one time a bit.
 To wrap up, Repsol has delivered a remarkable third-quarter performance aligned with pre-pandemic
 with us, or resulting
 the first nine months together with an improved commodity outlook have allowed us to accelerate
 investment in low carbon
 and increase the remuneration to our shareholders,
 maintaining at the same time
 of financial discipline.
 in the end term
 the new opportunities
 generated this year
 The support of favorable climate policies and a better environment
 have encouraged us to increase our ambitions towards the energy transition.
 Going forward, we will maintain our focus and force on the delivery of our commitments
 I'm the strategic plan.
 transforming our operations and business
 to become more
 efficient, and competitive.
 Digitalization, technology, and new ways of working will be key enablers of our transition,
 allowing us to remain leaders of our sector in our pathway to net zero emissions in 2050.
 With that, I now hand the call back to Ramon, who will lead us through a question and answer
 session.
 Thank you very much, Yoshidom.
 Before moving on the Q&A session, I would like the operator to remind us of the process
 to ask a question.
 Please go ahead, operator.
 Thank you.
 As a reminder, if you wish to ask a question, please press star and one on your telephone
 keypad and wait for your name to be announced if you wish to cancel your
 request peace press
 the hash key once again. To ask a
 question, please press star and one on your telephone keypad.
 Thank you, operator.
 Let me now move to the Q&A session.
 Our first question comes from Viras Volcataria at RBC.
 Hi, thanks for taking my question.
 The first one, I just wanted to clarify on the buyback front.
 So you have 75 million shares, some of which are already in hand.
 I was just wondering why you don't cancel the shares as and when you buy them.
 What's the rationale for keeping some Ash Treasury?
 because it maybe would be simpler to just announce the buyback
 that equates to what you're actually buying in the market.
 Thank you.
 And then the second question is on 2022 CapEx guidance.
 Should we assume a sort of modest increase from 2021 levels?
 and if so, how much?
 And maybe, you know, if there is an increase, can you talk about where the incremental capex is going outside of renewables?
 Is it higher activity in the U.S. onshore or anywhere else?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Riyas.
 I mean, first of all, the proposal of our board approved yesterday is clear, is defined,
 is the redemption or the cancellation of these 75 million shares
 that is more or less
 a figure close to 5% of the number of shares of the total capital of Repsol,
 but legally
 this
 redemption, this cancellation
 has to be approved
 by the AGM
 this spring
 So our board is going to present this proposal to the AGM this spring to be approved.
 going through
 your point
 about the capex in the
 upstream
 I think that
 in
 2023 we are going to
 recover in some way. Let me
 Okay.
 normal
 or average couples level
 in the company
 and also in the EMP.
 Excuse me.
 Some things, or some part of the CAPEX is out, went away forever.
 for instance
 the exploratory effort
 we have in the past
 because you know that we are going to invest
 at around $200-$250 million per year
 in the exploration,
 mainly focus in our
 main production
 where we have a clear competitive advantages,
 where we have facilities
 where we have
 a clear capacity to monetize
 Eh
 De
 these resources in the short term and so on,
 But we are in some way in the process to go back to the normal.
 in this sense it seems to me
 that in the upstream we are going
 to
 to invest
 in CAPEX terms
 more
 less 600 million dollars more in 2022 comparing with what is going to be the capex level in 2021
 The main drivers of this increase of CAPEX are going to be, of course, the effort we are doing now,
 and we are going to develop in 2022 in the unconventional world.
 We have two RICs in the Marcellus, and we have two, three RICs, sorry, now,
 two weeks in the legal forum
 and we are going to increase
 with our first rig
 that our effort
 in region 4.
 as I said in July
 the first rig is going to
 10,000 barrels per day, more or less, in every case, Eagle Ford and the Marcellus, and the
 The second one is going to add more or less at around 5-6 thousand barrels per day in
 of these assets.
 On top of that, I mean, we are taking FIDs, we approve in the case of Backskin Annual.
 this summer we took
 we approve the
 FID of the Sensi North Park
 On top of that, probably, this fourth quarter, we are going to see new FIDs as Leon Castile in the Gulf of Mexico.
 the CPU 9 is going to come
 in the first quarter of
 2022. On top
 of that, I mean,
 2022,
 too, we are going to cope with
 the DFID of the PICA
 pick apart
 in Alaska
 and also we are working now to enter our rig in the Creighton Edson area in Canada, taking
 advantages of the current gas
 price
 situation in the area.
 So, all that is going to have a clear effect in production terms.
 I know and I understand that production has been a concern for the market.
 And in some moments, I mean, markets thought that we had an underinvestment in the E&P production.
 I mean, let me underline again that unfortunately this year we have suffered some one-shot effects,
 the 25
 bottles per day
 we have lost
 about this quarter
 that impeded
 LNG, that
 fault or due to
 peru-LNG that fortunately has been
 soft and now he's working
 in a normal way,
 the 30,000
 bodies per day.
 we have lost
 for the whole year,
 due to the decline of BPTT.
 and unfortunately after
 Hey, dude.
 the
 the startup process of Matapal
 has been recovered in 10, 12 barrels per day, more or less,
 INE is in operation since this week.
 We are going to see a ramp up in coming weeks, months, but we are going to achieve a peak
 or 50,000 bottles per day,
 more or less gross over
 2022 and remember
 that we have a 55%
 of the stake
 Okay, of this asset.
 So, all in all, we are quite comfortable about the guidance we have in the strategic plan for 2022.
 It's true that, I mean, we are not going to recover some barriers.
 the first one
 The bubbles, I mean, that went because the divestment process in the company, I mean,
 Russia, what is going to disappear from Malaysia and TTF, all that is going to reduce comparing
 you're in a team
 the
 number of barrels in that figure that could be close to more or less 30, 35,000 barrels
 per day, on top of that
 we must
 due to
 Hig- Hig- Hig-
 crisis.
 12, 15 bars per day
 due to your PSC contracts.
 I mean, all in all, today we are comfortable with our production level
 at around 605,000 bottles per day
 for the whole 2022 period
 that fits with the figure we have in the strategic plan
 taking into account
 the new prices
 the PSC
 defect and defect of the investment.
 And so, no concern about the production level of the company
 because we are recovering
 the figures we had
 before and I don't know
 Did you find missing something, Bias?
 No.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 No, no, no, no.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Svira's next question comes from Oswald Klin at Bernstein.
 Thank you.
 As well, I'm here.
 No, pues pasa.
 Thank you.
 I'll see you sometime again.
 Can you hear me?
 Yes.
 Finally, could you talk about, you know, things like the Camasea gas field in Peru?
 Obviously, some potential issues coming up there.
 obviously tricky to call but any discussions you're having there with with the government
 around that field as it might affect Peru, but also unplanned maintenance.
 You've talked about it there today, but I mean, do you think you have this under control again for 2022 so that we don't see this unplanned maintenance popping up again next year?
 And then secondly, could I ask, you talked about LPGs and some of the margin being lagged, but could you also talk about lubricants and specialties?
 I think your feedstock is putting a bit of margin pressure here in the quarter.
 When do we see that starting to normalize for you, please?
 Thank you.
 Oh, thank you, Oswald.
 I mean
 starting from the
 unplanned.
 Let me say, of course, we have an
 operator and an operator
 always have
 could have hypothetically
 unplanned problems
 in their operations
 but let me underline
 that the two main problems
 the big problems we have suffered
 over
 2021
 they were not
 assets operated by
 by Repsol
 the first one was
 you know that we
 don't have
 not even a mistake
 in the plant. We are not the operators.
 We suffer the consequences
 for the exports
 for the whole country
 and in BPTT
 where we have
 I mean, a mistake of a 30%, a good partner and a good operator,
 but we have unplanned problems in the country
 and a decline that was larger than expected.
 but as I said before
 I prefer to see the positive part
 and the positive part is that Matapal is partially offsetting this reduction of production in
 BPTT
 Going to Peru
 let me underline that
 in Peru we have seen
 different
 scenarios over the last
 20-25 years, a Turkish
 unstable country with solid institutions and where I think that the rule of law works in
 the country. Saying that
 I mean, in every country where we operate,
 the
 talks
 conversations, and
 potential
 negotiations with governments about
 the assets and revenues
 and so on
 And let me say, in Camisea we have a 10% of our stake.
 is not even the main asset we have
 in Peru
 and
 I mean, we have, of course, ready, as always,
 to have a strong close
 and good relationships with governments in countries where we operate.
 and let me say that is not an exception at all.
 going to the
 to the
 rubricant business
 is
 that margin they were under pressure during the quarter. By year end, we might see margins
 in a normal level
 It's true that raw materials, mainly the lubricant-based raw materials,
 have increased due to commodity prices.
 I mean, however, even in this situation where margins were, let me say, suffering a bit
 comparing with
 with the recent past
 a good
 abic and business
 a
 and good pigamel has,
 happen
 we have had a good
 performance of the business
 Even in this bad scenario
 the YB
 is working in a way better than expected even in this scenario
 and seeing that margins are on track
 of being normalized
 let me be a bit optimistic
 about the pollution of an applicant's business.
 Thank you as well.
 Thank you, Oswald.
 as next question comes from
 Michele de la Viña at Goldman Sachs.
 Thank you very much for the time, and thank you just to John.
 I had two questions, if I may.
 great news on the
 5% increase in the dividend for this year.
 I was wondering, how should we read that impact on the forward expectations for the dividend?
 Should we expect that the whole curve that you showed, that the strategy presentation effectively moves up by 5% or simply that we get more gradually to the 70 cents in 2024?
 And then my second question is on your industrial operations, which I thought, I believe we all pretty much expected to be a bit stronger this quarter with margins going about $3 per barrel.
 and yet EBITDA was down
 100 million Q on Q.
 I was wondering if you could perhaps dissect some of that.
 how impactful were the gas
 derivatives and
 whether you think that with improving
 with a further improvement in the refined images we've seen in Q4
 that we could see a material
 improvement in your industrial EBITDA.
 Thank you, just to join.
 Thank you, Michael. Thank you.
 I mean, starting from the first part of your question, let me say something that is evident, but I prefer to underline it.
 I mean, what we are using today is that we are going to increase a 5% the 2022 cash
 that we are using today.
 evident.
 In addition, we are going to cancel 75 million of shares with that program to be launched
 this month
 I mean this month
 I mean
 November 2021
 of 35 million of shares
 and the other 40 million of shares
 coming from the current
 treasury stock position
 physical or derivatives
 related to a better price scenario we had in the past.
 So, I mean, we are going to launch this purchasing program of 35 million shares in November.
 As I explained before to Virash, the annual general assembly in the spring will cancel
 will redeem this
 75 million of shares.
 I mean, but I understand your point, Mikel.
 I mean, I'm not, let me say, rigid and close in my mind.
 I understand your point.
 Is this proposal the end of the road?
 I mean, my answer is definitely not.
 Is our strategic plan distribution roadmap written on stone without any remote possibility
 to be modified or improved
 Of course, Michele not.
 I mean, saying that, let me again, to be apparent, all that is defined in the framework of the strategic plan,
 but let me emphasize that providing a competitive shareholder
 remuneration has always been
 a pillar in Repsol strategy
 and we have traditionally been a good distribution player.
 And remember, Michele, as I said when we presented our strategic plan last year,
 and not the enterprise scenario
 Diestra cash.
 generated will be allocated
 either
 to project acceleration and growth
 and also to increase
 shareholders' remuneration.
 is exactly what we are announcing today.
 and that will be exactly what we'll do in the close future
 in case of seeing a pretty good macro scenario
 and a good cash generation.
 And that is exactly what we will do in case of seeing this Strakash innovation in the future.
 but let me please, Michele, being present, taking today the decisions we have to take today
 and
 leaving for the future the decisions that have to be taken in the future.
 In case, of course, of seeing a sustainable cash improvement over the whole period of the plant.
 all that of course
 keeping going our
 a true balance sheet.
 And going to your question about the industrial area, I mean, you are right, because refining
 is performing in the right way, margins, the fourth quarter, are going to be significantly
 better than
 in the cell phone
 I don't know
 depending on
 30 or 50 percent
 better than in
 Because we have experience, 4.5.
 dollars per bottle.
 in October
 and being prudent of expectation is that the average of
 or
 coming to months
 I'm going to do a vote for Boris
 per barrel.
 All right.
 What are we missing?
 What we are missing, Michele, is that we have a negative impact at around 90-100 million euros
 at adjusted income level
 in industrial segment
 what is the
 reason for this
 negative impact
 I'm going to try to be clear and didactic.
 in September
 August and September
 We vote
 a volume
 in the Spanish market for the month of
 December or January
 at a fixed price
 And we transform this volume to a price with a TTF reference.
 and we close
 on a small margin that is based on the differentials applied to the purchase and the sale with
 respect to the TTF. I mean, the margins
 are going to be there
 and they are going to be positive
 at the end of the road.
 No doubt about that.
 The physical purchase will be very positive since the market price that is correlated with TTF has risen a lot.
 And the financial position that is inverse of the previous one represents losses.
 So, the problem is that the first, the positive one, will be collected in the EBIT of December or in January, and the second one, the market position, is reflected in September, in the P&L of September.
 and these 90 or 100 million euros negative in the industrial area
 are related to this mark-to-market position and it's true that in the opposite sense we have an
 an intra-group positive adjustment that is partially, with 40-45 million euros, is partially
 offsetting this effect
 in the corporate side
 and all that is related
 to the intragroup
 activity between
 I'll go on.
 our gas supply,
 activity and the electricity
 and gas retail business.
 So, all in all, we have a negative effect in the adjusted wealth result of 100 million
 euros in the industrial side and we have a positive effect of 40 million euros that has
 the same nature, the same
 in the corporate and financial side.
 And let me underline again, the negative part, I mean, this gap is going to appear in a positive way in fourth quarter and first quarter of the year.
 and all that is going to depend, of course,
 evolution of when it's going
 to appear, depending on
 the closing date
 of the physical operation
 is going to appear in a positive way
 in the P&L
 and that is the rationale
 of what is happening
 in the industrial
 Pianet
 Nothing to do with the refining, nothing to do with the chemical.
 It is performing in a great way.
 is the mark-to-market position
 that is partially offset
 in the corporate and financial side.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Miguel.
 The next question comes from Sasi Kanchi Lukuru at Morgan's Valley.
 Sasi Kanchi Lukuru at Morgan's Valley.
 following up on the refining margins
 and wanted to check the impact of the higher energy costs
 and the higher hydrogen costs.
 you highlighted
 4.5 billion
 $4.5 per barrel refining margin so far
 in 4Q.
 Can you just confirm that this includes the increases in the energy prices?
 and it would be great
 if you can isolate the impact of higher hydrogen costs
 on defining margins at present.
 My second question was related to the 2021 CapEx, which you have reiterated at 2.9 billion euros.
 that kind of implies a very
 significant increase in capex for 4Q, almost more than double the quarterly run rate we
 have seen so far, if you can just provide some guidance on where this higher capex is
 coming from
 and also apologies
 if you have already flagged this
 but can you confirm
 what the guidance for ENP-CAPEX is for 2021.
 Thanks.
 So, thank you, Yeshua.
 excuse me
 It was my mistake.
 all defect
 of the gas price
 that is a variable cost for a refining system is
 fully included
 in the
 a refining margin indicator.
 So when we say that in the first quarter the refining market indicator was $3.2, $3.3 per barrel, and in October has been $4.5 per barrel,
 that
 let me say the negative
 effect of the cost increase
 of the gas to feed
 these refineries
 artfully included in this
 of course
 are impacting
 in a negative way
 compare it with our budget
 and more or less
 I have in mind the figure that we have experienced in October
 a negative effect of $0.7, $0.8 per bottle in the third quarter.
 and in October
 due to this effect
 but all that is already included
 When we say that the margin is $4.5 per bottle in October, the huge TTF prices and MVP prices
 and so on.
 In Europe,
 art includes
 and the cost of all that
 is included in this margin
 so
 And same thing, of course, because
 we produce the hydrogen with gas
 we can do it
 And the CO2 prices at around, I can't remember the figure, but $60, $62.
 You go out.
 per ton of CO2
 in the third quarter
 and in October are included in this
 valuable cost, because, I mean,
 the construction of a refining margin indicator
 it's made
 taking
 oil prices and the slate of crude oils we use plus the products and the spreads of the products
 part-plash
 the valuable cost we have that they are
 many, all
 gas
 and the hydrogen
 we use
 on top of that
 But the CO2 this year is fully included as a valuable cost in the refining margin.
 So we are taking into account all that when we say that we have had a refining margin
 of $3.2, $3.3 per barrel this first quarter, or $4.5 per barrel in October.
 going to
 your second point
 yes you are right
 We are going to see a significant increase in the first quarter, 2021, for E&P CapEx
 that are going to come mainly from the investment effort
 we have developed in the unconventional
 and I referred to this
 fought before
 and the progress of the FID of the projects I mentioned before.
 like you are right
 We are going to see achieving 2.9 billion euros
 a total capex guidance for the whole company in 2021 and 1.1 billion euros, 1.3 billion dollars more
 for the EMP
 and this year.
 for that reason I said before
 that what we are going to see in 2022
 is going to be at around 1.9 billion dollars
 in the case of almost two
 billion dollars in the case
 of the, I mean, 2, 1.9, 2,
 2.1 is going also to depend
 on the
 on the exchange rates
 that I have in mind
 that I mean
 We are at around $2 billion is going to be the effort in CAPEX terms of the E&P in 2022.
 to. Thank you.
 Thank you, Sassi.
 Next question comes from John Rigby
 at UBS
 Thank you for taking my question.
 Hi, Josie-Jean.
 Can I just circle back on distributions again?
 First, on the buyback, it always gets me confused.
 And I think the point about the Treasury shares, et cetera, always I stumble on.
 And so can we just go through some of the mechanics of this?
 Can you explain to me, do you have call options or anything sat in Treasury that you can use to buy back or to realize some of the buyback of these shares?
 And therefore, is there some sort of cost or lower cost in acquiring the shares and putting them into Treasury?
 and just trying to understand what you have physically in Treasury
 and what you have in sort of synthetics or derivatives.
 And is it the intention to buy back, I think, the $35 million through to the end of this year so that it's sort of cleaned out?
 and then
 just one piece of sort of arithmetic.
 I was a little puzzled about was
 I think you say
 40 million
 you see 75 million
 of
 shares to be
 cancelled
 that you are doing
 35 million in the market
 but you have 45 million treasury shares already.
 Why not just take that all out and take the whole 80 million Treasury shares and just clean the whole thing up?
 I don't quite understand why we go backwards and forwards on this,
 partly in the market, partly in Treasury, et cetera.
 That's it, just on some mechanics of the buyback.
 And just secondly, on the dividend,
 Um,
 Is it your sort of sense that the dividends should reflect underlying performance of the business
 and operating performance of the business and the buyback, the sort of macro surplus?
 in which case I'm again a little puzzled
 why you've chosen to sort of allocate this surplus partly to a recurring commitment,
 i.e. the dividend, and partly to the buyback.
 Just sort of philosophically, could you explain that, please?
 Thank you, John.
 I mean, I promise you that I'm going to do my best to explain all that.
 but I will guarantee
 in the
 The result, because it's complex, but I'll do my best.
 I mean, today, today means at the end of September, at the end of the self-culture.
 we have
 .
 shares in cash
 that is part of our balance sheet
 And 74 million shares in equity derivative instruments.
 40 million
 shares in a color
 that I remember that at that time
 was acquired
 at price at around
 I have to check the figure
 at 8.2 euros per share more or less,
 but it's market-to-market, of course, as a derivative caller.
 and we have 24 million
 in equity stocks
 that are not
 part of a balance sheet. That means that we have
 74 million shares in equity
 derivative plus 49 million shares in cash.
 What we are going to do now is
 We are going to take
 40 million shares of this
 physical
 shares that are part of our balance sheet
 And we are going to launch a new program, a purchasing program developed under the rules
 to do this kind of thing
 that is going to be launched in November
 and it's going to
 to, to, to stand till, uh,
 It's going to last till the spring
 to before.
 the AGM
 to acquire
 35 million shares in the market.
 I mean, your question is right.
 Why are you doing that instead of taking what you have in your hands?
 I mean, first of all, because that is not going to be the last shot
 That means that we are going to go on with the buyback policy of the company.
 I mean, I'm not going to enter
 on the debate about
 we are going to
 to redeem
 only the 200 million
 shares
 we commit in the strategic plan
 or more,
 as I said before
 I mean
 we have
 to grow step by step
 and today that is the step we have to develop
 And be sure that if we have room to do more things in the future, we'll do it young.
 And I'm going to your last point.
 Why to distribute some in cash and some in buybacks?
 I mean, first of all, and I'm linking all that with the protection program,
 because I think that
 the action
 the shirt
 is not for
 reflect in the real value of the company.
 and I think that we have
 that your
 opportunity to create value
 for the shareholders buying
 today shares of Repsol
 in the market. And we are going to do
 that in the framework of our program under the law to redeem the shares and so on and
 and we are going to stay
 keeping going
 these options that could come
 in the future.
 So that is the rationale behind the distribution combining cash and buybacks
 because we think that
 buying shares today
 is a better option for shareholders
 than
 the time
 the dividend in cash
 of course
 we combine both options because for
 some shareholders cash is
 also an interesting
 option and
 I mean
 if you take
 your
 models and you see
 the cash flow from operations we have had this year,
 what we expect in 2022
 And the fourth, we are developing in terms of distribution and combining buybacks and
 combining
 cash
 dividend and taking into account that we are going to use 40 million shares that were acquired
 in 2021, I mean, you could see
 just already know
 we are more or less
 going back
 to our dividend
 That is close to 0.9, 0.87, 0.88 cents of euro per share, all in all, the combination of both years, so every year, 0.9, as I said, and we are going to grow in the future.
 And so we are almost a year after the pandemic, we are almost recovering the dividend we had before the pandemic in the past.
 And we are going to go on improving this distribution policy.
 John, if we have room
 to do that
 are always under a principal
 with financial privacy
 because if you touch this figure,
 you can see that what we are
 applying in
 These two years, 2021-2022 combined, is below 30% of the figure fitting with the cash flow from operation.
 That means that we are current, we are mainstream in the sector, in Europe, in our sector, in
 terms of
 distribution
 policy
 and
 and expecting that we have room to improve the cash flow from operations in the future,
 be sure that we have also room to increase
 and to improve the dividend distribution in the future.
 That is true that I prefer to be proud because, I mean, I have to go step by step taking into account the volatility we are seeing in the macro scenario.
 Thank you, John.
 Thank you for the color.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, John.
 Next question comes from Matt Loftin at J.P. Morgan.
 Hi, gents. Thanks for taking the questions. Two, if I could please. First, following up from John's previous question on the cash return and specifically the buyback program.
 I think the acceleration
 around the 200 million share program is welcome.
 thinking about it
 they're in the context at this point of
 accelerating the program. I wonder if you
 could just expand on
 As we move forward, assuming that macro conditions remain above your $50 base plan,
 and what would make you think about expanding the scale of the program above 200 million shares
 as opposed to purely accelerating the time horizon of the program.
 And then secondly, coming back to the industrial business in the context of the comments that
 he made earlier around the transitory nature
 of the Durative Effect in 3Q.
 Could you just clarify the EBITDA expectations that you have
 for the industrial business this year
 within the sort of the 6.7 total
 and how that compares to your strategic plan expectations.
 Thank you.
 So, thank you, Matt.
 I mean, let me say, as I said before, that nothing is written on a stone.
 we have a guidance
 the guidance is the strategic plan
 but be sure
 that we are going to
 follow the capital allocation
 policy I define
 when we presented the strategic plan.
 That means that any extra cash
 under the principle of financial pregnancy and strengthening the balance sheet,
 It's going to be focused on growing in low-carbon platforms,
 anticipating the future,
 and increasing the shareholder distribution for our shareholders.
 And, I mean, today the framework is 200 million shares.
 that's good.
 but let me say that
 that is going to occur
 potentially evolved
 depending on the cash flow
 from the operations, the macro scenario
 and of course the sheer prize
 because if we are
 I mean
 I'm talking about hypothesis, a disclaimer.
 if we are in one year
 15 years per share
 for instance in Repsol, in that case
 or a 16 perhaps could be a better option to increase the cash part of the distribution
 and reducing
 or limiting
 the share buyback
 I mean because we are in some way
 preparing all the scenarios
 for that reason
 we are comfortable
 keeping going. These 74 million
 shares inequity
 derivative instruments that I
 mentioned before
 to John
 But, again, that is today's decision coming from the extra cash we are having today
 and depending on the evolution
 of this cash flow
 from operations
 and the potential
 extra cash of the future, we could
 hypothetically take some other
 decisions in this
 line, as I said before.
 step by step
 Going to your question about the EBITDA expectation for industrial business this year.
 What we expect this year is 2.2 billion EBITDA in 2021.
 Let me underline
 that I'm talking about
 Me for a bidat, I mean, the...
 pure abidda, if I go to a figure
 of Ebida Asisius
 The figure this year for the whole industrial business is going to be 1.5 billion euros.
 If we compare with what we have in the industrial area, what we have in the strategic plan for
 this year 2021 was
 1.6 video
 because we were
 taking at that time
 $50 per hour for the whole
 period
 that means that
 it seems to me
 have to check the figure, that more or less
 will be the same in our
 forecast
 for 2021.
 one. Let me say that
 the figure is
 more or less
 will be expected to be forecast
 in our industrial
 area
 in 2021
 and the rest of the plan
 the better
 chemical business
 is in some way
 of checking what
 we are losing in the refining business
 because you know that over the last half of the year
 the margin has been due to no expected waves of the pandemic in Europe
 has been significantly lower than expected.
 and now we are starting to recover.
 And let me say where we are.
 seen by 2022
 in margin terms
 is
 you
 probably better than the expectations we had in our strategic plan for 2022, or aligned
 with the expectation we have.
 My point is we are recovering the pre-pandemic pathway
 and in some way
 we have been punished
 in the first half
 of the 2021 because the
 pandemic
 a standard
 unfortunately longer than expected
 on the forecast we had last year
 when we present it's strategic plan
 in November. Thank you, Matt.
 Thank you very much, Mark.
 The next question comes from Alejandro Vigil at Bestinberg.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 a couple of questions
 about the low-carbon strategy.
 One is about your thoughts about the different options you have to crystallize value in renewables
 and in the customer-centric activity.
 You were planning IPO, private investors.
 if you can elaborate on that, please.
 And the second question is about the European Union Next Generation Funds.
 how important are these funds for your strategy in low carbon,
 particularly in hydrogen, which is the level of financial support you need from these funds
 to go ahead with your hydrogen projects.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Alejandro.
 Thank you very much.
 going to
 your question about the low-carbon strategy.
 I mean, the most important thing, Alejandro, is that we go on performing, developing projects
 over the last quarter
 we have
 launch
 the Valdez Solar project
 in the southwest part of Spain,
 the Kappa Project
 both
 solar, combining 400 megawatts of photovoltaic in storage capacity, new capacity in Spain.
 we are starting
 to put in operation parts of the Delta II project
 and in the northeast part of Spain, in Alagon, in this case,
 our green farms
 I have in mind
 that we put in operation
 80 megawatts more or less
 apart of this project
 over the last weeks
 So that means that we are on track of increasing what we are doing in the renewable business.
 Cabo Leonés is now
 work you with
 a project finance
 that will sign this
 quarter. We are
 working on the
 Hikariya project to
 get our reality
 from this potential
 option that we are analyzing
 I mean all that is on track
 And as I said before, when I present the strategic low-carbon strategy at the 1st of October,
 I mean, we have a period of time we are not enough having to incorporate a partner to this division.
 we want to do that
 Because we think that is important the entrance of an equity partner
 or an IPO in this business.
 I think that that's important from the point of view, to crystallize the value we are creating
 business, that would be important, but also to help us to find or to reduce the cost of
 capital of this business to be
 more competitive
 but in the meantime
 I mean
 We are improving our position.
 we are seeing opportunities
 we are not enough
 happy to do that
 because, I mean, it's not a financial problem.
 And we don't need, let me say, this cash to go on growing in this business.
 But we are analyzing opportunities.
 I asked for 18 months to take a decision, and I'm still in the framework of this period.
 going to the hydrogen
 I think that for the hydrogen, being refiners, what is important is the current and the development of the European regulation related to decarbonization of liquids.
 That means that
 we could be competitive
 now producing hydrogen in your refineries
 because even finally it's going to be used
 to refining operations, building the hydrocarbon chain,
 hydrogenating the oil
 will produce a fit stock.
 That means that this hydrogen, green hydrogen, is not competing in price terms
 with the green hydrogen coming from the reforming process of natural gas
 that instead of that competes
 with the alternative of palm oil
 that is coming from Malaysia,
 and some other parts of the world.
 So, we have a unique opportunity to develop this hydrogen business in the coming two or three years.
 remember that
 And today,
 consumes
 as 62% of the total
 it's funny
 hydrogen consumption
 I'm on top of that, I mean,
 then we say,
 eh,
 reducing capex in hydrogen
 through the next generation funds
 could be a way to reduce
 risk of this project to
 reduce the CAPEX intensity
 to accelerate the learning curve
 of this hydrogen
 and let me say what is important
 of course for the show
 but also for the Spanish society and for Spain
 to be a reference in Spain
 leading the hydrogen
 the green hydrogen business in Europe
 We have the opportunity to do that. Repsol could be the player.
 we are going to do it
 And in case of having, let me say, some kind of public support to that, what we could do
 accelerate this process that is
 important not only for
 Repsol, but also for the whole Spaniel
 economy. Thank you.
 Congratulations, Alejandro.
 Thank you, Alejandro.
 The next question comes from Joshua Stone at Barclays.
 Thanks, Ian. Good afternoon.
 I've got a couple of questions, and I'm going to try and clarify again on this buyback.
 So if I understand correctly, you're going to be buying back 35 million shares in the market between November and the AGM in May.
 at that point you will get approval to cancel the 75 million shares but then over what time frame
 will you be cancelling the 75 million shares so will you be cancelling those at a faster rate than
 your 50 million per annum guidance.
 So that's just a clarification.
 question.
 Maybe this is a stupid question, but why do you need AGM approval to cancel the shares from the buyback?
 who sets those rules
 because it does seem to be distracting
 from your investment case
 and can you look to change those rules?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Mr. Chairman.
 First of all, I can't give you the accurate answer, but let me say that are days, days
 could be one day, two days, three days
 of some days after the AGM
 will proceed to
 cancel, to redeem the
 75 million shares.
 So that's the technical process that today I'm not able to give you an answer.
 Of course, our team is going to check that.
 that we are talking about
 days, a couple of days
 some days after the ADN.
 Why do we need the allowance for the approval of the ATM?
 I mean, again, I'm not an expert, but be sure.
 Spanish regulation
 and I think this seems to me
 but then you should know that that is also
 in the European Union regulation.
 but be sure that this Spanish regulation asks for the approval of the AGM
 to redeem or to cancel
 such a significant part
 of shares.
 excuse me, I have asked
 to a member
 the legal member of my team
 Matt, yes, okay.
 Thank you Miguel
 in Spanish company law
 So, it's a Spanish violation.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you, Joshua.
 Our next question comes from Peter Lowe at Red Room.
 The first was just a question on the refining margin premium.
 I think you said it was $0.5 a barrel in CQ, which was lower than 2Q.
 Can you perhaps explain some of the moving parts there
 and what level you might expect for the fourth quarter?
 and then secondly
 and really sorry
 just for another clarifying question
 on the buyback
 But the existing 40 million of Treasury shares that you already hold and that you plan to retire, can you disclose over what time period you acquired those shares? Thanks.
 Ciao.
 Now, thank you, Peter, starting by your first question related to the refining margin
 premium is to
 gross
 lower.
 the main factor
 I have to check more.
 I mean, first of all, $0.5 per barrel is a good premium over the IMC.
 but
 the main factor
 It seems to me that it is related to the power electricity prices in Spain.
 and I'm going to try to develop
 the rationale
 we are even in our industrial
 in our industrial assets
 that means that
 I can't remember the exact figure,
 but we have 600 megawatts of cogeneration
 of combining refining and chemical
 and if we are
 let me say
 export into the system more or less
 1.3, 1.4% of the total
 Spanish consumption
 what we are buying
 for our own needs in industrial assets
 are even with this exported.
 in regulatory terms
 due to this
 that means that in the mid-long term
 we are not impacted
 in any way by this
 debate about the
 power prices because we are at the same time
 producers and consumers
 It's true that in regulatory terms we have some kind of cap in the short term
 to the tariffs of the co-generations, and for that reason, we have had a negative temporary
 That's a good thing.
 that is going to be redressed
 in coming
 in coming weeks, months.
 So, that's one of the factors.
 The other one is also that in the second quarter we have an extra premium coming from the biofuels market
 that gave us opportunity to improve the margin we had.
 Going to the second part of the period, what we have more or less in mind is that the premium
 could be at around
 that is going to depend
 that is not a commitment because
 we could have operational problems
 or previsional
 on market advantages, but
 is going to, my
 at first glance,
 Today, what I have in mind is that we could be at around $0.5 per barrel in the quarter.
 take it into account
 that we are going to have
 Penachy
 coming from the maintenance program of a part of the refinery of Cartagena.
 I'm going to say a part
 because that is impacting in a part of the distillation and on the cocker of the refinery.
 So, all in all, I think that $0.5 per bubble could be a quite reasonable period.
 Going to your question, the buyback we had at the beginning of the year, I mean at the end of 2020, I have in mind we had at that time 18 or 19 million shares in our balance sheet.
 So, if we have, at the end of September, 39 million shares, means that we have acquired
 30 million shares over the whole period.
 I don't have in mind the total cash applied to this purchase,
 but we could see that we have invested around 300 million euros over the whole year,
 increasing the treasury stock of the company.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Peter.
 Well, that was our last question.
 At this point, I'll bring our third quarter conference call to an end.
 Thank you very much for your attendance.
 That does conclude our conference for today.
 Thank you for participating.
 you may all disconnect.
 Perfect.