 Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to the full year 2021 results presentation
 of Poplitz's group.
 For your information, this conference is being recorded.
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Mr Arthur Sadoon, Chairman and CEO
 of Publisher's Group.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Saskia. Bonjour. And welcome to Publixis Group 2021,
 for your results call.
 I am Arthur Sedoun, and I'm here in Paris with our CFO,
 Michel Rapproche, and our Secretary-General,
 I'm gonna go get a bono.
 Steve King, COO of Publicist Group, is joining us but remotely.
 As usual, we will take your question together after the presentation.
 during the presentation, after the presentation.
 and a pair of colds,
 Alessandro Girollami will be available to answer any of your questions offline.
 I will start this call by sharing the main highlights of our full results.
 Then, Michelin will take us through the details of our numbers.
 After that, I will share with you our strategic priorities for the year to come and conclude
 the outlook.
 Finally, we'll take all of your questions with the director.
 Please take the time to read the disclaimer as it is an important legal matter.
 In 2021, the group ended the Earth strongly.
 and ahead of expectations, exceeding 2019 levels on all KPIs.
 We delivered 10% organic growth on the earth,
 implying a 3% increase versus 19, with an historically high operating margin rate at 17.5% and 1.4
 and you all in free cash flow.
 Thanks to our integrated model, our 2021 results demonstrate that we are emerging from this
 Thank you.
 stronger company. Let's start with the highlights of our performance last year.
 I'll get you girls.
 2.4 was at plus 9.3%.
 above our graded expectations in October.
 This means we deliver an organic growth for the full year at plus 10%.
 Our activities were strong across all regions.
 both in Q4 and for the full year 2021.
 In the US, organic growth came at plus 8.7% in Q4 and at plus 9.8% for the full year.
 In Europe, our business grew by plus 8.7% organically in Q4 and by plus 9.6% for the
 Finally, in Asia, our organic performance was at plus 9.2% in Q4, with fuller at plus
 10.3%.
 Our model means we were best positioned to benefit from the structural shift in the industry
 First party data management.
 digital media and commerce, which have accelerated during the pandemic.
 This is reflected in the global performance of Epsilon and publicis sapient, which came
 in at plus 12.8% and plus 13.8% respectively for the full year.
 These were a record number for the group.
 supported by an overall increase in customer demand, which was fueled by cyclical recovery
 and government stimulus after a significant drop in marketing spend in 2020.
 That said, we take the views that the real measure of our modern strength is our performance
 on the two-year basis.
 That's how we have been driving all versions throughout the year.
 In 2021, we exceeded 2019 level faster and more stongue than expected.
 At group level, we recorded 5% growth into 4 versus 19.
 and 3% for the three years.
 and arm momentum versus 19.
 accelerated in H2 at plus 5% versus plus 1% in H1.
 In the U.S., where Avogad is the most advanced,
 were up plus 8% versus 19% on the full year.
 Our second highlight is new business.
 for the third time in the last four years.
 We topped the new business rankings with lip-tape all placing us well ahead of the patch
 one of the most intense ever in terms of pitch activity.
 secure the vast majority of our defensive reviews while
 converting a high number of offensive opportunities.
 Amen.
 Where's your wings?
 Where?
 the global media business, the global creative business for infinity and TikTok, and the
 the global media account of Ila Lili and META.
 We also saw significant local wins.
 starting in the U.S.
 where we want Walmart, media, and data.
 and Planet Fitness Integrated Business.
 You are the loyal media in China, the loyal media in the UK.
 Cervero in Italy,
 and in Australia,
 and media, Johnson & Johnson Commerce and Digital Accounts.
 But he's moral.
 We are starting the year on high notes.
 with some significant wins.
 including McDonnell National U.S. media business.
 It is actually worth noting that we have been awarded this important duties without a pitch.
 Thanks to the uniqueness of our model and the relationship we previously built with the
 brand on data analytics and digital marketing with epsilon and pubic sapiens.
 In 2021, we also continue to improve and strengthen our model by investing in targeted acquisitions
 and strategic partnership.
 We acquired Citrusad to lead in retail media and Tremend to scale public safety and capabilities
 in Europe. We also require BabyQ in the U.S. to expand public health clinical
 try expertise and complement its end-to-end value proposition.
 Thank you very much for your attention.
 This is Sapient.
 Launched a Tech-John Venture.
 We see our commercial bank in Southeast Asia,
 And we signed strategic partnership with the tri-desk
 Ida B.
 and self-for to expand the reach of our data and identity
 backbone.
 after spending nearly 300 million euros in 2021.
 In 2022, we will accelerate with 4 to 600 million euros allocated to M&A to further expand
 our data and tech capabilities through new expertise
 and geographies.
 The fourth highlight is the strength of our financial KPIs.
 thanks to our operating structures.
 Our margin rate was at 17.5%.
 This is one hundred and fifty basis point increase versus 2020 and the highest margin
 rates ever for the group.
 On the one hand, we enter the year with a very lean cost base.
 thanks to agile and flexible structure, which allowed us to adjust our cost when the crisis
 This adds a positive impact on our margin.
 On the other hand, thanks to the same agility and flexibility, we were also able to move
 It's fast.
 to support Davos in 2021. We welcomed over 9,000 net additional recruits in the year and invested
 in reward and retention.
 decain all of this into account.
 Our operating margin was at 1,840,000,000 euros, an increase of 140,000,000 euros compared
 Have a nice evening.
 As a result, our headline EPS was up 17.6% versus 2020 at 5 euros and 2 cents per share
 returning to its 2019 levels. In 2021, we generated 1.4 billion euros in free cash flow
 BEFORE WORKING CAPITOL
 ahead of the upgraded objective of circa 1.3 billion euros we communicated in October.
 This is a 175 million euro increase versus 19.
 This strong free cash flow generation
 allowed us to accelerate our beta-virgin despite the crisis.
 This means our average net debt returned to 1.5 billion euros, a broadly similar level
 to be for the acquisition of epsilon.
 with this
 We are in a position to propose a dividend of 2 euros and 40 cents.
 corresponding to a payout of 47.8%.
 It is important to note that we will fully pay our dividend in cash.
 As we have decided, together with the board, to remove the script option in order to stop
 Any kind of delusion,
 We have each one.
 Our fifth highlight is not strictly financial, but is vitally important for our business.
 Two years after the crisis hit,
 not only publicists is stronger than ever,
 but we are also emerging as a better and even more responsible company.
 The progress we have made across our ESG strategy is setting a clear industry standard, our
 combine effort on this font.
 Let's do this.
 to top the industry ranking with 8 out of 10 leading ESG rating agencies.
 Our last highlight is maybe the most important one.
 the outstanding commitment that our people have shown to deliver this record year in
 in what are still challenging time for everyone.
 have demonstrated incredible resilience.
 learning to live with the virus.
 and standing in solidarity with each other.
 despite the lack of in-person connection.
 They are faced in unprecedented business challenges and always put our clients' interests first.
 I'll see you soon.
 Bye.
 and reward them for their dedication and determination.
 We have doubled our bonus pool versus 19
 But this is not all.
 We have decided that everyone who has been with us since the beginning of the crisis
 Thank you.
 on our side will receive a bonus this year.
 This includes 35,000 employees who do not have any variable remuneration and will receive
 one-week additional salary.
 salary. I will now leave the floor to Michel Alain who will provide further detail on the
 fuller numbers, and I will come back later to share our priorities and outlook for the
 2022. Thank you Arthur and good morning to all of you and glad to be with you today.
 I will begin on slide 13 with the evolution of our net revenue for the fourth quarter and
 and full year 2021.
 The group posted net revenue of 2,935 million euros in Q4, which is an organic growth of
 of 9.3%.
 If we compare to 2019, we grew 5% organically in the fourth quarter.
 This means that our second half showed strong acceleration
 to 5% after 1% in the first half.
 Reported growth in Q4 was at plus 13.1%.
 This includes a 10 million euro positive impact from acquisition and disposal.
 This quarter, the positive impact from foreign exchange rates was at 81 million euros, which
 is 3.1%, largely due to the USD to Euro exchange rate.
 The full year net revenue was €10,487 million, which is an organic growth of 10%.
 This means that we exceeded 2019 organic net revenue levels by 3% in the full year, faster
 and stronger than expected, just as Artu said.
 After taking into account a negative foreign exchange of 191 million euro
 on the year, mostly due to the U.S.D. evolution
 the first part of the year reported gross was 8% in 2021.
 Let's now move on slide 14, which gives the dynamics of our Q4 organic growth by geography
 compared to both 2020 and 2019.
 North America posted another very strong quarter.
 This was visible in the region performance on a one-year and on a two-year basis at
 respectively.
 End of
 7% and 9% organic growth.
 Europe posted 8.7% organic growth versus 2020, and it was very close to full recovering its
 2019 levels in Q4.
 Asia patch at 9.2% organic growth versus 2020 fully recovered
 its 2019 levels.
 The Middle East and Africa and Latin America both posted very strong organic growth at
 at 15.3% and 22.6% respectively.
 When looking at organic growth versus 2019, both regions saw their performance improving
 Q4 as they exceeded the 2019 levels by 1% and 9% respectively.
 I will detail the performance of each region in the following slide.
 I begin with North America on slide 15. As I said, our operations in the region posted
 8.7% organic growth in Q4 with a broadly similar performance for both the U.S. and Canada versus
 2020. Compared to 2019, we grew at an impressive 9% organic, driven once again by the strength
 of our U.S. operation, on which we will now focus.
 In the U.S., our operation grew 8.7% versus 2020.
 Media continue to post a good performance,
 both in traditional and digital.
 Digital Media and CJ Affiliate, both grew double digits.
 benefiting from a solid demand from group major clients,
 for the former and a positive environment for the latter.
 Creative, sequentially improved again this quarter,
 with a strong performance with group clients
 in financial services, and not only in our production unit,
 with CPG Client.
 Publicist Sape, Jan. Posty, 22.
 percent organic growth in Q4. These come on top of a positive performance in Q4 2020,
 thus a plus 23% performance compared to 2019.
 This is a strong sequential improvement in growth on a two-year basis after 11% in H1
 and 17% in Q3.
 Publicist Sapien benefited from both ramp up of new client contracts in the automotive
 and retail sector, both food and non-food, as well as incremental projects with group
 major clients in financial services and TMT.
 This performance demonstrates the relevance of the reorganization in 2019 by industry
 girls and our ability to capture the shift in our client spend towards commerce, customer
 experience and digital business transformation.
 Epsilon posted a 6% organic growth in Q4,
 implying double-digit organic growth versus 2019.
 this performance was achieved despite the expected lower
 activity in the U.S. car dealership due to the ship shortages.
 Epsilon Tech, Data and Digital Media Activities all performed very well in the quarter.
 Finally, Publicis Health delivers its seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit organic
 grows.
 the increase of scope of work at group major clients.
 Overall Q4 showed a very strong performance for the US.
 Let me add that as you remember in Q4 2020,
 We recorded a positive 0.5% organic soap, again, on a two-year stack, the U.S. so it's
 growth accelerates to 9% in Q4 after 6% in H1 and 8% in Q3.
 Let's now turn to the performance of Europe on slide 16.
 As I mentioned earlier, Europe recorded an organic growth of 8.7 percent on the quarter
 and was very close to recovering its 2019 levels.
 The UK, which represents 8% of group net revenue in Q4, posted an organic growth of 6.5%.
 All our activities in the country were positive this quarter, with a strong contribution of
 health and some restarts at pleasure and travel.
 Creative and media together, room mixing of digit,
 while Epsilon was a strong performer, although still on a small base.
 It's important to note that public is sapient in the UK return to positive in Q4 2021 compared
 to 2020, as we had anticipated, although not fully recovering,
 its 2019 levels as its activity remained impacted by some client cuts, particularly in the financial
 services sector.
 thanks to its most recent wins, which achieved our goal to
 Damn you.
 diversify its activity to other sectors, notably retail.
 We are confident that public safety and we'll actually contribute to our growth in the UK
 in the coming quarters.
 overall
 And excluding the activity of publicist sapiens, the UK was up 3% versus 2019 in the fourth
 quarter, which represents 7% of group net reviewing code Q4,
 posted organic growth of 11.5% compared to 2020.
 It grew 3% compared to 2019, although the 3% is actually negative when excluding media
 transport, and the drugstore.
 Creative activities were stable and media slightly positive after several quarters of
 of solid growth.
 Public safety and growth strongly thanks to the ramp-up of contracts signed in 2020 in
 in the B2B retail sector, outdoor media, and the drugstore.
 We bound it significantly as the activities benefited from the full reopening of the economy
 in the quarter. Germany, representing 3% of group net revenue, posted 5% organic growth,
 That was down 6% compared to 2019.
 activities were stable, while media posted high-single digits and publicized sapient
 double-digit growth. The decrease of 6% versus 2019 is due to the decision we've taken in
 2020 to close down a low margin print production unit as part of the COVID action plan.
 This RAM down is now completed, and it will not affect 2022 performance.
 Finally, Central and Eastern Europe continue to post very strong growth with double-digit
 organic in both media and creative. Poland, Russia and Romania were extremely dynamic
 and the clear engines of growth in the region.
 On slide 17, let me give you a bit more color on our performance in the rest of the world.
 In Asia Pact, representing 10% of Group Net Revenue in Q4, we delivered another very
 solid quarter.
 The region grew 9.2% organically, with notably an impressive performance in China, at 17%.
 In China, it's worth noting that we benefited from the ramp-up of our various new business
 wins, particularly in the non-food consumer products and automatives.
 Elsewhere in the region, the performance was more diverse, affected by a local lockdown
 situation. India was flat this quarter, Australia up mid-single digit, while Singapore was
 down this quarter due to some delayed contracts. Thailand, on the other hand, double its net
 revenue in the quarter driven by publicist sapiens.
 In Middle East and Africa, we posted 15.3% organic growth, supported by continued strong
 performance in the Middle East, particularly, at Publixis Sepia.
 Latin America posted a 22.6 percent organic growth in the quarter, which was 9 percent
 growth versus 2019, the performance was mainly driven by media.
 All countries in the region were positive, with a notable 22% in Brazil, our largest
 country in the region.
 Let's now turn to slide 18, which summarizes organic growth by region in the full year.
 South America posted regular and strong performance throughout the year, leading to
 9.7% in 2021 versus 2020.
 And as I said, 7% versus 2019.
 In Europe, our activities were up 9.6% for the full year, not fully recovering the 2019
 levels yet. Excluding publicist sapient UK though, Europe was nearly flat versus 2019.
 Middle East and Africa, so its revenue grow 11.9% organically, and almost recovered its
 2019 levels in the year.
 Latin America was up 16.8% organically in 2021,
 and thanks to its strong Q4 was up 1% versus 2019.
 On slide 19, you will find the group performance by industry verticals for the full year.
 This is based, as usual, on an analysis of our main clients representing 91% of our net revenue.
 It also excludes media transport and the drugstore.
 In 2021, all our client industries were positive.
 Health posted the strongest growth over the year at 17%.
 It also grew, double-digit in Q4, on an already strong performance in 2020.
 grew 11% in 2021, despite some slowdown in the fourth quarter due to the supply shortages
 as we anticipated it.
 The financial sector was slightly up on the year at 5%, but nonetheless it decelerates
 in Q4.
 TMT, retail, and non-food industry posted double-digit growth for both the full year
 And in Q4, public sector, I'm sorry, energy and manufacturing and leisure and travel,
 all accelerated in the fourth quarter, compared to the nine first months.
 Moving now to page 20, our Consolidated Income Statement.
 Our net revenue in 2021 was €10,487 million, and EBITDA was €2,317 million, up respectively
 8% and 7.3%.
 Operating margin was at €1,840 million, which is a margin rate of 17.5% up by 150 basis points year-on-year.
 This actually represents a historically high level for the group above 2019 levels by 20
 This is points.
 I will provide more details on this in the next two slides.
 headline group net income was 1,264 million euro in 2020,
 an increase of 22% versus last year.
 headline net financial expenses came as expected at €160 million, while income taxes increased
 to 407 million euros on the basis of a higher taxable income.
 After adding non-cash items, the group net income was at 1 billion and 27 million euros
 in 2021, doubling compared to 2020,
 and up 43% versus 2019.
 Let me now get into more details for each of these aggregates.
 First, operating margin, which improved by 150 BP versus last year reported and 160 BP
 versus a comparable at constant perimeter and foreign exchange rate.
 Our personal costs were up 10% on the year.
 after a 6% increase in the first half,
 This reflects the acceleration in our investment in talent in the second half to attract, retain,
 and reward, as Arthur mentioned previously, with a significant rise in our bonus pool
 and over 9,000 net recruits in 2021 to accompany our growth.
 But we managed to maintain personal costs at 62.8%.
 Restructuring costs reach 53 million euro, down as expected by 121 million versus prior
 year.
 I will detail, as I did in H1, the evolution of the other lines of the PNL in the next
 slide, which shows a bridge between the 15.9% comparable 2020 and the 17.5% we posted in
 2021. Let me take you through our breach of operating margin from the left to the right.
 I will begin with the 20 basis point increase in personal cost that I just talked about.
 Consistent with what I told you at our H1 earnings,
 the evolution derives from three different elements.
 First, an improvement in fixed personnel cost,
 corresponding to 160 basis points, which materialize
 mostly in the first semester due to a low cost base
 exiting 2020.
 Second, an increase in people incentive by 110 BPs in order to both reward and retain.
 This includes a 50% rise in bonus pool versus 2020, and Arthur said it already, doubling
 the level of 2019.
 It also includes the exceptional additional one-week salary bonus that the group decided
 to award to 35,000 people who do not have a variable remuneration and wear with us throughout
 the last two years.
 Finally, we increased our freelance resources amounting to 70 BPs to help us adapt to the
 rise in revenue in the second part of the year.
 Then the decrease in restructuring cost in line with our anticipation that I previously
 mentioned, represent an improvement of 130 BP.
 of cells increased by 110 bps consistent with H1 and mainly reflecting a charge that used to be
 accounted for in depreciation and related to the short-term extension of two French
 outdoor media contracts.
 This impact will be reversed in 2022,
 as we actually renewed at the end of last year,
 those two contracts for respectively five and ten years.
 Half of the decrease in depreciation of 170 bps is explained by the same technical point,
 I just mentioned.
 The other half is a result of the reduction of real estate footprint that we have carried
 over in the last few years, our all-in-one program.
 Other operating expenses posted a slight negative 10 bps to the margin rate performance within
 operating expenses, it's worth noting that GNA, in percentage of revenue, continue to
 decrease year on year at some expenses like travel have not yet fully restarted.
 As a result, our operating margin rate in 2021 amounted to 17.5 percent again, an increase
 of 160 bps compared to 2020 on a comparable basis.
 Let's move now quickly to our headline,
 net financial expenses on Flight 23, which is at minus $160 million versus $189 million
 last year, down by 29 million.
 this decline is mostly due to two anticipated evolution.
 First, a decrease in interest on net financial debt by 18 million euro derived from the delivery
 averaging of the group, and I will get back to that while commenting the evolution of
 the group averaged net debt.
 and the decrease of 7 million in the interest on these liabilities, which is a direct consequence
 of the continued reduction in the group real estate footprint that I just mentioned.
 Now, on slide 24, income tax, reported income tax is of 307 million euros, increased along
 is the rise in profit before tax.
 To calculate the headline income taxes of 407 million euros, we are adding the non-cash
 elements of our P&R, i.e., the tax effect on the normalization of intangibles, on impairment
 and real estate consolidation as well as other non-cash items.
 tax rate reached 23.4%, which is down 130 basis points compared to 2020, and an improvement
 versus our expectation of the 24.5% rate.
 while the ETR is obviously the reflection
 of our regional and business mix, it was positively impacted
 in 2021 by a non-recurring deferred tax asset in France
 that we accounted for when we renewed the two French
 outdoor media contract I mentioned earlier.
 taking this into account.
 we expect our ETR for 2022 to be at around 24% in the current tax environment.
 On slide 25, our headline earnings per share fully diluted increased by 17.6% here on
 year to five euro and two cents, returning to its 2019 levels.
 This is obviously directly related to the increase in our operating margin,
 decrease of our financial cost and the variation of our share count.
 Moving to slide 26, free cash flow.
 Our free cash flow before change in working capital was one billion four hundred and twenty
 It's €37 million in 2021.
 it is a 20% gross.
 year on year and it's 14% compared to 2019.
 This improvement of €237 million versus 2020 derives from the following major evolution.
 First, a 158 million increase in EBITDA consequence of the 160 BPs increase in operating margin.
 Second, a reduction of 96 million in our lease liabilities, reflecting the benefit from our
 all-in-one real estate plan and the reclassification of the depreciation of the French outdoor
 media contract that I already mentioned.
 Third, a 19 million reduction in our capex for the year, mostly driven by the lowest
 spend we had in the first half, force a €33 million reduction in our interest paid consistent
 with the group delivering.
 And finally, an incremental outflow of 69 million of tax paid.
 Let's now move on to the next slide, our use of cash.
 In 2021, the change in working capital represented an outflow of 216 million euros.
 This is a better outcome than the 300 to 500 million euro reversal we initially anticipated
 after the record 1 billion euro inflow in our working capital in December 2020.
 At December 2021, we now consider that the working capital at the group balance sheet
 is normalized.
 Acquisition, net of disposal, and including earnouts and buyouts, reach 283 million euros.
 at the top end of the bracket of 200 to 300 million envelopes for bolt-ons that we mentioned
 during the year.
 This notably includes the payment of our acquisition of Citrus ad, Boomerang, Octopus and BBK.
 Another non-cash item was plus 192 million euros, resulting from two main factors.
 First, a hundred and nineteen positive impact from projects, adjustment and change in fair
 value of SWAP. Second, a 56 million positive impact from the non-cash change in earn-out
 and buyouts.
 In total, we decreased the group closing net debt by 757 million euros in December 2021,
 compared to December 2020.
 Moving on to slide 28, the net financial debt.
 The reduction in net debt, I just described,
 led to a closing net debt of 76 million at the end of 2021.
 But you know that the debt KPI, which is the most important
 to judge the leverage of the group is the average net debt.
 our average financial net debt in 2021
 was 1.5 billion euro.
 This is slightly better than the latest guidance I gave you in October of 1.6 billion euros.
 As you know, our priority for 2021 was the deleveraging of the group after the Epsilon
 acquisition.
 Thanks to this, we did reduce the group average net debt by a full turn of the BDA 1.6 times
 versus 2.6 times in 2020.
 Before handing over to Arthur, let's focus on our 2021 dividend and our cash allocation
 for 2022.
 First, on slide 29, our dividend.
 We are pleased, together with the Board, to announce the dividend per share of €2.40.
 The dividend will be submitted to the shareholders' votes at our next HGM in May.
 This represents a payout of 47.8% and an increase of 20% versus 2020.
 It is actually 10 cents higher than the 2019 dividend that we were planning to pay in 2020
 before the crazies hit.
 Thanks to our strong cache performance, we have decided with the board to remove the
 script option which had been in place since 2012.
 As a result, our 2021 dividend will be fully paid in cash.
 So, let's now summarize our cash allocation for 2022 on slide 30, which Arthur and I commented
 on in the previous slide.
 First, we are grading our dividend policy to a 45 to 50 payout ratio versus circa 45 percent previously.
 The 2021 payouts of 47.8% is a good illustration of this.
 Second, as I just mentioned, we've decided to cancel the script dividend option in order
 to stabilize the number of group shares in circulation.
 This means an outflow of around 600 million euros, i.e. 300 million more than in 2020.
 Third, we are accelerating our bolt-on acquisition strategy by allocating to it between 400 and
 600 million euro in 2022, which is twice the envelope of 2021 to continue straightening
 our capabilities in data, tech, and commerce.
 Forth, we will use the remainder of our free cash flow generation to pursue the delivery
 of the group with the aim of reaching an average net debt of 1 billion euro by the end of 2022.
 This concludes my financial presentation, and now I give the floor back to you after.
 Thank you, Michelin.
 In 2020, our industry went through historic lows.
 In 2021, it rebounded to reach new heights.
 at every moment.
 And thanks to our model, we were able to face the challenges and seize the opportunities.
 We are now emerging as a stronger company, with three clear priorities for 2022.
 We are using our unique assets in data and technology, giving our people more opportunity
 to progress, delivering growth that is both profitable and responsible.
 Let me break that down.
 Our first priority is to continue to leverage our unique assets in data and technology to
 help our clients win in a platform world.
 In the last years, we have shifted our organization from an holding company to a platform.
 We have put in place a country model, enabling us to connect our creative brand, our media
 Cloud and all of our digital agencies locally to seamlessly deliver omnichannel creative
 experiences that drive real business outcomes for our clients.
 But we did not stop there
 We acquired and integrated in the Epsilon to take clear leadership in personalization
 as...
 Thank you.
 Thank you for watching.
 And we have repositioned publicist sapients around digital business transformation and
 and industry verticals.
 That's been a lot of work.
 And for some years, it has penalized our short-term organicals.
 But today we are in position to lead the three major marketing revolutions that our clients are facing.
 It starts with privacy-led identity.
 In a soon-to-be cookie-less world, we have clear leadership in building, enriching and
 and activating first party data.
 fully respecting the highest privacy standards with epsilon transaction-based data and identity
 solution.
 This led to forester naming Epsilon as a leader in loyalty solutions.
 powering pubicis to the top of the rankings for loyalty services.
 And it was a key contributing factor to the media writing
 Come see me now.
 We are doing excellent.
 industry's first accreditation for outcome-based delivery, for its ability to leverage data
 to link digital media to online, but also offline,
 consumer purchasing behavior.
 Next is the shift in investments toward new digital media channels.
 by leveraging our media leadership and capabilities.
 We are helping our clients lead in this rapidly changing landscape.
 Let me give you just two concrete examples.
 to meet the exponential demand in advanced TVs.
 PublicisMedia and Epsilon successfully launched PMX Lift in the U.S.
 When we see Trusad, that forester certified as a leader in retail media, we will lead
 the next generation of identity-led retail media solutions.
 Last but not least, the rise in direct to consumer that has exploded during the pandemic.
 We have the technology and 18,000 engineers and developers to build the platform and digital
 ecosystem our client needs to create direct relationship with their consumer and accelerate
 on commerce. To address the drastic shift from paid to own channels, not only do we
 We have best-in-class products in this font, as recognized by Forester in his report on
 CRM and loyalty provider, but we also have the consulting and engineering services to
 deliver business transformation built around customer experiences.
 Last year, Gartner reports rated publicist sapiens higher than all competitors on that
 including Accenture, Deloitte and Capgemini.
 Criteria included driving innovation, reducing time to market, improving business process
 agility and driving revenue growth.
 Let's be clear.
 everyone in our industry.
 will claim that they can deliver omnichannel creative
 experiences.
 But even if we all share the same core capabilities in creative and media, very few have been
 making the necessary investments to really transform and adapt to the new imperatives
 of the platform world as we have done in the past.
 And none of them have done it at the same scale we have with the acquisition of public
 is sapient and epsilon, or the same level of integration with the country model.
 The best way to concretely measure.
 not only how attractive, but also how different shaping
 is our model, is new business, and retention rates.
 when it comes to new business
 We have been number one for three years out of four
 in the rankings.
 And that's for our retention rates.
 Over the past four years, we are first in terms of net billing.
 thanks to our ability to win significant new clients,
 while maintaining and reinventing our relationship with existing ones.
 One.
 One objective is making our people progress in an ideated world by giving them more opportunity
 to grow than anywhere else. To do that, we have Marcel. We have today an adoption rate
 of 90 percent across the group.
 We have designed it to become the personal growth platform
 for everyone to be seen.
 It is a hub for learning with more than 30,000 online classes available.
 Last year, on average, 13 classes were taken by each of 85,000 employees.
 It is also the place to find development opportunities with on average 2,000 applications
 to job and gigs each quarter.
 We have added new content.
 onboarding programs, and partnerships.
 More recently, we strive globally to equip our teams to lead the change in an hybrid world.
 We are bringing direct access to personalised progress dashboards that tap into more self-profile
 intelligence so that everyone in the group is now empowered to manage and track every
 step of their career path.
 What is more, we are reinventing the future of the world.
 Bye.
 having unprecedented experiences like Work Your World to attract and retain the best
 More than 13 million people viewed the launch film for Work Your World, and it led to 14
 new, not 14,000, new applications to the publicist group, Carrier Page.
 Last but not least, our third objective is delivering profitable and responsible growth
 in 2022 and beyond.
 We have
 Builds,
 Truckshares,
 that enable us to deliver the best financial KPIs in the industry.
 our country model, our group support functions, including our global delivery center and our
 share the resource and platform.
 We mean we are confident in our ability to continue to deliver industry-leading financial
 ratios while investing in our people and future facing capabilities.
 At the same time, because growth cannot be sustainable without being responsible,
 We are taking the lead in putting our environmental and social commitments
 at the core of everything we do.
 We continue to build the most diverse, inclusive and equitable working environment by bringing
 40,000 of us together around the world, on Marcel, for our second position for Action
 there to evaluate, implement, and advance on our V&I initiatives.
 We went further in creating a responsible marketing environment through initiative
 like once and for all coalition and the roll out of the Alice tool to measure the carbon
 impact of campaigns.
 And finally, in the fight against climate change, we became the first holding company
 to have our ambitious objective of carbon neutrality by 2030, validated by LBTI.
 And I said earlier, all of this means we topped industry ranking with 8 out of 10 leading
 external agencies.
 We will continue to double down across all of our ESG progress indicators in the year
 to come.
 delivering on those three priorities and assuming no major deterioration in the health situation,
 we aim to deliver between 4% to 5% organic growth in 2022.
 This means sequential acceleration versus a two-year stack of 3% in 2021, mainly driven
 by the strengths of our model and new business wins in what is still a positive environment
 for advertising and business transformation.
 We expect the Group Q1 2022 Organic Growth to land slightly above this full year guidance
 range due to Q1 more favorable comps.
 when it comes to operating margin and free cash flow.
 We intend, in 2022, to achieve the same levels as in 2021, at circa 17.5% and 1.4 billion
 neural, respectively, as the efficiency of our structure
 will allow us to both invest in talent
 and absorb the impact of inflation.
 As you will have seen, we ended 2021 with a strong Q4.
 delivering record numbers for the full year for publicists.
 We are emerging from this crisis stronger, both financially, over KPIs exceeding 2019,
 Once again, stopping the new business ranking.
 We are entering 2022 with confidence.
 Thanks to the robust foundations we have put in place.
 We are committed to accelerate on organic growth versus our two year strike while continuing
 to deliver industry-leading financials.
 We are focused on executing our plan and delivering for our clients who I would like
 to thank for their partnership.
 Thank you for listening, and now with the director, we will take all of your questions.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, if you would like to ask a question, please signal by pressing
 star one on your telephone keypad. If you're using a speakerphone, please make sure you're
 the mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment.
 So once again, that is star one for your questions today.
 We will pause for a brief moment.
 Our first question today comes from Lina Gayor from B&B Paribas. Please go ahead.
 Yeah, I mean that would be some of it.
 Good morning.
 Lena here.
 Congratulations on the results.
 I have three questions.
 if that's okay.
 The first one is on the top line.
 I'll look for 22.
 Can you explain a little bit what portion is
 related to new business, what is publicist specific, and what is more industry specific?
 The second question is around the margin outlook.
 you're getting for still in margin,
 could you just give a little bit more color
 on the moving parts?
 how much operating leverage do you expect,
 by how much will inflation and talent investment affect that.
 And thirdly, on your planned behavior,
 Facebook published last night its results and mentioned that inflation and supply chain
 and disruption have impacted advertising projects.
 Have you seen anything similar on your clients?
 apart from the automotive clients,
 and how do you factor that in your guidance?
 Thank you very much.
 No worries.
 Have a good day.
 Make sure that your third question, because we didn't hear very well, is about inflation
 I'm supposed to change the short page, no?
 Yes, correct. Following Facebook comments last night.
 Okay, if you don't mind, I'm going to start with number one on four to five percent.
 And then, I'll pass on Michel Alain for the margin, I'll come back for it, maybe we'll
 So, well, in inflation, it's the patient, and then I'll close this.
 So again, looking at 2022, we definitely expect
 organic growth to be between 4% to 5%, which, again, is going to be a sequential improvement
 versus our two-year stack of 3%.
 and on the back of a 2021 at 10% growth.
 If I want to split a bit what is industry versus publicity specific, I would say several
 I say that we have three assumptions to get to these goals of four to five percent.
 The first is the strength of our model and we know that both epsilon and sapiens will
 be a creative to our goals, and when you add to that, and this is a very important point
 what they bring to our overall model, this is pubic-specific for sure.
 The second thing that is public specific is the ramp up of our strong new business win
 in 2021.
 It has been a year with an increase of 50% of activity in new business.
 We had a great run, and this, of course, has a lot to do in the 4% to 5%.
 That is nuts.
 Publicity specific that need to be factor in is actually the positive environment that
 that we are seeing for advertising, that is going to be true to our peers, but also which
 is more specific to us in terms of business transformation because I think you have to
 separate what you can hear about media from what we bring today, which is how can we really
 help our clients transform. So, there is an industry specific about the fact that it
 that we have so far a positive environment for advertising,
 You have the business transformation and you have roughly the three people that make us confident now. Let's be clear
 We believe that this is a strong number, and there is a lot of work to do, but we are all
 focusing on that.
 Michel Alain, you want the tech of Margin?
 Yeah, sure.
 So I take the margin supply chain issue.
 So maybe we should play to an issue that was mentioned yesterday in the MetaCore.
 Lina, as you may remember, we told you back in October that supply shortages may affect
 some industry verticals in Q4 and in particularly auto.
 We were right.
 it did materialize, but it was softer than anticipated,
 because we were able to help clients redirect spend
 towards existing inventories and brand building.
 So now, when we look at 2022, we see the supply chain issues
 lingering in the first semester, but overall, progressively being resolved, we see that
 that we are on the right path to a resolution.
 This is what we have factor in our 4-5 growth guidance for the year and as Arthur mentioned,
 with Q1 lending slightly above this range.
 Now, if I move on to your question about the guidance,
 Let's first remember that the 17.5 percent we have achieved in 2021 is an all-time high
 for publicists.
 And this 17.5% of 2021 is based, too, on a very particular H1, as you, as I'm sure
 you remember, where we entered into H1 with a very low cost base and then had the revenue
 pumping in
 So, what we are guiding to is a 17.5 percent, yes, it's the same number, but we are transforming
 something that was a bit exceptional in H1, as we said, to a more recurring margin.
 So now in terms of dynamics in the piano, we have the operating leverage of the 4-5%
 their strengths on the other operating cost of the group. So, i.e., cost of sales, depreciation,
 operating expenses. What we plan here, what we estimate is that in BPs of review, it will
 be a decrease of about, you know, up to 100 BP.
 And then we will have an increase of our group personal cost, including hiring, obviously,
 to sustain the 4 to 5% growth, incentive, I think,
 Arthur, I mentioned it several times.
 retention packages, and, obviously, increase in salary
 reflecting inflation.
 So that's the plus 100 that we get out of other operating
 cost, materializing the operating leverage of the group, which is matching this hundred
 BP, more group personnel costs, so all together, in round number, all together 17.5% for the
 the year.
 The problem is that he not touched almost all the people in the first question, so maybe
 We adjust recap and then we move on to the other one but when it comes to the top line
 now.
 We are confident to deliver between 4% to 5% for three reasons.
 the strengths of our model boosted by epsilon-invapients,
 ramp-up of our new business wins in 2021 and the overall positive environment for advertising
 and business transformation.
 And to come back to your point...
 ...
 This includes possible supply chain shortage that could come in H1 and then linger over
 the time.
 When it comes to the margin, we are maintaining the same margin as 2021 for three men with
 We enter 2021 with a lean cost base, which is a big difference.
 We are anticipating to mitigate inflation that will be there, and also, very importantly,
 We will continue to invest in our talent to sustain our growth because, again, we believe
 that when you are already at the best margin of the industry and the best margin ever for
 the group, what matters the most is to sustain our growth.
 And here again, inflation is included, and supply shortages are included in two of those
 numbers.
 Very clear. Thank you both.
 Thank you.
 We now move on to our next question, which comes from Lisa Yang of Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning.
 We have three questions as well.
 The first one is a follow-up to the question on the Fourier guidance.
 I'm just wondering given how the nature of your business has evolved with maybe more
 put it this way.
 APN, you know, more data transformation work.
 Like what percentage of your 2022 revenue you feel
 you have visibility on today?
 Just like if you could just help us understand like how you constructed that that for the 45% will be helpful.
 The second question is regarding sapiens, where we've seen a great acceleration again
 in...
 in Q4 in the U.S. And again, just wondering if you can maybe give us a bit more color
 in terms of the pipeline of work there and should we expect, you know, a continuation
 a double digit growth rate in 2022 to basically hit your, your, your guide does, um, and this
 question is on casual location, and I think your priorities for 2022 are very clear.
 I think, you know, most people I've spoke to this morning was, you know, why do you
 you want to be so conservative on the balance sheet,
 Is it, you know, you want to keep Australia for larger M&A?
 And at what point you would start considering buybacks.
 to any column that would be helpful as well.
 Thank you.
 Thank you Lisa. Michel has a proposal to take one and three and I'll take two after.
 Yeah.
 Sure.
 control.
 So, on the dynamics of the 4 to 5% guidance, we're giving to 4.4.2022, means several things
 And we can say, first, in terms of activity, epsilon and sapient will be a creative to
 the group overall growth.
 that as they have been in 2021,
 they will be in 2022.
 The second assumption and the second thing we see is media being a strong contributor
 with a continued strength in digital.
 Third, we, in this 4-5%, we are counting on a contribution of creative, which will be
 modest in terms of organic growth.
 So you see, having said all of this, you need to look at our business as a whole, as Arthur
 was saying in the first part of his presentation, because each is playing a key role in driving
 overall growth in our integrated platform model, aren't you?
 Yes, maybe I add a word on that, Lisa, is the strength of our model today lies on our
 capability to have at scale, and it's important to say at scale, data, creative, media and
 technology to really transform the business of our clients and where we are generating
 value, and maybe we'll talk about the smaller acquisition we have been made later, but just
 take a concrete example, where we are really adding value is our ability to connect those
 expertise through the power of one. This is where not only we generate growth, but also
 a great example of that is what we have done with Epsilon.
 As you will remember, when we made the acquisition of Etsy Learn, it was a business at the time
 was declining. We turned into a high-growth engine for us, as for sapiens, by the way,
 Because we've been able to connect it with our media operation, and we've been able to
 deliver for our clients, personalization at scale, as none of our competitors can.
 So, yes, it's important to look at the growth per expertise, and we are, that's what really
 Thank you very much.
 the course overall and, by the way, the performance for having a new business because, I mean,
 What is the incredible work of our people to win new business?
 is making the difference is the connection of our assets.
 Again, a great example of that is McDonald's.
 winning McDonald's without a pitch for their media business in the U.S., because we were
 working with them on data because we were working on them on technology is the best
 demonstration, not only of the quality of our assets, but our abilities through the power
 of one to come with an end-to-end solution.
 Right, on the third question, Lisa, about capital allocation,
 I think, first of all, when we should, you know,
 I've noticed that we have formalized very clearly with the board for 2022, a capital
 location. We had a mandate in 2021 which was
 We've been super clear about that throughout the year and that's exactly what we did as
 you...
 As you...
 seen, we've reduced significantly our average net debt, and we've reduced it by a full round
 the full term of a bit down.
 Now, looking at 2022, we have, with the board, decided a more
 balance, capital allocation, with, you know, three parts in there.
 The first one is, as Arthur mentioned, is the investment in our business to accelerate
 our growth by investing the double of the 2021 MNA envelope.
 we go from 200 to 300 to 400 to 600.
 second part, and I think that's an important one, is a
 substantial return to shareholders with a dividend which is representing circa 48% of
 payout and which is fully paid in cash.
 And the third one, so third part of this capital location,
 is a continued leverage which is affecting our strong financial discipline.
 We believe with the board that the cash allocation I just described will create more value for
 all our stakeholders than a purely financial share buyback.
 Thank you, Michel.
 Last but not least, your question on TAPN.
 First, I know that many sapient people are listening to this call, so it gives me an
 opportunity to thank them because we are extremely, extremely pleased with the turnaround
 in transformation that is under a Nigel Vaz leadership.
 And by the way, it's important to note
 that we are very grateful for their effort because, as you know,
 Sapient Delivery Center.
 I mean, I should not call it a delivery center because this is where we have our best engineers
 are actually in India, and the least we can say is that 2021 has been a very tough moment
 for them professionally, but more importantly, personally,
 We did a lot of things, and we tried to help as much as we can.
 But delivering the performance, they are delivering 14% globally.
 is really a big achievement.
 So now, to answer your question, we
 I don't think you should consider 2021 number as a normalized level of growth, but to be
 very straightforward on your question. We are confident that public recipients will
 be highly equitative to the group organic goals in 2022.
 There is two factors for that.
 The third is the US.
 I mean, for those who were with us in 2019, you would remember that Sapiens Foyer has
 been structurally declining in the U.S. We did roughly three things. First, we had Nigel
 who is in charge of the rest of the world to take care of it.
 Second, we separated sepian from razorfish, and by the way, give me an opportunity to
 He said that reservoir fish now is growing pretty well while it was structurally declining
 and Jamry playing his team has been doing a great job in the U.S.
 We actually transform sapient offer in the U.S. on the model that Nigel has developed
 around the world, which is industry verticals, focusing on business transformation.
 By doing this in 2021,
 sapient in the U.S. reach 20 percent.
 So it gives you an idea of the potential.
 Again, don't take this number as a normalized number,
 but you see the potential.
 The second good news that matters a lot for us
 is that sapient has been doing still a very good job
 internationally.
 but it's not reflected into our UK number, for a very simple reason is that many, not
 not many, but a few very big and very loyal clients have reduced their investment during
 2020. And it had a big impact on our member in the UK for the last two years. There is
 There's two good news here.
 The first is that investments are starting to ramp up again.
 And on the same pace, sapient in the UK has started, and it comes back to the question
 you were asking about where the opportunity, SEPIEN has started to win some very interesting
 and material business in the U.K. that make us confident that sapiens will be back in
 the UK in 2022.
 So if you add the momentum we're having in the U.S. and the fact that U.K. will be, will
 We have recovered this year.
 We feel very good about the pipeline.
 We are, of course, very aware of the need to retain first and attract the best talent
 in an industry that is highly competitive, but we are putting in place all the mechanisms
 And I talked about that with Marcel, but there are many others to make sure that we can create the dynamics.
 Great. Very, very comprehensive. Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you. We now move on to a question from Richard Erie from UBS. Please go ahead.
 Yeah, many thanks.
 And so just sort of a couple of questions from myself.
 Can you just talk about the capital allocation around the M&A?
 obviously that's lifted to four to six hundred million.
 Can you just talk about, without obviously giving targets,
 you know, what acquisitions you're looking to add to what
 capabilities that you think you need to add to the business from here and what contributions
 you expect from that investment this year and as we go into next year so that's the
 first question.
 And the second question just was on inflation, obviously we've got inflation, you know, running
 through various different businesses.
 Can you just talk through how inflation impacts your business and as we pivot to more sort
 revenue streams that are more cost-plus in nature, can you start to pass through that
 underlying inflation through and whether that's a beneficiary to you as a business and that's
 also supportive of the 4% to 5% revenue growth.
 And then just lastly, just coming back to the 4% to 5% guide, obviously, you've said
 just so I can correct here.
 sapien is number one contributor to growth,
 Epsilon second, media third, and within media that includes account wins and creative is
 basically broadly flat just slightly up, just to confirm what you had said previously.
 Thanks.
 Sorry, my mic was not on.
 So I'll start with the third one.
 This is correct.
 The assumption you have are correct.
 This is exactly what Matt said.
 I'll go quickly on inflation.
 There is no doubt that there will be infection this year, everyone knows it, nothing new here.
 But when it comes to our business, the impact will be on personal cost.
 and it is clearly there.
 And by the way, this is one of the reasons we are coming with 17.5% in terms of margin.
 The truth is, and I can't go around and around that, but I'm going to try to make it shorter and turn out,
 is that when you look at the model we have built,
 Shifting from an holding company to a platform.
 Today, we have the agility and the flexibility
 to actually mitigate inflation.
 continue to invest in talent, to invest in our goals,
 and maintain what is the industry's first margin.
 to record for us.
 Maybe I'll come back to the MNA because this is a great question.
 So, we wanted to put our M&A track record of 2021 in the highlights to make one point,
 which is thanks to the acquisition we have made of epsilon and sapiens.
 Not only we have the technology and the data backbone, but we have 18,000 engineers and
 developers that are able to land smaller tech acquisitions that can really reinforce our
 global effort, not only in terms of growth, but also in terms of product and services
 that are made for the future.
 Citrus is a great example, and sorry to be a bit technical here, but I think it's important
 for you to see that we are making the best out of the investments we are making.
 When we make the citrus acquisition, we buy one of the leaders in retail media, not the
 leader, but one of the leaders.
 What makes a difference between us and anyone else that could have by it, is that through
 we have the core ID.
 So we have, for example, in the US, 250 million profiles that we can plug into the Citrus platform.
 And then, immediately, we become the only company that can track a customer from on-site
 any retailer sites, where we are doing the tech,
 Two of sites, sites to epsilon 80.
 This is a big difference.
 When you know that a retailer or website
 will be a media that will be bigger than linear TV in 25 in the US.
 You understand how important it is not only to have the technology to build it, but to
 to truck customer.
 And so, there is an end by the way.
 I can go on and on, I say I will do short answer,
 But I think it's a very important topic because it enables you to understand why we are raising
 our envelope take tremendous today the pipeline of sapient is very strong sometime
 to strong.
 the demand for business transformation coming from companies at Sapiens that are the true
 differentiator being part of publicist is really encouraging.
 We're tremendous.
 We are multiplying our capabilities to deliver and serve more clients in Europe.
 And by the way, create another global delivery center in Eastern Europe versus India.
 That is paramount for us.
 And this, again, and this is why, by the way, on both cases,
 The competitors we have for those acquisitions are definitely not the only company.
 They are more in the system integration or in the ad tech world.
 But it is the addition of our existing capabilities to those new capabilities that make a difference.
 focusing on targeted acquisition that gave us people and technology.
 And so to come back to your question for 2022, we have three priorities in terms of targets.
 The first is first party data management outside of the U.S.
 We are leading by far in the US. We have a good position in Europe. We are progressing in Asia
 We are starting in Latam and it's very important for us to continue to strengthen our first
 part of the data management.
 Second thing is new digital media.
 We talk about retail media.
 Yeah, as you know, we are number one in media in the U.S.
 We buy one dollar out of three, we are two second globally, how can we make sure that
 all this investment we manage for our clients are optimized in the best way and how do we bring
 the capabilities and the people to do it, so that's second.
 And third is commerce.
 We see high growth at the moment.
 on a smaller scale when it comes to shoppers,
 on a big scale when it comes to e-commerce because this is where we have a leadership
 position with sapient.
 And this is the third area where we will invest.
 Sorry, it was long.
 Map is telling me to go faster, but I wanted to make sure that I made the point.
 No, no, no, that's super clear. Thanks.
 Thank you. We now move on to our next question from Omar Scheik of Morgan Stanley. Please
 Let's go ahead.
 Good morning everyone. I've got three questions if I could.
 And maybe if I could, first of all, after I go back to the Facebook comments from last
 night.
 Specifically, they talked about some of these, the cost pressures and inflation pressures
 and supply chain issues impacting advertising budgets.
 Could you just confirm that, you know, the comments that they made aren't being reflected
 in your guidance and the way you're thinking about your business this year, that's the
 first question. And then secondly, on reviews, new business, you put up those very helpful
 from Morgan Slides from the last three years.
 And I suppose the notable thing is that there was quite a big increase in the total number
 of account movement if you look at about three times the level that you saw in a couple of
 years ago. So could you just maybe talk about what you're expecting in terms of account
 reviews this year, whether they're going to be defensive or offensive.
 And finally, you've given guidance for 22 on top line and margins.
 I wonder whether you could just talk, maybe take a step back and talk about what you think
 normalised growth and margins might be for your business. Clearly, you know, we're still
 going to be benefiting from above average growth, I guess, during course of 2022.
 And so how does, you know, greater margins look for publicists beyond that?
 Thank you very much.
 I propose we do one, three, two.
 So, can you start, Michelin, with one?
 So, I mean, in terms of inflation, 2.0 mark.
 The first one is that as it's relating to our top line,
 As of now, we do not see an impact on inflation
 on our top line.
 Now, is inflation is going to be temporary or be there for a while?
 I don't know.
 leaves this to economists, but what I can say is that we don't see any impact from now.
 The other point is that we believe that in this environment, we are the best equipped
 with our assets to continue to capture the shift in our client's
 towards digital and data and business transformation.
 Now, on the cost base, I think I have explained the moving parts of the cost base for 2021
 This personal expands going up 100 BP and the operating leverage providing another 100
 compensating one to another.
 The important point to underline here is that we are able to contain this personal case
 cost increase by the significant portion of our talent base that we have shifted to our
 the Global Delivery Center.
 Well, it's true for publicist apiants and for epsilon,
 But it's also true for media.
 It's also true for production and for our support function.
 Overall, we have an up-short base of about 25%.
 Then we are going to carry on increasing this footprint.
 Last but not least, in terms of salary inflation, what we see in 2022, I can't give you an
 overall number, it doesn't have any meaning, really.
 But if we look, you know, country by country,
 the U.S. being mixing a digit, we see the U.K. being a bit below the U.S.
 In continental Europe, we don't see much, we don't see much, except obviously in central
 It's down Europe where it's higher.
 And finally, in Asia, we see high single digit in India,
 for sure. And China, just a bit below India. In terms of colors, what I can tell you about
 the inflation.
 Thank you.
 I'll take the question on BEYOND 2022 and I'll start with the growth.
 Obviously, it's too early to make any comment beyond 2022, but I can make just a few remarks
 that hopefully will give you a bit of color.
 First, it's important to note, as I said, that 2022,
 will benefit from two factors that we need to be taking into account beyond its first
 new business track record in 2021. Again, this is one of the reasons why we feel confident
 in our four to five.
 And second, again, we are still in an overall positive
 environment when it comes to advertising and business
 transformation. So it's very difficult for us to predict beyond 2022 on this second point.
 What I can tell you is that when you look at our model, new business work record and
 the dynamic routing of the moment.
 We are actually confident that everything we have been building and the robust foundation
 we are having at the moment, will help us deliver and will make us deliver sustainable
 goals and how to perform the market in the midterm.
 But at this stage, don't ask me more on the gross because, as you know, there are many
 external factors and its way to early.
 On margin is different amount.
 I've been in my job since 2017, but I think that Maurice will agree with me that it was
 case before, it has been almost a decade with some analysts saying that our margin is going
 a decline and actually declined pretty steeply.
 It hurt us in terms of image at the moment where we were confident and we were saying
 need very clearly. I'm thinking about 2019, for example. And hopefully, at one point,
 people will just understand that now we maybe have a track record ten years later and that's
 for all of this time, we have delivered the best margin of the industry.
 This year, we will deliver the best margin of the industry and an historic high for
 We'll be right back.
 And what is really important, and this is something that we have to bring, by the way,
 and our margin, because we are listening on this, is it's not
 margin for the sake of margin. It's marching in order to invest in the future, and it's
 margin in order to invest in our growth. And this is why, again, we have a margin for 2022
 That includes inflation.
 I'm not going to come back to that, but include also the necessary investments to get what
 But we believe is a strong growth of 4% to 5% in 2022.
 Great, very clear. Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 And we now move on to our next questioner, which is Julian Roach from Backleast.
 Please go ahead.
 Oui, bonjour, c'est Julien Roque de Barclays. Good morning, the usual three questions. The
 The first one is on the capital allocation.
 And you were very clear for Fulia 22 on the dividend and the MNA.
 But I was wondering whether that is just for 2022,
 you think that's going to be for another couple of years because if you take cash flow less MNA
 less dividend, there's not that much change in the net debt.
 My first question.
 The second one is on the breakdown of net cells at group level, so you give it epsilon and
 sapient growth rate at group level for the first time,
 which is great.
 what percentage of sales do they represent?
 I know it's around 15%, but if we could get 14 to 16
 as an answer, rather than 15, that would be great.
 and also how much is media and pure health care,
 i.e. healthcare, eggs, media, safety and abstinence at group level. And I'll stop at two questions
 because I think we're running out of time. Thank you.
 So there is no third question, but there is one and two.
 I'll leave it to you, Michel, I guess.
 All right, so on the, uh, Julien, hello.
 So on the capital allocation for 2022,
 I don't think I go back on this, I hope I was clear in terms of priorities with the
 three buckets.
 Now, if you look at it beyond 2022, obviously, it's a bit early to share our priority beyond
 2022, but there are few standing principles that we wish to highlight.
 So one, investing in the business through boldsons is a key element of our strategy,
 I think Arthur has been super clear about that,
 to expand our capabilities in data, in tech, in commerce,
 And this will obviously take more than just one year.
 So you can consider this beyond 2022.
 The second point is dividend.
 It has always been one of the fundamentals of our return to shareholder so you can take
 the 45 to 50 payout range that we just upgraded beyond 2022 and finally when it comes to the
 script dividend, and I know it's important, we have been very clear that now our goal
 in the midterm, so it means beyond 2022,
 See you soon.
 the share count at the level of December 2021.
 So again, these three are beyond 2022.
 The second question, if I'm not mistaken, is related to the weight in the mix of epsilon
 and sapiens, which as I told you are representing about 15% and 15%, I mean it has changed a
 a little bit, but not that much.
 As the rest of the group was making 10% of growth too.
 So 15% to 15%.
 Okay, and then, um,
 I don't know if there's other questions.
 Yeah, we still have some
 Sorry, Arthur, my question was also weight of media and healthcare on top of sepian and
 Have you seen them?
 No.
 Health care is about, you know, 5% of the total.
 When you look at media, we've said several times that digital media is about 10 percent
 of our total revenue, and the rest is about 20% in traditional media, so 30% for the total
 Now, what is very interesting to look at, Julien, so I'm going to take a minute more,
 That's the way we have organized our operation, which, by the way, give us the flexibility
 and GIGT I was talking about is to make sure that media and creative are managed mostly
 at the country level because it becomes more difficult every day to separate creative from
 media as of course we are creating experience plus digital agency what we really track at
 global level is sapient and epsilon because you need global capabilities that are delivered
 in a global model, and that's, again, the perception
 for the single outtracking the most.
 Thank you
 Thank you. Our next question comes from Tom Singlehurst from City. Please go ahead.
 Yeah, good. Good morning. It's Tom here from city. I'm I'm essentially questioned out
 But I had two sort of quick ones, if that's okay.
 You mentioned the direct to our earlier, and I don't know whether Steve is on the line,
 but I was interested at a very high level about inflation and your thoughts on what
 that does for advertising versus promotion and then within advertising for brand versus
 performance because I wonder whether with all the questions about Meta and Facebook there's
 maybe sort of comparing apples with eggs in terms of inflationary impacts on your top
 That was the first question.
 And then secondly, just to maybe challenge you a bit,
 I mean, the tremendous acquisition
 talked about before delivering another sort of delivery center.
 I'm just wondering whether we should view some of the M&A as sort of essentially sort
 of aqua hires.
 I mean, it's just, you know, it's pushing into doing deals like tremendous signaling
 that you're running out of room to execute at Sapient.
 questions. Thank you.
 Thank you Steve, I've got a good news for you, we have decided anyway that the next
 The next question will be for you, whatever was the question, so the good news is it is
 definitely appropriate. So I propose you take the first one and I'll answer the
 It's a tremendous question.
 OK.
 Hi, Tom. Good morning, everybody. Yeah, it's Steve here.
 I thought I was going to get away with that and answer any questions on this call for the
 So, I think, Tom, in terms of your question about advertising demand, I think what we've
 seen is a shift in a number of factors during the course of the pandemic, you know, we've
 We've seen, you know, obviously the impact of the overall economy.
 We've seen the impacts of COVID.
 We've seen shifting consumers' behaviors,
 and we've obviously seen, alongside that,
 the evolving media landscape.
 and you've been tracking long enough, Tom,
 to know that this is obviously what we used to call a quadrennial year, so you've got
 Olympics and you've got the World Cup and you've also got the midterm elections, all
 of which will have an upward impact on demand.
 I think what we're also seeing, and I think this is maybe what you were getting at when
 you were talking about your apples and eggs comparison and we talked in the
 previous earnings call about the resilience of our economy.
 We are seeing a real shift now with an increase of new entrants to the market and that is
 is really driving the resilience and the growth.
 And we've talked, obviously, and we've
 We talked about the growth of digital media and business transformation and particularly
 direct-to-consumer communications and you know although we're putting these
 together in joint connected solutions where we're bringing together data, tech and media
 and creative. Tom what we are certainly seeing and I think the the impact of the
 the quadradial year is lessened, and we are certainly seeing what I think is some significant
 change with new entrance to the marketplace, driving demand, less reliant on retail space
 and building out direct-to-consumer relationships, and I think that is why we have seen a stronger
 despite the past we anticipated in 21,
 and we're seeing that, clearly, that resilience
 the less marked level continue into 22.
 Tom, I'll take the second one, so if you want to change me, I'm going to change you a bit.
 I think Aquarius is very good.
 Again, when we make an acquisition like tremenda, but maybe I'll come back to citrus because
 it is exactly the same.
 We have three critters.
 Critias, number one, are the talents, because again, as I said earlier, everyone can talk
 that bat technology and data.
 If you don't have the scale in talent to deliver in the people business, you just don't exist.
 We have 18,000 engineers and developers among 85,000 people.
 This is our biggest trend when it comes to data and technology.
 I'm going to come back to the platform later,
 but this is a very important point.
 And so, Tech Tremend.
 Tremend today is roughly 660.
 highly skilled software engineer, okay?
 when we're gonna add door guys
 To our three-plan platform, we plan to actually accelerate that count to 2,500 in the next
 years, which means that yes, we want to gain scale in terms of talent because we are fighting
 against other players in this area that can serve the client in the same way.
 social, in-talent, matter.
 The second thing is technology.
 Every time we buy this kind of small acquisition, we look for the right technology that can
 add to what we do and what they can bring to sapiens for some industry is extremely
 interesting. And last but not least, there is a clear business need. And in this case,
 The business need is Europe.
 but that's the combination of the three things.
 Expanding our talent base.
 And again, this is why we are credible,
 and why we are winning, getting new technology
 that we can land on our existing one
 and responding to a clear need.
 Same thing for Citrus.
 We bought engineers from all around the world that understand first-party data management
 and retell media at the moment while cookie will disappear?
 We bought a technology, a SAS, that we can bring into every retailer, and we are fitting
 with the need that we know is going to grow exponentially, which is retail media.
 Very clear, thank you.
 Thank you.
 We now move on to a question from Christophe Sherblanc
 from Saucy de Generale.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, good morning.
 So most high level questions have been asked.
 So I have two quick ones.
 The first one was on Capex.
 Capex was still a two-third of the pre-Covid level.
 So is it a permanent reset to a more asset-line model,
 or should we expect CAPEX to go back to the, let's say, 200 million?
 And the second one was on the purview opioid situation.
 I know there is a legal situation there.
 So do you have any visibility on the timetable?
 you tempted to settle any color on the issue would be good.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, we're going to start with one with Vishal and we're going to move on to Agnabriel
 for two except if I'm going to start.
 Yeah.
 I'm Gabriel first.
 Okay, so on the opportunity to be very clear,
 we consider that the lawsuit has no merit,
 that it should not have been brought to the court,
 And because now it's a lawsuit, we
 I don't want to enter into details.
 So the timeline, it's really too early to know.
 It can take years, actually.
 So we are working on it and we continue monitoring the situation.
 Okay, on CAPEX, Christophe, so you're right, we had a low level of CAPEX in 2021 coming
 Actually, and maybe you remember that coming particularly from our first semester in 2022,
 we are...
 are estimating indeed a level of capex that will go back to the level of 2019 with most
 of the increase.
 derived from the investment in our platforms in both digital media, Epsilon, and Cepian.
 So just to give you a round number,
 We think we'll be in Capex around 220, 230 for 2022.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 I know we're a bit late, but maybe we'll take the last question.
 Perfect. Our last question today comes from Connor Oshie from Kepler Shoveru. Please go ahead.
 Yes, this morning. Thanks for taking the last question, Artur. Very quickly, just a couple of follow-ups.
 follow-ups. I wonder if you could just give us the mix of the international part of sapient
 and in 2021, and particularly the UK business.
 Secondly, just on the margins,
 Obviously overall a very good performance, but if I'm not mistaken, quite a sharp drop
 in Asia pack and the Middle East versus the previous year.
 Can you just explain what was going on there?
 And then just very quickly, just in terms of the M&A pipeline,
 what kind of sales multiples on average would you expect to pay, you know, going
 forward and are those prices coming down or going up coming out of the pandemic? Do you have a strong
 pipeline already lined up. Thank you.
 Thank you, Ghanar.
 I think that Michel and I are going to take the three questions and then maybe I'll wrap up.
 Yeah.
 So I'm sorry. I'm sorry. My mic was not on. I'm sorry. I'm sorry guys. All right, so I was saying I begin with number two which
 which is the margin decrease. In a package through, we see a temporary margin deterioration.
 We had some minor non-recurring impacts, so one off in there that will not be repeated
 in 2022, that's on the one-off part.
 And then we made two very strong investments, particularly in China, in the Middle East.
 So when you look at it, the margin in this region shall come back to the more normative
 level in 2022 that it had in 2020.
 for the margin. In regards to sapient, we are not disclosing the size of sapient by country
 If I go back to the U.K., the major thing I want to say here is that the sapient U.K.
 will be contributing to the growth of the UK in 2022.
 And I think it's important because Arthur and I have been telling you, you know, for the
 last year, it's a negative organic growth. It will go back to zero positive in Q4 and
 then it will be contributive in 2022 and it's exactly what's happening with the diverse
 of business we've made, not only financial services, but now retail too.
 And then, finally, the acquisition that we are making, as Arturo was saying, there are
 these three criteria that Arthur just explained, so I'm not repeating them, between talent,
 technology and basically the delivery. We are looking at this acquisition each time we
 very strong discipline in matching them towards these three great areas.
 Obviously, we bind them in terms of multiple more than our multiple for sure, but each
 Each time we're building up a business case that shows that the synergies manage to get
 back the value to the shareholder in a near term.
 Arthur?
 Thank you very much to all of you for listening, sorry you have been running a bit long, just
 to wrap up.
 As you have seen, we had a Q4 that was ahead of expectation and recorded on every KPI.
 We do believe that we are emerging from these crises as a stronger company.
 We have a growth, an operating margin, and a free cash flow that are above 2019, and
 at an historical high.
 Hopefully, you have felt that we are entering, actually, 2022 with confidence, because we
 We truly believe that we have built a very robust foundation.
 We are though committed to continue to deliver industry-leading financials with 17.5% operating
 margin, and again, despite inflation and while investing in our talent to maintain the growth.
 And when it comes to growth, we are committed to deliver around 4% to 5%.
 It's gonna be a lot of work
 But we believe that we have three reasons to be confident.
 The first, and we talked a little bit about that, so thank you for the question, the strengths
 of our model with sapiens and insulin that are creative to our goals, but, again, that
 that are also valuing our media and creative
 operation.
 leading to more new business.
 and a client lawyer team, then you
 business win that will have an impact this year. And it's a reason also for the 425.
 and what we see as a positive environment for advertising and business transformation.
 We talked a lot about business transformation, but we believe it's true for advertising too.
 So we want to stop here.
 Thank you again for your time.
 Take very good care of you and hopefully see you soon in person.
 Thank you.
 This concludes today's call.
 Thank you for your participation, ladies and gentlemen.
 You may now disconnect.