 Thank you for standing by and welcome to the TRIP.com 2021 Q3 Earnings Conference Call.
 All participants are in a listen-only mode.
 There will be a presentation followed by a question and answer session.
 If you wish to ask a question, you will need to press the star key, followed by the number 1 on your telephone keypad.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to Michelle Key, trip.com, IR Director.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Dorothy.
 Thank you all.
 Good morning and good evening.
 Welcome to TRIPTOCOM's 2021 Q3 Earnings Conference Call.
 Joining me today on the call are Mr. James Lam, Executive Chairman of the Board.
 Ms. Jen Sun, Chief Executive Officer,
 and Ms. Cindy Wong, Chief Financial Officer.
 During this call, we will discuss our future outlook and performance, which are forward-looking
 statements made under the safe harbor provisions of the U.S. private security
 Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements evolve ETH's
 risks and uncertainties.
 As such, our results make the material different
 from the views expressed today.
 A number of potential risks and uncertainties
 are outlined in TriptoCom Group's public filings
 with the Security and Exchange Commission.
 SHIB.com groups does not undertake any obligation
 to update any forward-looking statements,
 except as required under applicable law.
 James, Jen, and Cindy will share our strategy and business updates,
 operating highlights and financial performance for the third quarter of 2021,
 as well as an outlook for the fourth quarter of 2021.
 After the prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A session.
 With that, I will turn the call over to James.
 Jim, please.
 Thank you, Michelle.
 Thank you everyone for joining us for the call today.
 In the third quarter, we are glad to see the world to continue to transition towards normalcy.
 Thanks to rapid vaccine laws and easing of travel curbs, people are more comfortable with traveling and able to do more in destinations.
 The transatlantic travel markets have seen recovery take shape, and Europe and the United States reopen their borders to all evacuated travelers.
 These digital commerce certificates has helped to facilitate free movement and travel within the continent.
 We are also happy to see many countries have adopted travel-friendly policies to smooth
 the past
 or international travel and tourism.
 In China, the spurt of Delta variant beginning at the end of July disrupted the summer vacation
 and has suppressed the travel momentum in winter.
 The vaccination rate in the country continues to rise with expectation that over 85% of the Chinese population will be fully vaccinated early next year.
 A highly vaccination rate and a national role of the booster shot will help us build resilience
 to panic.
 Recent discovery of only chromatism may have sparked a new round of global concern
 are once again given a rise to all sorts of trial or restrictions.
 Pandemic assistance may continue to be an ongoing issue for consumers in the business
 the mic
 you know
 that's
 here.
 This was Collegiate Center Manning.
 HL, in the phase of change, is the key to hold up.
 through the circulation strategy to, for example,
 the Chinese
 domestic and the global travel market.
 The King sees...
 I clearly see standing opportunity amidst fast changing market conditions.
 On China's domestic markets, we remain focused on fortifying supply chains to enrich our product
 to cover more
 use the
 cases
 and
 on the contest strategies such as
 Thank you.
 where business partners can showcase their products and interact with the
 chip.com
 groups of high-quality users.
 This year, more than 200 million users have viewed our content.
 around 35% of the unique app visitors' content channels.
 As a leading one-stop travel platform, our content to transaction
 And accomplishing rate is also higher.
 Business partners can enjoy a monthly...
 Business partners can join monthly conversion rates up to 30%, encouraging them to reinforce our cooperation.
 On the international front, Asia-Pacific and Europe will continue to be our key focuses.
 in APAC market
 Our global brand, Trip.com, has been gaining share in markets such as Hong Kong, Singapore,
 or would he create
 grant awareness and act usage.
 During the pandemic, Trip.com swiftly adopted to meet different demands and focus on stay patients.
 by transcending local hotel operas.
 In Europe, all of our brands have been closely collaborating
 throughout the previous quarters, giving a strong boost to Crypto.com's product competitiveness
 in the region.
 In the long run,
 Trip.com will continue to head to the primal frame.
 which does get a strong practice.
 Short, global focus, global vision will continue to be our core strategy in coming years.
 You'll remain focused on strengthening the group's competitiveness and we'll prepare
 to embrace the global
 capital revival
 and tourism boom
 We hope to see such inputs start to bear fruit
 and to be reflected in the performance of business over the next three or five years.
 With that, I will send the call over to James for Operational Highlights.
 Thank you, James.
 Good morning, everyone.
 I would like to start with a brief overview of our performance in the past quarter and
 and updates on our strategic focuses.
 In the third quarter, our total net revenue remained stable year over year and decreased
 by 9% quarter over quarter, mainly due to natural disasters and new rounds of infections, which
 are fine.
 multiple provinces in China. We are glad to see the world moving ahead in
 normalizing international tourism.
 Yet, the road to global recovery is not without ups and downs.
 The performance of travel markets in major economies has been divergent.
 The Chinese carbon market has been frequently interrupted by the resurgences of COVID cases.
 It has witnessed a strong recovery in July until natural disasters and the Delta variant
 emerged to slow it down.
 Industry-wise, the hotel occupancy rate and air ticket bookings in Q3 were down by around 30%.
 when compared to the pre-COVID 2019 level for market performances.
 Nevertheless, our domestic hotel business was able to outpace the market performance
 by 20 to 25 percent.
 our domestic
 air ticket booking recovery was much higher than the market levels as well.
 The global market, on the other hand,
 has been making great progresses.
 in returning to normalcy,
 especially in Europe and United States.
 Air ticket bookings in these markets made some major strides towards pre-pandemic levels in the past months.
 While the global flight volume was still below 2019 level, Trip.com's overall international
 is ticket booking
 have increased by around 40% quarter-over-quarter, with air-ticket bookings in Europe growing
 by 170%.
 Skyscanner also saw air ticket bookings increased by
 approximately 100% year over year,
 and around 35% quarter over quarter.
 While COVID-19 pandemic has negatively affected the travel industry, there is no doubt the
 the industry will emerge out from the trenches
 and come back stronger.
 We hope to see the travel industry take off
 in mid-2022,
 as vaccination levels rise in the key markets
 travelers become used to some level of travel restrictions and feel more
 comfortable booking trips again.
 Looking beyond 2021, our long-term mission
 is to pursue the perfect trip for a better world.
 and it has never changed.
 as James just mentioned.
 we will continue to stick to our strategy of local focus,
 global vision, and focus on the following areas.
 First, building strong use cases and make traveling part of our daily lives.
 As the pandemic and result in a resulting health and a travel measures make people
 to shy away from long distance trips.
 Weekend, regional, and staycation travel have become more popular and frequent.
 In Q3, we were glad to see our intra-province hotel booking grew by approximately 35%.
 And our local hotel bookings grew by more than 60% compared to the same period pre-COVID
 in 2019.
 In order to build strong user cases, to attract and motivate users, we collaborated with more
 than 6,000
 high-star hotels to provide value-added hotel packages, which included catering and many
 other in-hotel services.
 Such packages contributed around 30% to our sales
 of these partner hotels.
 We strive to seize this opportunity to attract young generations and to help users embrace travel as part of their daily lives.
 In response to addressing the need for inspiration for short haul and local trips, we continue
 to make solid progress in our content strategy. The total amount of content published on our
 platform increased by 100% year-over-year.
 Compared to Q2, our number of KOLs
 have sequentially increased by 35%.
 The amount of users who interacted with our content increased by 20%, and the monthly
 content to transaction conversion rate reached 30% in July.
 Second, tightening our relationship with business partners by empowering them to optimize customer
 infrastructure and improve efficiency.
 only as an inspiration
 and Hub for users.
 Our content channels also serve as the go-to platform
 where suppliers are empowered to improve
 making efficiencies and gain traction with Trip.com groups, high-quality users.
 As an important part of our content strategy,
 Startup.
 aims to help improve
 suppliers' conversion rate
 and the info feed to increase their exposure.
 we have seen the number
 of the professionally generated content,
 content exposure and content GME increases
 by monthly average of 50% for past consecutive seven months.
 In order to help expand our partners' customer base, we are also able to push forward with
 multiple
 co-print membership programs
 where users are entitled to benefit from both parties.
 There are now more than 30 million co-branded members between Trip.com group and our hotel
 timers.
 and this number has grown by about six times since 2019.
 team.
 We also strengthened our partnership with airlines
 to help them with operating efficiencies
 and enhance our growth in the first
 and business class bookings.
 Third, strengthening the synergy among all brands of our group, of Trip.com group, to
 increase our market response to global paid spaces.
 Thank you.
 strengthening the synergies among our group companies globally.
 the strength
 of the synergy among our group companies globally
 has continuously
 on the goal
 for the past quarters.
 Leveraging the strong combined brand awareness and global presence, we're able to establish
 closer relationship with local suppliers and
 to fill the Skyscanner and Trip.com
 with improved competitiveness,
 Enhanced product
 offerings and service reliability.
 Grasping the opportunity presence by the pandemic, we launched a series of value-added services
 to address our global clientele for user friendliness
 and a flexibility.
 We believe these will enable us to better respond to the post-pandemic travelers' evolving
 demands, and a further gain market share.
 A strong local supply chain and bolstered product capabilities were enabled Trip.com to better utilize Skyscanner's strong traffic in Europe.
 Fourth, cooperate to responsibility.
 Following up our rural revitalization initiatives, on top of these trip.com group country retreats,
 were already opened in the business in Q2. Two more were opened this quarter. Our facility in any
 provinces has now
 grow into a foundation of our rural revitalization academy co-created with
 with the local government.
 Through online and offline channels,
 We provide local talent with professional training and develop skills and contribute
 to improve global services quality.
 On top of the developing rural tourism, the country retreats also help facilitate
 the sales of local products beyond vicinity as a means to improve local economy and livelihoods.
 With a strong diverse workforce, Tripp.com group also strives to create an inclusive
 and friendly working environment.
 We adopt a clear code of conduct
 to support working mothers and care for pregnant employees.
 In October, we were happy to receive the Women's Empowerment Principles Award by UN Women
 in China as a recognition of our efforts
 in promoting gender equality and a female empowerment.
 The cargo industry has proven its resilience over the time, from 9-11 to SARS, and it will
 definitely weathered the storm
 of COVID-19 as well.
 With crisis comes opportunity.
 remaining agile
 in the face of the challenge
 will help us to seize opportunities and come back stronger and reestablish confidence in
 and to pursue the perfect trip for a better world
 as our admission stated.
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Cindy.
 Thanks, Jane.
 Good morning, everyone.
 For the third quarter of 2021, Trip.com Group reported net revenue of RMB $5.3 billion,
 representing a 2% decrease year-over-year, and 9% decrease quarter-over-quarter, primarily
 due to the influence of natural disasters and new rounds of pandemic outbreaks in multiple
 regions of China.
 Accommodation reservation revenue for the third quarter of 2021 was RMB $2.2 billion,
 Representing an 11% decrease year-over-year, and an 11% decrease quarter-over-quarter.
 to 53% of the 2019 level.
 This is a net result of a steady growth in July, offset it by the disruption of natural
 disasters and resurgence of COVID cases spreading over multiple provinces
 beginning at the end of July.
 Our China domestic hotel booking have been, have been, have seen, high
 single-digit growth year-over-year, while ADR and blended tick rate are both affected
 by the depressed demand.
 Transportation ticketing revenue for the third quarter of 2021 was RMB $1.8 billion, representing
 a 5% decrease year-over-year and a 12% decrease quarter-over-quarter.
 quarter, recovering to 49% of the 2019 level.
 which domestic transportation's recovery momentum was disrupted by that natural disaster's
 and resurgence of COVID cases in summer.
 while international air ticket bookings increased
 by approximately 40% when compared to the previous quarter.
 mainly contributed by the recovery in Europe.
 Package tour revenue for the third quarter of 2021 was R&B 392 million, representing a 20% increase year-over-year and a 7% increase quarter-over-quarter, recovering to 24% of the 2019 level.
 This was contributed by an increase of leisure travel demand in July before the
 a new round of pandemic outbreak.
 Corporate travel revenue for the third quarter of 2021 was R&B 338 million, representing
 a 20% increase year-over-year and a 13% decrease quarter-over-quarter, slightly higher than
 2019 level.
 This segment continues to gain momentum.
 as a result of the expanding user base
 and improving cross-selling
 from transportation to accommodation.
 The growth margin was 77% for the third quarter of 2021, decreasing from 79% in the previous
 the previous quarter,
 many due to reduce the top line recovery,
 interrupted by new wave of infections.
 including share-based compensation charges.
 adjusted operating expenses decreased by 32% compared to the same period in 2019.
 Adjusted product development expenses for the third quarter increased by 20% from the
 same period in 2020 and increased by 2% from the previous
 Quarter.
 mainly reflecting the general increase in salary of product development personnel.
 We continued to run Lean and maintain a stable headcount in the teams.
 It is a saving of 19% when compared to the same period in 2019.
 previous quarter.
 as we swiftly adapt to the changing market conditions
 and followed a more prudent spending protocol
 in response to the uncertainty brought about by the pandemic.
 This reflects a saving of 49% when compared to the same period in 2019. Adjusted GNA expenses for the
 the third quarter decreased by 5 percent from the previous quarter. It also increased by
 83% year-over-year, primarily due to a reversal of fair debt position in the third quarter
 of 2020 for the company's travel suppliers.
 And it is a saving of 20% when compared to the same period in 2019.
 Costed EBITDA for the third quarter was R&B 537 million compared to R&B 537 million compared
 to RMB 916 million in previous quarter.
 Adjusted EBITDA margin was 10% for the third quarter compared to 16% in the previous quarter.
 DILUTED LOSS PER-
 ordinary share and per ADS or IMB
 1.32
 or U.S. dollar 20 cents for the third quarter, excluding share-based compensation charges
 for the third quarter.
 fair value changes of equity securities investments and exchangeable senior
 notes.
 non-gap.
 diluted earning per ordinary share and per ADS were RMB 81 cents or US dollar 13 cents
 for the third quarter.
 As of September 30, 2021, the balance of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, shortened
 investment.
 held to maturity time deposit and financial product
 was RMB 67.6 billion or U.S. dollar 10.5 billion.
 $10.5 billion.
 we redeemed early
 U.S. dollar
 500 million
 of the
 2025 Booking and Hill House notes in the quarter, and another US dollar 500 million of the same
 convertible nodes in December, reducing a potential dilution of 14.6 million ordinary
 shares.
 Turning to the
 the fourth quarter of 2021, we would like to share some color of our business.
 China during the National Day holiday.
 our domestic
 hotel reservation reached a double-digit growth during the beginning of the holiday, while
 you are in the holiday.
 transportation reservations close to the pre-COVID level.
 rounds of COVID cases
 that began in mid-October and spread to more than 20 provinces largely impact the entire
 China domestic travel industry.
 In November, the industry-level hotel occupancy rate was down by 30% to 40%, and air ticket
 passengers down 50 to 60 percent. Both compared with the same period in 2019.
 Trip.com group was also affected, but we continue to lead market performance by at least 10
 to 20%.
 on travel remain
 rather muted in current conditions, while outside of China, the recovery momentum in
 Europe and the U.S. continues to carry over to October with increased
 Fright segment.
 benefiting from the relaxation of travel restrictions and that same roll-outs.
 The path to global recovery is set,
 but not without ups and downs.
 We will continue to be adaptive and responsive
 to changing market conditions
 and be flexible and agile to seize opportunities
 to create value for our users and partners.
 With that operator, please open the line for questions.
 Thank you.
 If you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone and wait for your name to be announced.
 If you wish to cancel your request, please press star 2.
 If you're on a speakerphone, please pick up the handset to ask your question.
 In the interest of time, we please ask that you limit to one question per person.
 your first question comes from
 Thomas Chung from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
 Hi, James, Jane, Cindy. Good morning.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 Can you share some color about the company's plan for the international business?
 How do you think about the pace of recovery
 in outbound travel as the restrictions are lifted?
 Thank you.
 In the recent months, many countries have adopted the border reopening plans to relax
 traveler
 restrictions.
 More and more people are back on the road and travel further.
 the tight end restrictions recently due to the
 homicron variant, the temporary
 turbulence will not change the ultimate
 trend of travel recovery.
 Under normal conditions, we may see China gradually relax inbound and outbound travel policies in the second half of 2022.
 The process re-opening is expected to begin with mainland China reconnecting with Hongkong,
 and then traditional openings with other international markets the pace and range
 depending on the relaxation rate
 in the pandemic
 control capability in related markets.
 We continue to enhance our product and service competitiveness in the domestic market and
 fully prepared for the recovery of international markets.
 In the past two years, Trip.com Group has demonstrated its resilience
 by leading the industry recovery despite COVID's headwaves,
 Making us a stronger company.
 We believe that our local-focused global vision strategy
 We advise our sustainable growth in the long run.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from James Lee from Mizuho.
 Please go ahead.
 Great.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 Two quick ones here.
 Hi, Jane.
 how should we think about maybe the travel activity heading to Chinese New Year that being first
 And second for, I think, outbound travel to Hong Kong.
 any early
 read that you're seeing on consumer demand and behavior there.
 Thank you.
 Sure. Thanks, James.
 the opening up
 of Macau
 really provide a very good leading indicator for further consideration of Hong Kong. So we were just
 in Macau holding our global partnership meeting and the control of the virus over there is
 is being conducted very well.
 So that provides everyone in the travel industry some experience as to what will happen if
 Hong Kong opens that.
 So we are very much looking forward to a very good control of the virus in Hong Kong continuously.
 And with that condition, there might be a good consideration for opening up of Hong Kong.
 And that also connects to our plan for the Chinese New Year.
 historically uh these uh hong kong is a very popular travel destination
 uh for Chinese New Year as people try to go visit different cities and doing some shopping in Hong
 call.
 So hopefully there will be enough supporting evidence as to the well-controlled environment, both in mainland China and in Hong Kong, which gives us the support to further consideration of opening up Hong Kong in addition to Macau.
 Thank you.
 Great.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Brian Gong from Citi.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, James, James, Cindy, and Michelle for taking my question.
 so my question is about
 the message.
 expectation.
 So how does management see the travel performance outlook in first quarter, 21, and next year?
 for first quarter next year
 with some local government right now
 encouraging people not to travel
 across regions
 and the Winter
 Olympic held in March
 should we still expect domestic performance
 be dragged by travel restriction and also with a low base in the second half of this
 year should we see a more normalized year-on-year growth in the second half next year for domestic
 market. Thank you.
 MS.
 Thank you.
 MS.
 Yeah.
 So what we have seen for the domestic travel is 4S.
 by saying, as we have seen, people are paying more attention to safety.
 So we encourage our suppliers to make sure they have very good safety measures, such as providing the hand sanitizers, masks to our travelers.
 The second S is people prefer to travel with much smaller groups rather than big groups.
 So normally our customized tool is selling very well.
 our customers prefer to hire
 a car and a tour guide
 with family then to take their family along.
 The third F is with a much short booking window.
 But because of the virus control,
 a lot of time we are catching notifications
 from different destinations.
 So the booking window we have seen is much shorter.
 And the last one of the four S is short distance.
 So what we have seen is people prefer
 to travel nearby their hometown,
 uh anywhere within the 300 kilo becomes the radiance people feel more comfortable to travel to
 to.
 And also we have seen young generation prefer to travel much more.
 So we have seen the young spenders, Huobong,
 in 90s and Generation Z trouble quite a lot.
 So these are the trends we have seen so far.
 Again, I think a lot of it will be depending on how well the virus is being controlled
 during the first quarter and the second quarter.
 However, these demands are not disappearing
 From our data of the search, customers pent-up demand
 is accumulating and very strong.
 just as what we saw in May holiday this year,
 the search of the demand is very strong.
 So we're very hopeful that
 the vaccination rate will be continuously increasing.
 the measures of the virus control will prove to be effective, and then gradually the market
 will increase.
 So your assessment, the second half of 2022 will be stronger than the first half, we very
 much hope so. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Ronald Kyung from Goldman Sachs.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Thank you, James, James, Cindy, and Michelle.
 My question is more on if the recent travel patterns that we saw in recent months last for longer.
 and with Omicron
 and government's dynamic zero-COVID strategies,
 then how does management see the trajectory for domestic and international travel in 2022
 if the recent trends last longer
 and how will we plan our costs
 accordingly and
 implications to
 either cash flows or margins in the next one to two years.
 Thank you.
 Yeah.
 Thank you, Ron.
 So margin actually decided by both the top line as well as the cost to control.
 On the top line, on the revenue side, of course, we are in the travel industry, so our performance
 will be pretty much decided by the industry growth.
 However, as always, we will do our best to continuously outpace the industry growth.
 For example, in the third quarter this year, we outpaced 10 to 20 percent at least for
 different segment compared with the industry growth in the travel industry.
 On the coast side, we will continuously, to weather the COVID, to weather the storm, we
 We have to have a very disciplined cost policies, cost structures to weather the storm.
 we have
 a
 very strong cash position. At the end of the Q3, we have about US$10.5 billion in the cash
 value.
 which probably is the best among one of the best in the travel industry.
 Secondly, on the cost side, our total adjusted cost
 and operating expenses actually decreased
 by more than 35% in Q3 compared with the before COVID level.
 thanks to our very largely flexible cost and expenses structure
 as well as efficient operating management.
 during the past few quarters
 we streamline our operation across different business lines in addition to
 certain adjustment related to the COVID.
 And in addition, our improvements on the content cross-selling
 and technology have further lifted our marketing efficiencies.
 In terms of the cost trend going forward, we will expect a very modest increase in the
 cost trend going forward.
 expenses only on our international markets.
 And for the domestic market, we expect our total headcount will be pretty much stable,
 especially for our co-businesses.
 But we need to add some investment just to capture the pent-up demand that has already
 been seen in the international market, especially in the Europe market.
 On the sales marketing expenses, we will continuously adopt an ROI-driven strategy.
 And we will have a very disciplined policies in terms of sales and marketing spending both
 for the domestic China market as well as for the international market.
 Thank you.
 Once again, if you'd like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone.
 Your next question comes from Alex Yao from JPMorgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning management. Thank you for taking my question. I have a question on the
 investment activities. So in light of the potential we open in China and also more regions and the
 markets in the rest of the world are you guys contemplating any additional and
 and a new investment activity to capture
 those reopening opportunities. Thank you.
 Yes, so thanks Alex.
 In terms of investment strategy,
 Historically, we're very disciplined.
 There are three principles we adhere to.
 First of all, it needs to be very closely related
 to our core competence.
 And secondly,
 we need to
 really look for the companies that is number one or number two in their verticals.
 And certainly the valuation needs to be very reasonable.
 So historically we are very, very selective
 and very careful in terms of our investment.
 However, in terms of our organic investments in our core competence for the long-term investment
 such as technology and services and products.
 we're taking advantage of this slow season
 to make sure we focus on the projects,
 which will strengthen our competitiveness in the long term.
 So with limited resources, we're also prioritizing our internal projects to make sure we give the priority for the projects which will extend our competence in the long run.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I'll now hand back for closing remarks.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, everyone, for joining us today.
 You can find the transcript and webcast of today's call on investors.trip.com.
 will come.
 I look forward to speaking with you on our fourth quarter,
 2021 earnings calls.
 Thank you and have a good day.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 That does conclude our conference for today.
 Thank you for participating.
 You may now disconnect.
 Thank you.