 Thank you for standing by and welcome to thetrip.com 2021 Q3 Earnings Conference call.
 All participants are in a listen-only mode.
 There will be a presentation followed by a question and answer session.
 If you wish to ask a question, you will need to press the star key, followed by the number
 one on your telephone keypad. I would now like to hand the conference over to Michelle
 key.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Dorothy.
 Thank you all. Good morning and good evening. Welcome to Trip.com 2021 Q3 Earnings Conference
 Joining me today on the call are Mr. Jin Sliam, Executive Chairman of the Board.
 Jen Sun, Chief Executive Officer, and Ms. Cindy Wong, Chief Financial Officer.
 During this call, we will discuss our future options and performance, which are forward
 looking statements made and are the safe harbor provisions of the U.S.
 private security litigation reform act of 1995.
 forward-looking statements,
 you will be hearing risks and uncertainties.
 As such, our results make material a little different
 from the views expressed today.
 A number of potential risks and uncertainties are outlined in CryptoCom Group's public
 filing with the Security and Exchange Commission.
 shift.com groups does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements except
 as required under applicable law.
 Jim, Jim and Cindy will share in our strategy and business updates, operating highlights
 and financial performance for the third quarter of 2021, as well as a outlook for the fourth
 quarter of 2021.
 one.
 After the prepared remarks, we will have a Q&A session.
 that I will turn the call over to Jim.
 Again, please.
 Thank you, Michelle. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today.
 I just have a quarter of a new plan to see the world continue to transition towards normalcy.
 you know, the leading of tribal curves, people are more
 can't pull with traveling and able to do more in test stations.
 The transatlantic travel markets have seen recovery take shape in Europe and the United
 States to reopen the borders to all of active travelists.
 The EU Digital Policy Certificate has helped to facilitate free movement and travel within the continent.
 We're also happy to see many countries have adopted travel-friendly policies to smooth
 I will end towards them.
 In China, the spread of Delta variant, beginning at the end of July, disrupted the summer
 location season and has suppressed the travel momentum in winter.
 The vaccination rates in the country continues to rise with expectation that over 85% of
 Chinese population will be taught in access to prior law
 Thank you for your subscriptions.
 a system that may continue to be an ongoing issue for consumers and the business alike
 You know that's scary.
 We're going to use that for our menu.
 AGL, in the face of change, is the key to hold on to the pandemic impacts.
 We continue to adopt the view of circulation strategy to focus on both the China and the
 the message and the global travel market.
 I believe these are the opportunities amidst fast-changing market conditions.
 I'm in China to miss the market, so we're going to focus on fortifying supply chains
 so you can reach our product offerings to cover more use of cases scenario.
 And leveraging of content strategies to track the young spirit that are more countless,
 But it's also about following my business path.
 business partners, showcase their products, and interact with support.com.
 who is a high quality user.
 More than 200 million users have used our content around the world,
 to simplify the center of the unique app visitors browsing our content channel.
 As a leading one-stop travel platform,
 All content to conaction.
 Combating rate is also higher.
 Business partners can enjoy a monthly conversion rate up to 30 percent,
 encouraging them to reinforce our cooperation.
 On the international front, Asia, Pacific, and Europe will continue to be our key focusses.
 AAPAC Market, a global brand, trip.com, has been gaining share in markets such as Hong
 Singapore.
 and top career. With increasing brand awareness and accuracy, what we're saying about this
 Don't stay patient.
 by strengthening local hotel offerings.
 Europe for all of our friends have been closely collaborating.
 through all the previous quarters.
 Having a strong boost to Drums Pro's competitive list in the region.
 In the long run, Kedaka will continue to head to the primal cream and leverage to get a strong profit and strengthening.
 local focus, local vision will continue to be our course strategy in coming years.
 You'll remain focused on strengthening the peace competitiveness that we will prepare to embrace the global
 and tourism boom. We hope to see such inputs start to bear fruit and to be reflected in
 the performance.
 Stop business.
 the next three or five years.
 Thank you, James.
 Good morning, everyone.
 I would like to start with a brief overview of our performance in the past quarter and
 updates on our strategic focuses.
 In the third quarter, our total net revenue remained stable year-over-year and decreased
 by 9 percent quarter over quarter, mainly due to natural disasters and the new rounds
 of infections, which affect multiple provinces in China.
 we are glad to see the world moving ahead in normalizing international tourism.
 Yet, the road to global recovery is not without ups and downs.
 The performance of trouble markets in major economies has been divergent.
 The China carbon market has been frequently interrupted by the resurgence of COVID cases.
 It has witnessed a strong recovery in July.
 natural disasters and the delta variant emerged to slow it down. In the true
 otherwise.
 The hotel occupancy rate and air ticket bookings in Q3
 were down by around the 30% when compared to the pre-COVID-19 level for market performances.
 Nevertheless, our domestic hotel business was able to outpace the market performance
 by 20 to 25 percent.
 And our domestic air ticket booking recovery was much higher than the market levels as
 as well.
 The global market, on the other hand, has been making great progress in returning to
 to normalcy, especially in Europe and United States,
 Air ticket bookings in these markets made some major strides towards pre-pandemic levels
 in the past month, while the global flight volume was still below 2019 level, trip.com's
 overall international air ticket booking have increased by around 40% quarter over quarter.
 with air ticket bookings in Europe.
 growing by 170%.
 Sky scanner also saw air ticket bookings increased by approximately 100% year-over-year and around
 35% quarter over quarter.
 While COVID-19 pandemic has negatively affected the travel industry, there is no doubt the
 industry will emerge out from the trenches and come back stronger.
 We hope to see the travel industry take off in mid-2022 as vaccination level rise in
 the key markets, and coverless become used to some level of cover restrictions and feel
 more comfortable booking trips again.
 Looking beyond 2021.
 Our long-term mission is to pursue the perfect trip
 for a better world.
 and it has never changed.
 as James just mentioned.
 We will continue to stick to our strategy of local focus, global vision, and focus on
 on the following areas.
 First, building strong user cases.
 and make traveling part of our daily lives.
 as the pandemic and in a resulting health and travel measures
 measures.
 and make people shy away from long distance trips.
 weekend
 regional and staycation travel have become more popular and frequent.
 In Q3, we were glad to see our intra-provings hotel booking grow by approximately 35 percent.
 and our local hotel bookings grew by more than 60%.
 compared to the same period pre-COVID in 2019 in order
 to build strong user cases to attract and motivate users
 collaborated with more than 6,000 high-star hotels to provide value-added hotel packages,
 which included catering and many other in-hotel services.
 Such packages contributed around 30%
 to ourselves of these partner hotels.
 We strive to seize this opportunity to attract young generations and to help users in grace,
 as part of their daily lives.
 new response to addressing the need for inspiration for short-haul and local trips.
 We continue to make solid progress in our content strategy.
 the total amount of content published on our platform
 increased by 100% year over year.
 Compared to Q2, our number of KOLs
 have sequentially increased by 35%.
 the amount of users who interacted with our content
 increased by 20%.
 and the monthly content to transaction conversion rate
 reached 30% in July.
 2.
 tightening our relationship with business partners by empowering them to optimize customer structure
 and improve efficiency.
 Not only as an inspiration hub for users,
 our come-
 content channels also serve as the go-to platform
 where suppliers are empowered to improve
 making efficiencies, and gain traction
 with PRIP.com groups, high-quality users.
 As an important part of our content strategy,
 StarHub aims to help improve supplier's conversion rate and the info feed to increase their exposure.
 We have seen the number of the professionally generated content, content exposure, and content
 GMV increases by a monthly average of 50% for past consecutive seven months.
 in order to help expand our partner's customer base.
 We're also able to, pushing forward,
 with multiple corporate membership programs.
 were uses are entitled to benefit from both parties.
 There are now more than 30 million co-branded members between Trif.com Group and our hotel
 partners, and this number has grown by about six times since 2019.
 We also strengthened our partnership with airlines to help them with operating efficiencies
 and enhance our growth in the first and business class
 bookings.
 Stuart.
 strengthening the synergy among all brands of our group, of trip.com group to increase
 our market response to global spaces.
 strengthening the synergies among our group companies globally.
 The strengthening of the synergy among our group companies globally has continuously
 on the goal for the past quarters.
 leveraging the strong combined brand awareness.
 and the global presence.
 we're able to establish closer relationship with local suppliers
 and to field the Skyscanner and trip.com
 with improved competitiveness, enhanced product offerings,
 and a service reliability.
 the opportunity presents by the pandemic.
 We launched a serious value-added services to address our global clientele for user friendliness
 and a flexibility. We believe these will enable us to better
 respond to the post-pandemic
 travel-evolving demands and
 In the photo game market share, a strong local supply chain and bolstered product capabilities
 will enable TRIP.com to better utilize Giscana's strong traffic in Europe.
 Fourth, Co-operative Responsibility.
 following up our Rural Revitalization Initiative.
 On top of this trip.com group country retreats that were already opened in the business in Q2,
 two more were opened this quarter.
 Our facility in any provinces has now grown into a foundation of our rural revitalization
 Academy.
 Co-created with the local government through online and offline channels.
 We provide local talents with professional training and develop skills and contribute
 to improved global services quality.
 on top of the developing rural tourism that the country
 retreats also help facilitate the sales of a local product, the young vicinity, as a
 a means to improve local economy and livelihoods.
 with a strong, diverse workforce.
 Ship.com group.
 also strive to create an inclusion,
 inclusive and friendly working environment.
 So adopt a clear code of conduct to support working mothers and a care for pregnant employees.
 October, we were happy to receive the Women's Empowerment Principles Award by UN Women's
 in China as a recognition of our efforts
 in promoting gender equality and a female empowerment.
 The carbon industry has proven its resilience over the time, from 9-11 to SARS.
 And it will definitely weather the storm of COVID-19 as well.
 This crisis comes opportunity.
 remaining agile in the face of the challenge,
 will help us to seize opportunity and come back stronger.
 and re-establish confidence in travelers
 and to pursue the perfect trip for a better word as our mission stated.
 With that, I will now turn the call over to Cindy.
 Thanks, Jane.
 James. Good morning, everyone. For the third quarter of 2021, trip.com group reported net
 revenue of RMB $5.3 billion representing and 2% decrease year-over-year and 9% decrease
 quarter over quarter, primarily due to the influence of natural disasters and new rounds
 of pandemic outbreak in multiple regions of China.
 Accommodation reservation revenue for the third quarter of 2021 was RMB $2.2 billion.
 representing an 11% decrease year over year, and an 11% decrease quarter over quarter, recovering
 to 53% of the 2019 level.
 This is a natural result of a steady growth in July, offset it by the disruption of the
 of natural disasters and resurgence of COVID cases
 spreading over multiple provinces beginning
 at the end of July.
 our China domestic hotel booking.
 have been
 have seen high single-digit growth year-over-year,
 while ADR and blended tick rates are both affected
 by the depressed of the man.
 Transportation ticketing revenue for the third quarter of 2021 was RMB 1.8 billion, representing
 and 5% decrease year over year.
 and the 12% decrease.
 quarter over quarter.
 recovering to 49% of the 2019 level.
 Among which, domestic transportation's recovery momentum was disrupted by natural disasters
 and resurgence of COVID cases in summer, while international air ticket bookings increased
 by approximately 40% when compared to the previous quarter, mainly contributed by the
 recovery in Europe.
 package tour revenue for the third quarter of 2021 was R&B 392 million, representing
 a 20% increase year over year and a 7% increase quarter over quarter, recovering to 24% of
 to the 2019 level.
 This was contributed by an increase of leisure travel demand in July before the new round
 of pandemic outbreak.
 Corporate travel revenue for the third quarter of 2021 was RMB 338 million, representing
 a 20 percent increase year over year and a 13 percent decrease quarter over quarter.
 slightly higher than 2019 level.
 This segment continues to gain momentum
 as a result of the expanding user base.
 and improving cross-belling from transportation to accommodation.
 Thank you.
 gross margin was 77% for the third quarter of 2021.
 decreasing from 79% in the previous quarter, mainly due to reduce the top line recovery
 interrupted by new waves of infections.
 excluding share-based compensation charges.
 Our adjusted operating expenses decreased by 32% compared to the same period in 2019.
 Adjust it.
 product development expenses for the third quarter increased by 20% from the same period
 in 2020 and increased by 2% from the previous quarter, mainly reflecting the general increase
 in salary of product development personnel.
 We continued to run Lean and maintain a stable headcount
 in the team.
 It is a saving of 19 percent when compared to the same period in 2019.
 sales and marketing expenses for the third quarter decreased by 10% from the previous
 quarter as we swiftly adapt to the changing market conditions and followed a more prudent
 banning protocol in response to the uncertainty brought about by the pandemic.
 This reflects a saving of 49% when compared to the same period in 2019.
 Adjust it.
 DNA expenses for the subquarter decreased by 5% from the previous quarter.
 which also increased by 83% year over year, primarily due to a reversal of bad app precision
 in the third quarter of 2020 for the company's travel suppliers.
 And it is a saving of 20% when compared to the same period in 2019.
 adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter with IMB 537 million compared to RMB 916 million
 in previous quarter.
 adjusted EBITDA margin was 10% for the subquarter compared to 16% in the previous quarter, diluted
 loss per ordinary share and per ADS or IMB, $1.32 or US dollar, $0.20 for the third quarter,
 including share-based compensation charges and fair-value changes of equity securities
 investments and exchangeable senior notes.
 Now GAP diluted earning per ordinary share and per ADS,
 where IMB 81 cents or US dollar 13 cents for the third quarter.
 As of September 30, 2021, the balance of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash,
 The short-term investment held to maturity, time, deposit, and financial product was R&D
 $67.6 billion or U.S. dollar $10.5 billion.
 We redeemed early U.S. dollar $500 million of the 2025 booking and Hill House notes
 in the quarter and another U.S. dollar 500 million of the same convertible notes in this
 December, reducing a potential dilution of 14.6 million ordinary shares, turning to the
 the fourth quarter of 2021.
 We would like to share some color of our business.
 I'm China.
 during the National Day holiday.
 Our domestic hotel reservation reached double-digit growth during the beginning of the holiday,
 while transportation reservation is closed
 to the pre-COVID level.
 Multiple rounds of COVID cases that began in mid-October
 as spread to more than 20 provinces,
 largely impact the entire China domestic travel industry.
 In November, the industry-level hotel occupancy rate was down by 30 to 40 percent, and air
 30 kids passengers down 50 to 60 percent, both compared with the same period in 2019.
 Crypto.com group was also affected, but we continue to lead market performance by at
 at least 10 to 20 percent.
 All right.
 travel remain rather muted in current conditions.
 While outside of China, the recovery momentum in Europe and the U.S. continues to carry
 over to October with increased fried segment benefiting from the relaxation of travel restrictions
 and that's in a rollout.
 The path to global recovery is set, but not without ups and downs.
 systems.
 We will continue to be adaptive and responsive to changing market conditions and be flexible
 and ngile to seize opportunities to create value for our users and partners.
 back operator. Please open the line for questions.
 Thank you. If you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone and wait for your name to be announced.
 If you wish to cancel your request, please press star two.
 If you're on a speakerphone, please pick up the handset to ask your question.
 In interest of time, we please ask that you limit to one question per person.
 Your first question comes from Thomas Chung from Jefferies.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, James.
 Jane, Cindy, good morning.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 Okay, you share some color about the company's pen
 for the international business?
 How do you think about the pace of recovery
 in outbound travel as the restrictions are lifted.
 Thank you.
 In the recent months, many countries have adopted
 border reopening plans to the relaxed travel restrictions.
 More and more people are back on the road and travel further.
 So, some countries have tightened the restrictions recently due to the atomic bomb variant, the
 the temporal turbulence will not change the ultimate trend of cover recovery.
 In the normal conditions, we may see China gradually relax inbound and outbound tribal
 policies in the second half of 2022.
 The process reopening is expected to begin with mainland China with connecting with Hong
 and their traditional openings with other international markets.
 pace and range to likely depending on their official rate and the pandemic control capability
 We'll continue to enhance our product and service competitiveness
 and the domestic market is fully prepared for the recovery of international markets.
 In the past two years,
 chip.com group has demonstrated it to resilience.
 and leading the industry recovery despite COVID headwinds.
 making us a stronger company.
 Everybody has a global vision strategy.
 with my anti-sustainable brush.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from James Lee from Mizzouho.
 Please go ahead.
 Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Two quick ones here. Hi, Jane. How should we think
 about maybe the travel activity heading to Chinese New Year that being first and second
 for, I think, outbound travel to Hong Kong.
 the early read that you're seeing on consumer demand and behavior there.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, James.
 The opening up of Macau really provides a very good leading indicator for further consideration
 of Hong Kong. So we were just in Macau holding our global partnership meeting and the control
 of the virus over there is being conducted very well.
 So, that provides everywhere in the total industry some experience as to what we're
 happen if Hong Kong opens up. So we are very much looking forward to a very good control
 of the virus in Hong Kong continuously.
 And with that condition, there might be a good consideration
 for opening up of Hong Kong.
 And that also connects to our plan for the Chinese New Year.
 Historically, this Hong Kong is a very popular travel destination for Chinese New Year as
 people try to go visit different cities
 and doing some shopping in Hong Kong.
 And so, hopefully, there will be enough supporting evidence as to the well-controlled environment
 both in mainland China and in Hong Kong, which gave us the support to further consideration
 of opening up Hong Kong in addition to Macau.
 Thank you.
 Great, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from Brian Gong from Citi.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks, James, James Cindy and Michelle for taking that question.
 So my question is...
 about domestic travel expectations.
 So how does management see the travel performance outlook in first quarter, 21, and next year
 for first quarter next year with some local government right now encouraging people not
 travel across regions. And when the Olympics, here in March, we still expect domestic performance
 to be dragged by travel restrictions, and also with a low base in the second half of
 This year should we see a more normalized year on year growth in the second half next
 CEO for the massive market.
 Thank you.
 Yes, so what we have seen for the domestic travel is 4S.
 By saying for us, we have seen people are paying more attention to safety, so we encourage
 our suppliers to make sure they have very good safety measures, such as providing the
 hand sanitizers, masks to our problems.
 The second S is people prefer to travel
 with much smaller groups rather than big groups.
 So normally, our customized tool is selling very well.
 our customers prefer to hire a car.
 in a tour guide with family then to take their family along.
 The third F is with a much short booking window
 Because of the virus control, a lot of time we will get notifications from different destinations.
 So, the booking window we have seen is much shorter.
 And the last one of the four S is short distance.
 So what we have seen is people prefer to travel nearby their hometown, anywhere within the
 300 kilo becomes the radiance people feel more comfortable to travel to and also we
 We have seen young generation prefer to travel much more.
 So we have seen the young spenders who were born in nine days and generation Z cover quite
 a lot.
 But these are the trends that we have seen so far.
 Again, I think a lot of it will be depending
 on how well the virus is being controlled
 during the first quarter and the second quarter.
 However, these demands are not disappearing
 from our data of the search.
 customer's pent-up demand is accumulating and varies from just as what we saw in May
 holiday this year. The search of the demand is very strong. So we are very hopeful that
 that the vaccination rate will be continuously increasing the measures
 of the virus control will prove to be effective.
 and then gradually the market will increase.
 So your assessment, the second half of 2022 will be stronger
 than the first half, we very much hope so.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Your next question comes from Ronald Kiyong from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
 Thank you. Thank you, James, James, Indy, Michelle.
 My question is more on if the recent travel patterns that we saw in recent months last
 for longer and with Omnicron and government's dynamic zero COVID strategies then how does
 management see the trajectory for domestic and international travel in 2022, if the recent
 It turns last longer.
 And how will we plan our costs, accordingly,
 and implications to either cash flows or margins
 in the next one to two years.
 Thank you.
 Yeah.
 Thank you, Ron.
 March I actually decided by both the top lie as well as the cost to control or cost to
 control.
 on the top line, on the revenue side.
 But of course, we are in the travel industry, so our performance will be pretty much decided
 by the industry growth. However, as always, we will do our best to continuously outpace
 the industry grows. For example, in the third quarter this year, we outpaced 10 to 20 percent
 at least for different segments compared with the industry growth in the travel industry.
 On the cold side, we will continuously, to weather the COVID, to weather the storm, we
 have to have a very disciplined cost to policies, cost to structures, to weather the stone.
 Firstly, we have a very strong cash position.
 At the end of the Q3, we have about $10.5 billion U.S. dollars in the cash balance, which probably
 is the best, one of the best in the travel industry.
 Secondly, on the cost side, our total adjusted cost and operating expenses actually decreased
 by more than 35% in Q3 compared with the before COVID level.
 So, thanks to our very largely flexible cost and expensive structure and as well as efficient
 operating management.
 During the past few quarters, we streamlined our operation across different business lines
 in addition to certain adjustments related to the COVID.
 And in addition, our improvements on the content
 cross-selling and technology have further lifted our marketing efficiencies.
 terms of the cost trend going forward.
 forward, we will expect a very modest increase in the personnel
 expenses only on our international markets.
 And for the domestic market, we expect our total headcount will be pretty much stable,
 especially for our core businesses.
 But we need to add some investment just to capture the pent-up demand that has already
 been seen in the international market, especially in the Europe market.
 On the sales marketing expenses, we will continuously to adopt an ROI-driven strategy, and we will
 have a very disciplined policies in terms of sales and marketing spending, both for
 the domestic China market as well as for the international market.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Once again, if you'd like to ask a question, please press star one on your
 Your next question comes from Alex Yao from JP Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi.
 Good morning, management.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 I have a question on the investment activities.
 So in light of the potential we're opening in China and also more regions and the markets
 in the rest of the world.
 Are you guys contemplating any additional
 and a new investment activity to capture those
 reopening opportunities. Thank you.
 Yes, so thanks, Alex.
 In terms of investment strategy, historically,
 We're very disciplined.
 There are three principles we adhere to.
 And first of all, it needs to be very closely related to our core competence.
 And secondly, we need to really look for the companies that is number one or number two
 in their verticals. And so, the late evaluation needs to be very reasonable. So, historically,
 We are very, very selective and very careful
 in terms of our investment.
 However, in terms of our organic investments
 in our core competence for the long-term investment,
 such as technology and services and products.
 we're taking advantage of this slow season to make sure we focus on the
 projects which will strengthen our competitiveness in the long term.
 So with limited resources, we're also prioritizing our internal projects to make sure we give
 the priority for the projects which will extend our competence in the long run.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I'll now hand back for closing remarks.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, everyone, for joining us today.
 You can find the transcripts and webcasts of today's call on investors.trips.com.
 We look forward to speaking with you on our fourth quarter of 2021 Ernie's call.
 Thank you and have a good day.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. That does conclude our conference for today.
 Thank you for participating.
 you may now disconnect.
 Thanks for watching.
 We'll see you next time.
 Bye.
 you may now disconnect.