 Good morning everyone and welcome to Aspen's results presentation with the year ended 30 June 2021.
 Thanks so much for joining us. I'm going to begin the presentation.
 She takes note of the disclaimer and the disclosure notes at the beginning of the presentation.
 But now let's move to the presentation in detail and I'm going to kick off with the financial review.
 Look at the financial highlights from continuing operations for the year. It's been a really good year for Aspen
 We've had solid double-digit organic growth in our revenue.
 That's been backed up by really some growth and earnings.
 A sharp downtrend in our debt to very much lower leverage levels.
 The reinstatement of our dividend at $262 seems to share.
 And all in all, a really satisfying year because we have delivered on the strategy we've set
 for ourselves and the communication with the market, and it has been a year that we've
 We've achieved much, a lot of which is reflected in these results and a lot of other really
 of things which have happened behind the scenes and will influence future results as well.
 I'm going to now, in the next few minutes, unpack these highlights into more detail.
 So let's start off with the segmental revenue.
 Our regional brands are up 3% in reported terms, 2% in constant exchange rates.
 So we've got two levels of exchange rate we're working with here.
 One is you're on your actually as reported and one converts last year's
 to the same exchange rates that prevailed during the current year, which is a more comparative
 So, I'm going to stay with the constant exchange rates and discussing these outcomes.
 So, do.
 regional brands, really resilient performance.
 We had some headwinds here from the mandated cut in the EU.
 EU mandated cut in oncology prices and also as a consequence of COVID where some of our
 products went into mind due to due to the COVID circumstances in the market. The sterile
 Focus Browns have an excellent year, 9% growth and constant exchange rate, and converse from
 the regional brands.
 They did been a
 benefit to an extent from COVID related demand. But the underlying performance was nonetheless
 very, very sound. And then the biggest growth came from manufacturing, which was up 29%.
 There is a sub-story here, which I'm going to unpack now.
 The large amount of that growth was driven by sales to counter-parties have recently
 completed disposals. In fact, the European from BOSA's disposal and the Japanese business
 as described earlier previously.
 Now those sales
 were the biggest driver of the growth, if you take them out, that 29% constant
 constant exchange rate was 7% constant exchange rate growth.
 However, just for noting, as we move forward in the presentation, those sales are low to
 no margin, so it has an impact on our margin performance as well.
 Also notable under manufacturing was the commencement of the COVID vaccine sales in the second
 half of the year.
 So moving on to those growth profit percentages, if we look at regional brands on a half-to-half basis over the last two years.
 The first half of this year we had some nice gains from cost of good savings, but those
 as we're diluted with those EU mandated oncology price cuts in the second half.
 If there are focused brands, follow the trend of the last three hubs with a lower mix influencing
 a lower margin than we achieved in the first half of 2020. Manufacturing was affected by
 those transaction related sales that are referred to.
 What we've done here is put some shading on the chart
 to show the effect on the margin.
 So with the shading, you have the margin that would have been calculated excluding those
 sales.
 Obviously higher margins excluding those sales and also weighing on the manufacturing margin was the
 the high production costs of operating under COVID circumstances where it has been a very
 We'll see you next week.
 Have a great week.
 objective of ours to keep our manufacturing sites running continuously through the pandemic
 but that had come at an additional cost.
 All of those factors obviously have influenced the group margin, but there's another element
 to just bear in mind.
 as you saw in the revenue slide,
 manufacturing has become a bigger part of the overall revenue relative to commercial
 farmer than it used to be and as a consequence of the lower margins in
 manufacturing that has also diluted the group margins a little.
 This is quite well illustrated in quantum terms on the gross profit bridge.
 There's not a lot of FX noise at the gross profit line.
 You can see the 1% effect of the lowest sterile focused
 brands margin in the current year and then a better regional brands margin rectifying
 some of that.
 The 0.9 percent step down in manufacturing is really around those higher COVID costs.
 And then the 1.6% is the effect of those transaction-related supplies.
 and then the final point that I made about the mix moving towards manufacturing, that
 is the minus 0.7. That's how we bridge our gross profit percent.
 Moving on to the normalized EVA dial-on. This is quite a busy table, but let me pick out a couple of points for you.
 Firstly, operating expenses, very well controlled during the year, came in at 24.2% of revenue
 as opposed to 26.4% a year earlier.
 only 1% higher in constant exchange rate terms
 on 10% more revenue, and the targeted initiatives
 they've commenced in FY 2021 will continue into FY 2022.
 we aim to continue to keep those expenses well controlled.
 We saw a point out she was a 45% decline in net operating income.
 that's really heavily influenced by the item
 on the next line of detail, which is HPC.
 HPC is a product which is distributed on our behalf in the United States and
 And we have received over the past few periods a series of milestones from the distributor,
 the last of which was in the financial year 2021.
 So there's no repeat to that milestone and just from a comparability point of view that
 that is also affected margins.
 If you exclude other operating income from this calculation, the EBITDA growth would
 have been 6% in reported terms and 3% in
 and constant exchange rates.
 The normalized EVA DAW 26.3% outcome is consistent with the December 2020 investor presentation
 we did with the proforma base case there of 25.8%.
 And then just moving forward, we do expect the trend in the Eva-Dyle margin to turn and to start improving in the year ahead.
 Drivers in the next year and years thereafter of EBITDA, margin percentage upside, or amongst others,
 continue type control and implementation of particular initiatives about
 containing operating expenses, we have the
 and aesthetics production starting to come in the house
 And we expect increased commercial farmers
 GDP as a consequence of that and that really kicks in strongly in a couple of years' time.
 There will be an incremental contribution from new customers in our sterile capacity
 available so as new customers come in the incremental benefits will add to
 margin there, and in the production sites we have ongoing programs running, driving
 efficiency and production methods which we expect to be already showing benefits and
 FY2022.
 Currency is potentially quite important and always a complex matter as far as
 Aspen's concerned, because we trade in many, many
 currencies across the globe trading in more than 150 countries effectively, that's where
 goods are supplied to. So many currencies involved and the variability one to another can have
 substantial effect.
 I've tended to try and map the way through those currencies with a range of comparisons
 of different exchange rates.
 This time around I've decided to have a look at key elements of our 2021 income statement
 and convert those to an outcome at the 27th of August,
 August, so last Friday at those rates and see what happened.
 So, we take our first half results,
 revenue
 Normalized EBITDA and normalized headline ending per share would all have been less
 than reported.
 If we take the second half results, revenue would have been slightly down, and the other
 two metrics would have been higher for the second half of last financial year, the reported
 This one, I think you have 20-21.
 And if you combine those all, at 27 August, 2021,
 or reported results would have been this than we actually reported.
 So you can see our exchange rate variability really
 does affect outcomes a lot.
 And for those of you who are looking to forecast ESPN's results, you need to keep a very careful
 are on extreme price.
 Not only are you dealing with current variability, but the variability in your starting position
 with each period having a different set of rights
 that applied to it.
 Moving further down there as the income statement, let's have a look at how we bridge normalized headline earnings per share
 So we had an uplift this year in FX, moving from the left to the right, an uplift in FX,
 which gives us our constant, extreme, bright outcome.
 We're going to add a little bit more.
 made a nice contribution to the bottom line, but you can see that the HPC effect was offsetting
 on that, some small items on depreciation and amortization, and then really good leverage
 out of lower finance costs or above a lower level of debt.
 and then some pecs are fixed as well.
 bringing us the R to the 7% increase in constant exchange rate and have 10% as reported.
 Moving to operating cash flow is really the most important part of the performance of
 the business as the cash it generates.
 And very interesting graph that we're displaying here.
 The blue zigzag line is our operating cash flow conversion rate measured at each half
 your end. So operating cash flow conversion, operating cash flow generated over our Hidlart
 earnings per share coming out of a percent and our target is to get a hundred percent
 of the earnings converted to cash, which is that dotted red line.
 The green line is the moving 12-month average.
 So it's averaging the two halves, the two consecutive halves
 you can take it apart as you move across.
 As you can see, they're a very defined cycle.
 In half one, our conversion rate is generally
 or almost always less than 100 and a half to always better than 100 and that's
 But there's some structural influences around contracted payments which influence that
 and we'll continue to influence it.
 I'll come this year, and then in H2 in particular,
 in particular without standing.
 In the year as a whole, we expected to have some real consequences, which we did encounter
 from that uncommonly low debt of balance at the end of last year, which those of you follow
 the aspirin on a regular basis would be aware of.
 Those balances were suppressed by early buy-in under COVID
 conditions in the 2020 financial year and consequently
 live data at the end of the year releasing,
 They've cashed the normal into the system during FY 2021.
 But despite that, the year-end working capital
 revenue percent is at its lowest point since we transition
 to be a global multinational.
 So working capital has released cash to the cash flow
 to the cash flow for the second successive year, which was a really gratifying achievement.
 and the ultimate outcome of that in a conversion rate, the 134% conversion rate.
 so you can see substantially above our 100 cent target.
 Into the year ahead, the excellent cash flows this year will put pressure on further improvement
 in the year ahead, as will a few one-off credit payments of about 620 million
 and ran at your end rates, which will cause outflows.
 But nonetheless, we do continue to target and aim at the 100% conversion rate.
 And please expect that H1, H2 cycles to continue so the half year results expect the conversion
 rate to be under 100%.
 Having a look at capital expenditure, this is a big investment area for the business,
 And building our property, plant and equipment has been a strategic focus for us over the
 Lots.
 and we've been a big investor in our manufacturing sites.
 But I believe Stephen will very adequately give you evidence of why that strategic investment
 been so important and what value it's going to bring in part of the presentation.
 In FY20-21 we fell about 400 million rounds short of the target it spent for the year.
 There was some delays and difficulties in moving ahead with our big projects under COVID conditions.
 and so that spend has carried over into into a few two years. So we're projecting a two
 2 billion spent for this year and then a lower spend next year.
 of those anesthetics-enhanced, um, strategic projects, uh, the first of the products of
 have already begun commercial production both in South Africa and in Germany, France, commercial
 production should start in 2023.
 We are considering some opportunities around increased vaccine demand and dealing with
 opportunities in the vaccine space and there is some new capital expenditure which is under
 assessment which is related to that and Stephen will talk more about that as well in his presentation.
 Also, part of CAPEX is the IP side of CAPEX, and this is our enhanced product development
 and also effectively IT software.
 We're spending a lot on IT software as we digitalize the business at the moment, also
 that program was delayed a bit through COVID.
 And so we came up 200 million short about target.
 Then they carry over into the new financial year and we expect a spend of about a billion
 ran this year, most of which relates to RT or Digitalization Project.
 The borrowing slide, a lot of information on this slide.
 All of it, good news, I'm glad to say.
 So if we start with the top left hand corner,
 You can see over the past 12 months how our debt has declined.
 If you look at the third ball, that top graph, you'll see that
 At your end, we are reporting all of our debt at current.
 That is because at the 30th of June, 2021, all of our debt was due within the next 12 months.
 But since that period, we have undertaken an extension of maturity dates on our existing
 commercial term debt facilities and those have been successfully extended to the 30th of June 2023
 And then we have also...
 So secured a financing package which was arranged by the International Finance Corporation,
 600 million euros of debt there on a seven-year amortising loan.
 Repayment only begins in 2024.
 It secures terms which are consistent with our pre-existing term date facilities for a
 lengthy period of time, at attractive rates, and is the first step of the longer term debt
 maturity rearrangement which we're undertaking.
 The bottom left-hand corner of the slide shows how our banked covenant measure has declined
 over the past few reporting periods.
 Now it sits at 1.74, so lots of headroom to the bank of the Covenant, we're actually sitting just
 halfway to full utilization of that government and in the top right-hand corner can see consistent
 with that declined hearing, increasing interest cover ratio, and some effective interest rate
 information for your benefit.
 In the investor presentation, we undertook in December of 2020, we made a commitment
 to investors regarding capital allocation, model,
 and power of possession.
 and our capital allocation fits under a prerequisite
 with it an internal leverage cap of three times, so less than the 3.5 times imposed upon us by our bankers.
 So first priority for us, because of the importance in business sustainability and efficiency,
 is the PPE and RP CapEx.
 And we invested $2.7 billion in those during the course of the last year.
 Next is an intrinsic part of our business model, which is bolt-on acquisitions of RPM businesses.
 So our business model involves consistent review
 and renewal review and renewal and that means disposing and acquiring of what we
 We refer to it both on acquisitions.
 We have a definition of values there.
 And under these transactions, we had a net $735 million rent outflow.
 Next priority is dividends, which we guided we would be reinstating, and I'd be very pleased
 to be confirming that those dividends are now resumed.
 Our undertaking is where dividends meet our criteria of that leverage pep.
 So we will pay greater than or equal to 20% of in-hits.
 We've kicked off at 20% of in-hits and 1.2 billion ram will be paid to shareholders at
 the end of this month.
 And finally, larger acquisitions and disposals, the fourth in the line of priorities.
 And these are M&I transactions that are value-accretive and sometimes depending on strategic direction
 and shift may be strategic disposals and we have had some large strategic disposals during
 the earth, most notably the Europeans from both the business, and the net proceeds of
 of those disposal is just about $13 billion around.
 So a really clear picture, I hope for all of you
 of the capital allocation and our commitment to our model here.
 I'm almost at the end of my section now.
 It is the 46th time that I've stood in front of investors to present results for Aspen,
 and it will be my loss.
 And I'd like to introduce to you the man that will step into the shoes of group two financial officer, Mr. Sean Cappasario.
 You will commence the roll from the 1st of January.
 Sean has been with Aspen
 Longer than Aspen exists almost because he was in a in a company that required him
 1999, it's a dragist and he's really performed at the top of his game every day of his service
 Thanks for watching.
 See you in the next video.
 He was made very early in that time frame, the financial director of Aspen South African
 business, which at that time was the dominant part of Aspen, and he served with distinction
 and that rolled between 1999 and 2004.
 We then persuaded him to join us in the corporate office.
 We had a type of group business analyst really assisting us with the early stages of our
 internationalization and that role spent 2004 to 2009. It was then ultimately a point of group
 finance office in 2009 and serves in that post until today. He has been my right hand
 over that entire period on all matters financial.
 He has been incredibly strong support.
 and has had a lot to do with the strength
 of Aston's financial performance over that period.
 Sean brings enormous corporate knowledge
 and very high technical skills, as well as a well-developed
 business acumen to the position and I have every confidence that he will continue to
 to take Aspen's financial custody from string to string.
 So I'd like to all of you to welcome Sean and as I sign off, I'm going to just give Sean a few minutes to greet you before we move on with the presentation. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Thank you Gus for that introduction. It really has been an exciting journey working in the Espen family for so many years and
 and growing with it and seeing how it's globalised over the many years.
 It's really a pleasure to meet all of you and hopefully in the future I can meet with
 you face to face and really build a strong relationship going forward.
 I look forward to working with the Aspen group executives and the Aspen team and the Aspen
 board and together with all of Aspen stakeholders in Aspen's next exciting chapter of positive
 evolution in providing accessible, affordable, and quality medicine to all, and enhancing
 and saving patient lives, which is really the DNA of Aspen.
 It's really good to meet all of you and look forward to working with all of you going forward.
 On that note, I'm going to hand over to Steven Saad to take a 3D operational performance.
 Good morning everyone, and happy to be presenting again.
 happy I've ever seen you all in person.
 welcome Sean and we love that you have you here and you know there's a common
 train that I've noticed in the last one while I was watching you that I financial
 direct to start with here and they go bored and I hope that I'm not responsible for what
 for what I'm seeing here.
 But for those of you who've discussed it's been a real honour and quality that knows so well.
 It's been a real honor to work with guys.
 The big big positive for me is that guy stays with me, he stays with Aspen, the only difference
 He's not going to be sitting around the board table and he's going to probably be sitting
 on the other side of the table during presentations, but all in all, it's happy to see how we've
 grown our own timber within Aspen, the cabin we've got within, and a pleasure to have
 our violence in such strong hands. It was put so long and that's where it will stay.
 Maybe just a quick comment or just summary, lots of numbers with Gus but I think the peer
 The work for me is clear when I look at the theory that we've had.
 Of course, it's been a positive year, but it's not just a year in isolation.
 It's been a period.
 And this here does close the loop in many areas.
 And I will cover this discussion about what I mean about closing the loop a little bit
 later.
 For me, there's two things that stand out, that we've got a reshaped portfolio that's
 given us good organic growth, strong organic growth, something that we've been, we've been
 We're trying very hard to get a portfolio that we know we can sustain and grow and you
 We will see every section within the business grows.
 obviously the obvious is we will decrease that date by just under 20 billion I think it's 19 or
 billion rent of debt without nearly a similar reduction in EBIT or EBITDA.
 So those are the two things that for me, as you get a one line summary, that's what I'd
 be looking and saying, this is why it's such a positive year.
 But I don't think this year's results are about this year for me, and I'm hoping that
 when I talk to you there you'll see it's a platform that we have laid
 and that gives us future growth and the future opportunities and clearly I think if we deliver
 on what we hope the best is really yet to come, you know, last sport, no pain, no gain,
 no risk, no reward. If ever we thought, or anyone thought, that you could build a global
 manufacturing, global distribution, global commercial platforms, in pharmaceuticals,
 and it was going to be easy.
 Well, then you've misguided.
 We never assumed that, but I will say this much, we have done it.
 But what we have done will be a catalyst for our future growth opportunities.
 So it's been a really busy period within Aspen, and just in case those of you that thought
 that maybe for the lost period we've been resting or resting in our spare time we have
 managed and with incredible pride had managed to deliver the first COVID vaccine after all
 So let's go on with the presentation. Let's go into the words here.
 here we've got I'd like to start with what we're showing almost finished and
 where we start, you know, as soon as all of that acts out.
 It's been a cool focus for us is how we get equitable access to quality of affordable
 And we really had a proud record of delivery.
 I think it's well-known what we've done around ARVs, TVs,
 exomethazone, the huge volumes of anesthetics that were called on us during COVID. And then
 we've now produced the vaccine for J&J and that goes with distribution to Africa and the world.
 and it has been called to addressing inequitable access to vaccines.
 It's the only COVID-19 manufacture in Africa with the commitment for the majority of doses to be
 delivered to Africa and my understanding is that it's not the only vaccine manufacturer in Africa
 standing as post-October, all doses will be delivered to Africa.
 The most exciting news is having to display these competencies.
 We've got a real potential now to accelerate African access.
 J&J working with ourselves or working to further collaborate with us to work out how we can
 increased COVID vaccine 19 production and I'll take you through some of the latest slides about
 how their production might be enhanced.
 And one of the areas that we are talking about in this complexity here, so there's a little work to be done,
 We committed to work together to include the evaluation of a license to really manufacture
 market and sell a vaccine for Africa, and if successful with their glasses, F.S.B.N.Wol
 have been not only manufactured, but we will also have our own brand. We will tell directly
 to the individual customers.
 And then, of course, Espen being Espen's license is for
 to 100% of the production from the vaccine will come will go to Africa.
 It really is a responsibility to take on these ventures.
 I can't tell you how many sleepless nights some many many people across Aspen have had to get to this position of delivery
 And we are grateful that the opportunity that Jo and Jo afforded us.
 and the fact that they have backed in communication with a much broader initiative to even expand this relationship further.
 I also have got to pay tribute to the Aspen teams.
 They were not the first of the nine manufacturers in the J&J network.
 We have many of the Europeans and American manufacturers coming first, but they certainly come up with lots of the best.
 and they'd be the best performance globally
 and when there's a shortage of ATR,
 Aspen got it first because of the little key to deliver.
 And through this process, it's been a highly political process
 that we've been exposed to many global platforms
 we've had to talk on everywhere and it's been incredible, the tremendous support from the
 entire African continent and its leaders. And I think what's absolutely clear is that
 Africans are speaking with one voice.
 we never want to be marginalized again.
 We look at our ESG efforts, of course access to medicines is fundamental to what we do
 And the propacities we've put into Jane, I'm going to just give you some insert here
 the J&J vaccine. We've had no recalls and we've been pretty reliable with supply in very challenging
 circumstances, volumes being pretty erratic out there, we've obviously been
 where we are to get our vaccination programs.
 We signed the Women's Empowerment Principles and we've had zero fertility since 2013.
 As I said, we've had a lot of, there's been a lot of political pressure and a political
 into what goes on around COVID.
 And so we've had huge engagements with governments all around the world, NGOs, partners, and
 trying to work out COVID responses
 both in our own country and in Africa.
 And I think another highlight for us
 has been integrated report, we were crossed as excellent
 by the EY Excellent and Integrity in the Integrated Reporting Awards.
 We've also looked at the environment, the environment is an important part for us.
 We've spent quite a bit of time looking at electricity and water, you know, the eastern
 tape has been suffering in the drought as well and you'll see what under one of the
 to see some details around what we are doing in that area.
 Moving on to the numbers.
 That's touched briefly on then, I think from a revenue point of view, pleasing to see the
 commercial farmer growth at 6% reported and 4% in constant
 currency and the entire group growing at 12% in reported and 10% in constant currency.
 What does reported and constant currency mean?
 So it means that if you look at these results,
 operationally, the way the operations, they delivered 10% and the effect of the movement
 So the exchange rate is what gave us that extra 2%.
 So to separate your operation performance for the X-ray,
 your exchange rate affected the difference between reported and constant exchange rate.
 What they're telling us is that the difference between reported and constant exchange rate
 you is that the rent has depreciated across the basket of currencies to give that cheap
 So what had been our key growth drivers in commercial format, the emerging markets in
 in commercial format and the vaccine production
 manufacturer. Two highlights, those that they are. So when we look at commercial
 And this is interesting because it gives you some insight into exchange rates, our commercial
 former excluding the EU on college.
 And I took that out, we took it out because in under these two presentations we've given
 guidance outside of the EU and the University portfolio, emerging markets grew at 6%, yet
 actually operation in the grade 8, which means that the South African range generally is
 got stronger against emerging market currencies and then the next one is interesting because
 So let the develop markets only grow at 1%.
 In reported terms, they actually end up growing
 more than the emerging markets.
 Gus has taken you through manufacture where when you strip out the supply-related contracts
 you see a 12% growth in reported earnings and a 7% in constant currency.
 From an Aspen perspective and the guidance we've given, we try to look at our internal measure of organic growth.
 For this, we take out those supply contracts, we take out the oncology, and we come out
 with an 8% growth in reported and 6% in constant currency.
 For those of you who haven't subscribed to our channel yet,
 those of you that follow us, you would have seen in the first half, we had a much bigger
 delta between reported and constant exchange rate, and I'll show you the
 currency volatility and how the rain strengthened in the second half, relative in the second
 half of last year. And that's what closed the gap to to this 12 and 10 you see. You know, COVID has
 impacted revenue. The regional brands were negatively impacted, lots of costs and calls
 antibiotics, the aeroidal product. But we have seen some improvement in acute
 which positively impacted those in H2 relative to H1. We've got a mixture
 positive impact in sterile brands which I'll take you through a little bit more and we've
 been negatively impacted in manufacture where we've battled one with output and
 and output we've got has come at a high speed.
 just think you've got to put people in bigger spaces and lads, people being ill in the facility.
 So it's been a real challenge to keep those doors open, but we've managed it.
 but it has come at a cost, not just a cost as an operating cost, but also it has impacted
 output.
 Particularly
 and IPR business. So let's look at revenue, let's look at the regional
 brands performance and a very pleasing performance here. They're pleasing because our key components
 So here, what we do in South Africa and what we do in Australia, both those businesses
 came under pressure, having big portfolios and antibiotics and OTCs, but the bounce back
 came in H2 in South Africa, which was down 5% for those of you that might remember.
 half moved into positive to show the improvement in the second half and Australia to jump to 6%.
 percent. And Australia continues to be underpinned by good growth in the ITC business. The Americas,
 Latin America has been a real art performer for Eston for many, many years and continues
 on there.
 have been growing another 9% in a constant currency.
 The European, what I've done now is I've taken oncology out of this area so that you can have a look at Europe.
 at Europe.
 in constant currency would have gone from minus 18 to minus 5 and our regional
 grand would have grown 4% in both reported and constant currency so that's probably quite
 a nice proxy for growth rate, that last number.
 The ScareRile Focus Brand is really another strong performance off the strong performance
 in H1 and I'm just going to give you a little bit of history here because those of you that
 that the policy will know that there's been
 a
 quite a switch between elective surgery and COVID products and they're often different
 products.
 different countries, different continents on different stages of COVID and so we've
 seeing different impacts every way.
 So some territories.
 benefited from elective surgery, but there had been material impacts of COVID impacts
 in this portfolio.
 Comparing these numbers with last year, so I'll just remind you what was last year. Last year China was in a very strict lockdown
 And we really battled to perform in China last year.
 last year the results were benefit.
 Europe was exceptionally hard,
 because it was getting a mess of COVID wave.
 So, we've got to look at what this is relative.
 So the big growth here is out of Asia, and that is China, effectively, and China grew
 a low base and so it's back, it is back, the doors are open, electrosurgery back, hospitals
 open, Asia performed. Europe actually was down substantially. It doesn't show these numbers
 and the reason it's in anaesthetic and the reason it doesn't show in these absolute numbers
 is because we had a strong increase in the Russia's TAS thrombosis portfolio in the current year.
 So that was what helped us say some of the negatives in Europe.
 What you can see generally is a positive performance across all the other regions as well.
 So really, a really nice performance and strong performance promise here at Business in this
 here.
 last area to cover the numbers on Iran Performance Reviews Manufacture.
 And here I would be looking at the finished dose form, which has got massive growth reports here.
 But if we take up those supply-related contracts, you will see it's grown at 29% in reported
 earnings at 23% in constant exchange.
 A chemical business which is a fantastic business and a real performance and one of the, when
 And I look at something, we're really proud of it.
 the last period it's what we've done in this APR space but you know we have had as I mentioned
 problems getting stock out at the rate we'd like to get at that and it has come
 It's quite a bit of incremental cost.
 The biochem business continues to grow, but it also is a business that has a commodity
 The input here prints basically a commodity and the commodity cycle has not plateaued
 And I'm never sure when it is going to play a turn, how fast it comes up or down on the
 But if there's one thing to take out of here, it's really the initiation of our COVID vaccine
 screen, a revenue screen. We did over 400 million rent here and that was in
 in spite of having a hiccup in the APR supply out of the fire from the U.S. emergent.
 So a really strong performance and a strong grab of growth.
 Can it go now and talk and this is when I spoke to you at the beginning I said look just let's understand what we've really done here
 I guess we've produced eight, we've got last numbers,
 But what have we done to create?
 What have we done to the different data?
 we just vote and solve, what have we done?
 So let's start first of all with the JNJ vexing.
 We have partnered with Jay and Jay here, they've partnered with us and we've produced a really
 a f-
 I don't have to take it all the numbers and details and the positive is that eight months
 down the line in testing how these vaccines are waning, et cetera, JNJ continues to be
 highly affected.
 I think we see all the stats and the stats are up there for you, but maybe the more interesting
 I've got you the anecdotal one, one of the CEOs of the private form of groups in South
 that they protect.
 back to Aspen to say in the in the ways of COVID before giving the J&J vaccine they had 43
 gaps amongst the healthcare workers, doctors, nurses, people working in the hospitals. So
 so they lost 43 people.
 subsequent to giving the Jane Jo vaccine to this doctor.
 I haven't had as tingle mortality.
 a very big local pharmaceutical private hospital group and that just really makes all the effort
 work while it's statistics like that that drive you and keep you to want to keep pushing
 on and testing all sorts of frontiers, but a really wonderful feedback to get.
 I think, you know, as we've watched this whole vaccine process unfold, you can get quite
 You can get angry, but what it has done to Aspen has given us an absolutely steely resolve to capacitate Africa.
 And to be part of a process, we unlock global inequality
 Fectase, Fectase.
 We've seen nationalism.
 We've seen it for description.
 where there's little filters that go into making products,
 It is just everybody grabbed what was theirs and the border shot.
 So those people who had capabilities and manufacture got first access and Africa is really in a
 position because
 Africa had money. They had money to buy vaccines. But actually, when you look at the vaccine lens,
 99 percent of all African vaccines are imported.
 Much came from India and then India of course had its own problems with COVID and they just
 to see the exporting.
 So, capacitating Africa is an imperative.
 It's an imperative, I believe, a global imperative.
 And what does capacitate mean?
 Do we pick more fact region?
 Yes.
 then I need to put in more factories down.
 we've shown it as, maybe we've got factories on the ground,
 you get stopped. But also, we've got to talk about human capital and how we build a human
 capital base because this unless we do this we will never have surplus and what does
 effort can have to get.
 the end of the day vaccines are a commodity product it's you know one person one person one
 one vaccine, two vaccine, three vaccines, whatever it is,
 It starts with one.
 It starts to multiply and starts with 1.
 And effort is about 1.3 billion people.
 What Africa is starting to realize in discussions
 is that in our procurement policies,
 in the way we see our content,
 You've got the potential to reshack them off.
 And we need to make sure that we reshite that amount in such a way
 that it's not something that's really just for pandemics,
 because we don't want to end up with World Cup soccer
 guidance.
 We got the
 you know we've got these very expensive edifices and COVID comes in guys so we
 need to get volumes outside of pandemics and we need to have capabilities to be able to make those
 So, let's look at what Aspen is doing and where we are, and we look at our vaccine footprint
 inside.
 South Africa. And we've got a pretty ambitious goal here.
 We want to get ourselves into a position where we're producing one vaccine for one African.
 So we've got as you know vial capacity and we've got vial capacity and vaccines are made in vials,
 but not all our viral capacity can make vaccines.
 and that is what we're in the process of doing now, is converting some of our biocapacity
 that we haven't got is not available to vaccines to be able to make vaccines as well and that's
 relatively quick process and will be ready by February of next year. So what's that other
 five or six months time and that will take our capacities from 300 million
 doses to 450 million doses.
 we will have over 700 million doses available by January 2023.
 Now that is information we shared with you, the 700 million doses at the interim presentation.
 And you might say, well, you know, what are you going to do with that 700 million?
 Well, we've got a fairly solid park line here to get some pretty good capacity utilization
 utilisation of the 700, we're pretty comfortable around that, not just COVID vaccines and
 expansion of our relationships with their boosters. Clearly the boosters are going to follow and there
 or other EMO opportunities. So a lot of people are coming to us because I've
 in Africa is proving incredibly valuable.
 We can get to 1.35 billion doses, which is nearly a doubling of our capacity of our existing footprints.
 And that comes with limited incremental prefix.
 Why is that?
 because for those of you that have followed us for 20 years,
 We tend to build a big house, and we fill a room.
 and then we create the space in case those volumes are demanded.
 I'm pretty sure that those volumes are going to be needed because we are on some pretty
 serious debates around the current conversion commercial discussions around how bodies might
 you fall down towards.
 But we really need to push that button.
 We need certainty around sustainable volumes.
 I think what we are seeing is donor funds, the big buyers are all saying look this is
 not just about pricing only, this is about access.
 So how do we build this capacity?
 I think there's real global pressure to manufacture in Africa, for Africa, and I think that we
 We are on the right side of where we should be and need to be in terms of having capacities,
 But mostly, you need the capabilities and that is what has been demonstrated here.
 This is not something you can afford to make a mistake with.
 In terms of the progress, of course we've got the one leg of our business which sits
 in South Africa, the big sterile plant, and another big part of it, too, also sits in
 France.
 Yeah, we told you at the interim presentation we had available capacity of 200 million doses
 because although we're closer to 400 million in total, some of it goes to viathris.
 after she purchased a macro by EU from Bosu's business.
 And we've also got internal volumes, you know,
 projects that go to China and Russia and all of those other markets.
 So this is, but it's a very high value and manufacturing process and we've made significant
 progress.
 demand significant demand for sterile manufacture at every level including in
 We've got creeple, syringes, blokele, seal, polybagged, and we've managed to use science
 since we last spoke with these five lines,
 So we'd need a signature with CMO contracts
 three multi-nationals, also vaccines, vaccine-related products, and we've got volume commitments
 of about 18 million doses already there, and those volumes will come on during calendar
 under your 2022 and 2023.
 Gus told you we've had some delay in the blowful seal line and that's ironically not due to the fact that people
 are in lockdown and they couldn't see each other, but that they were in lockdown.
 So many of our suppliers have backlogged and they're trying to catch up with and so we expected delay of about six months in that area.
 But I think the take-out here is pretty good to get this far this quickly.
 within less than six months since we've lost spoken and it gives you a sense of comfort
 about what might happen with the rest of the capacity there.
 We're going to go now into what I talked to you earlier about the closing the loop and
 and then what we've quick summary of what we've done and then hopefully some
 some insight into prospects. So a couple of years back I put this presentation up
 up in which I discussed the Espen model and I said, who is our model, you know, we both
 portfolios, we try maximise which is out of those portfolios, we reshape them, we generate
 cash flows and we realise proceeds on the sale of those assets and then we have available
 capital.
 And I think we did all of this with no equity.
 So it would be completely self-unit.
 I maybe lost the audience a couple of years ago and I don't know, I think everyone is
 looking at different metrics and I think we're waiting to see, could ESPN actually deliver
 on such an ambitious model, given where the debt, where this would take the debt to.
 And so let's just have a quick summary of what we did.
 We acquired significant steroid acids from anaesthetics and thrombosis, and we put a
 substantial investments into buying large portfolios.
 I also told you at the time for those that may remember that please don't look at the
 products we buy.
 It looks like having the furniture in the home.
 What those products managed to achieve for us is an ability to build a platform.
 a manufacturing platform and base that would create all the opportunities going forward.
 So that is those words in this slide have been relatively prophetic now, I hope, because
 we've got an extended portfolio of branded products and they've given us a
 geographical footprint, where we've got critical mass across the emerging markets.
 And that's been very important for us and you'll see also later why Libre Gene both
 with the manufacturing and the distribution footprint
 of where the opportunities lie for us been going forward.
 We've got brilliant API capabilities.
 We've spoken about those in the past and you've built on them and each year you've seen that
 that improvement on me.
 And then we, and then we got wasted.
 be divested from geographies and therapeutic areas.
 And really, in a couple of areas, we either didn't have the capabilities or we thought
 we were too stretched and then also the many areas where others saw more value than Aspen could have
 stand alone and so there was value for both parties and that is what we did and
 Let's see what they're trying to relate it to.
 So, the best way to look at this in bare months of the year is to look at this in bare months
 So there's been no funding, no archnotes, no equity funding.
 If I go back to 2013, which was the period before we started this process of the acquisitions
 building. We started with a business with net borrowings of about 11 billion and
 and those have grown to about 16 billion,
 so a relatively small increase in debt.
 What have we achieved?
 The revenues have nearly doubled and the EBITDA has gone up by 68%.
 More importantly, I think, so numbers, you know, there's no equity in there, it's a simple thing to look at and see.
 But what have we really done here that's really important to us is we've got a reshaped commercial footprint.
 You've got clear organic growth drivers which you've seen and you continue to see through
 this portfolio. We've also, through this whole process, managed to take a business
 that was generic focus, commodity focus, under-pricing pressure to one which had trusted
 with resilient margins.
 We had a patchy representation across 19 countries and we've now taken this to a global business.
 And we've become a lead, we've got, we are leading,
 we've got leading global sterile assets.
 And those are all big achievements in a commercial footprint
 and a good platform to which to work.
 Of course, we have a fantastic ATR platform that we never had, but I think if you actually
 Analyze and look what we've really achieved here is we've got a world-class
 They're all manufacturing platform.
 And, you know, once again, I don't want to say we've said it before, but we have.
 So that's it.
 as than we are industrialists.
 And we've shown you so many times how many effects have been
 initiator of broader opportunities and it will continue to be the initiator of
 opportunities. And maybe that is probably the least understood, well understood part
 of what Espen does and does particularly well.
 We've got diverse capabilities.
 We can make lawful products vows.
 and fuels, blow-full seal, eye drops, poly bags,
 People syringes.
 And we've managed to create that on top of all of that.
 We also have ability to manufacture vaccines, which is something that you would obviously
 come to the fore in these results. It's really, we were only able to create this fantastic
 footprint with massive economies of scale because we were underpinned by those sterile
 assets. We always had an underpin for volume and utilization of cash with the sterile assets
 that he acquired.
 that was a critical part of what we achieved. Yes, it was a stretch but you know it was important
 Because without that, we wouldn't be here today.
 So we do think the sterile capacities will become a material
 contributed to the group I think for two or four years ago I put on a slide that
 We hope this would either become the largest contributor to the group, and we still hope so.
 And I think if anything, this has been the cornerstone of their current strategy and delivery on what we had,
 And yet the vision that we had, you know, five, five years back.
 So let's just have a quick summary of what we looked at in this year.
 We produce for J&J a COVID vaccine from Africa, and it's for Afro-Tan, the globe.
 The manufacturer has really delivered strong growth.
 It's been very resilient.
 We kept our doors open.
 the worst substantial cost in being able to achieve that,
 And it was boosted by the vaccine manufacturing revenue.
 And I think one key area is we've emerged
 as a very globally relevant vaccine manufacturer.
 Every platform with its WHO, WTO, any global platform, any global initiative has been always
 always a keynote speaker in all of those.
 And our African propacity is definitely proving a huge
 strategic advantage with fantastic complementary capabilities
 in db.
 We we delivering on organic growth targets. We've reshaped our commercial farmer. We've sold it organic revenue growth
 Covid impact relatively neutral to revenue performance.
 You know, one was a little up and one's a little down, we think, you know,
 the stairwells might be a little bit regional, a little bit dark.
 And the rollout of our commercial platform
 certainly offering opportunities people often say well look if we use this
 manufacture can we use your front-end forces in these countries because there's a free
 Our focus in emerging markets is often a very strength to us because many others don't have
 a dedicated focus in that area.
 We've spoken.
 We've spoken about a bit about the exchange rate that has impacted, it's impacted positively
 a couple of percentage points, hopefully, on the revenue line.
 The date has reduced significantly.
 the net really out of the strong operating test conversion.
 really an unbelievable performance from our team there.
 and even surpassed our internal targets because, as Ghassid mentioned, we started with what
 is a low data balance.
 And if you have a look at Aston, you know, that has always been probably why we've never
 really wanted to issue equity in the period is that in all the years that we've been standing
 up and got 46 appearances, that was quite a shocker, but in all those appearances the
 So one thing that's been almost consistent every single year has been delivery on cash
 operating cash conversion.
 A working capital being well managed and this obviously when your debt comes down your finances come down and will continue to come down in the period ahead.
 Co-predictivity?
 Well, you know
 We've definitely got headroom and we continue to review output value.
 We always will, regardless of date balances, and we've really looked at what our strategic
 Sometimes in life you've just got to stay focused, you've got to make up too much noise.
 But are objectives really or the strategic bits?
 in the next video.
 Thanks for watching.
 and how we leverage these assets we've built over these platforms that we've created both in
 and distribution, which I'm talking about moving,
 I'm talking about commercial people in field and manufacturing.
 If we have to look at one area, South Africa continues to actively refine its portfolio.
 We've done two recent disposals and we expect further transactions in the South African environment.
 What are our strategic considerations?
 But we will always be financially disciplined.
 What is making...
 it's interesting and it's a real positive, I suppose, is our growth for people who are
 the bonding.
 And let's
 because we've got, we've got and we've focused
 for a strong base organic growth going forward.
 So something has to be really accretive and really value adding just to try and match
 the growth rate that we see within our base purchases.
 We look at some of the prospects.
 The commercial farmer we expect to sustain growth, we see as I've told you, the growth
 Let's try this one.
 the inverse of last year.
 We've got strong growth in regional brands.
 anticipated and that's just the rebound we've seen in H2 in both Australia and South Africa
 and hopefully coming through for the full year of this year.
 the sterile brands will be more modest.
 We do expect China to grow, but it could be impacted by volume-based procurement.
 based procurement is very hard to assist. Sometimes there are people that have grown
 brands, even large octa-body base procurement. But it was something that wasn't a reality in the
 the sterile space historically, but it looks like it could increasingly encroach into
 to spare our business as well.
 The unwinding of the COVID lockdowns, I think it will have a positive impact on manufacturing costs.
 we've learned how to work better, we've learned how to work more efficiently even within COVID,
 and it will improve EBITDA emotions but also particularly in the APR business it will also
 same quick turnovers and we think it will be relatively neutral on our commercial
 the cells. If we look at our guinea
 path line. We've got a good path line to sustain and enhance our commercial
 farmer growth, we're looking at a broader pipeline rollout into China and we're looking at those
 brands with limited risk of facing volume based procurement.
 I'm happy to say we're launching two products in this year, one is and you'll get a sense
 from the products we're dealing with here, there's a slight difference in the type of
 The nature of the product, we've got a Vestin and Emla, these are both creams, one to the
 anaesthetic cream, one of women's health products,
 a cream, a hormonal cream.
 and we've identified and we've gone through our book.
 You've got to see it.
 That's a regular standard.
 What extra taste would need?
 We'll get past the registration in China etc.
 There's quite a long assessment that one needs to achieve here, but more than 10 products
 have been identified, more have been identified for registration, expect more on top of that.
 The idea really is to de-risk the business.
 I mean, China is a great market.
 It's a great market for answering.
 and it's got lots of people, many, many people and they got growing influence
 So it's a market you can't afford not to be in.
 It has risks, but it's a market you can't afford not to be in.
 And our strategy is to create a strong path line of birth
 base part of the product, carefully selected so that we have sustainable brands in that
 area.
 some of them will include retail brands, something like Emlet can be sold at hospitals and the
 it can also be sold in retail.
 We had to put our all-around product on hold during COVID,
 which you couldn't, it was unethical to do these tests during COVID on all the
 And we're looking to re-initiate those studies now together with a partner.
 partner. We'd like to find a partner to work with us to re-initiate those studies.
 The conjugated estrogens in the U.S. we are waiting feedback from the FDA on the buy
 by equivalents and that's expected in the first quarter of calendar year 2022.
 Anesthetic savings, Gus mentioned, button order is low,
 at our German facility in South Africa on track to start delivering with a delay out
 of NDB of six months. I mean, if you want to put a number on it, it's plus minus a hundred
 million range that would keep us around about this.
 If we look at the prospects, continue with the prospects here, the exchange rate will
 impact results and probably you've got to start thinking about vaccines becoming a bigger
 part of our income and vaccines are sold in hot currency.
 So that makes up.
 that will also impact how we look at exchange.
 In fact, I think if I look at our South African business with the vaccines forecast for next
 Thank you.
 We like it to be hot currency positive, even within our South African business, which
 from importing products, APIs, etc. from our local business, so it's likely to be a hot
 currency-positive, even our South African business facility.
 So I've actually rolled out which pick to go in the mention.
 You've got about four months' sales, and there it was over $400 million.
 We should, you know, if you annualize that, we should do that and some more, just having
 a more steady supply of drug substance.
 What a business as usual basis for financial 22, we can't make assumptions, you know,
 Who knows where COVID might take us, who knows what license incomes might come in and how our space around the, you know, delivering vaccines might change.
 that we are forecasting on a business as usual based on how single-digit revenue growth and
 And even as Gus mentioned, even stronger EBITDA dog growth, and we expect that one through
 more output than a manufacturer, but also less COVID related cost. I mean, that's been quite
 a big cost particularly manufacturing division and of course we expect even stronger in-haves
 That's great.
 because it will decrease strongly.
 this year will continue because a lot of the payments we received we got to the end towards
 benefits we got towards the end of the last financial year.
 There's always potential impact from corporate activity within Aspen. I don't have to say that to you guys. You've been watching us for a while
 but we've told you how hard some of those barriers might be. And really I think we
 We really want to work really hard to achieve access to a license from JANJ for Africa.
 We think it will be a massive catch of this.
 It's transformative on every matrix.
 I think there's not an African country or an African leader that is incredibly supportive.
 Even world leaders, global leaders, who are so supportive of achieving this, it is really
 I think this would be a game-changer for African control over access to know that who you're
 sending to.
 Hi.
 Why are you selling?
 product and having control over the whole process is something that would be transformative
 for access to Africa.
 And I think that together with everything else that's rolling up now has been a significant
 endorsement of the strategic vision we had five or six years ago and shared with you.
 And I think if anything other than this presentation, I hope there's two things about us we haven't
 arrested or rusted, although we have many thoughts we might have, but we're in a really
 great position to deliver extra on this great platform that we have built both
 with manufacturing and distribution levels.
 Thank you. Thank you all for your attendance. I think we're going to go to Q&A now.
 That's right.
 Hi everyone, so we have two questions that we're going to take this morning.
 The first one is from Jonathan DeToit at Oyster Catcher and Basin's Properly For Guests.
 Does the HPC ever net income come back in future years or is it permanently gone?
 Thanks, Jonathan.
 HPC milestones have reached their term now, so there will be no further milestones in
 And then we've got a question from Victoria Lambert from Bank of America.
 What percentage of rent of debt is rent-nominated versus foreign effects?
 Victoria, this is a target which is going to get a move as we apply proceeds of various
 But at the moment, you can probably start with about 30% of debt being grand denominated,
 but that may well decline during the course of the year,
 depending on what we do with cash inflows we do.
 try and seek the right balance of currency debt to our earnings and the other factors
 to be taken into consideration as well.
 All right.
 We'll take further questions in meetings throughout the day,
 if those are all for now.
 Thank you.
 Thank you everyone. It's been a great pleasure dealing with the investment community over a number of years.
 I don't think there are many of you that are around today that were there when I kicked
 But it has been great dealing with you and of course I'll also deal with you during the
 benefits this year, but thank you all for the interactions over that period of time.
 Thank you very much for your time.