 Good morning everyone and welcome to Aspen's results presentation for the year ended 30 June 2021.
 Thanks so much for joining us.
 I'm going to begin the presentation.
 Please take note of the disclaimer and the disclosure notes at the beginning of the presentation.
 But now let's move to the presentation in detail and I'm going to kick off with the financial review.
 you look at the financial highlights from continuing operation for the year
 it's been a really good year for Aspen we've had solid double-digit organic
 growth in our revenue that's been backed up by really sound growth and earnings
 a sharp downtrend in our debt to very much lower leverage levels,
 The reinstatement of our dividend at 262 cents a share.
 and all in all
 really satisfying year because we have delivered on the strategy we set for
 ourselves and communicate with the market and it has been a year that we've
 achieved much a lot of which is reflected in these results and a lot of
 other really positive things which have happened behind the scenes and will
 influence future results as well. I'm going to now in the next few minutes
 unpack these highlights into more detail. Let's start off with the segmental
 revenue. Our regional brands were up 3% in reported terms, 2% in constant
 exchange rate. So we've got two levels of exchange rate we're working with here.
 Yeah, one minute.
 Year-on-year, actually, as reported, and one converts last year's exchange rate to the same exchange rates that prevailed during the current year, which is a more comparative basis.
 so I'm going to stay with the constant exchange rates
 and discussing these outcomes.
 So the regional brand, really resilient performance.
 We had some headwinds here from the mandated cut in the EU.
 EU mandated cut in oncology prices and also as a consequence of COVID where some of our products
 weren't in demand due to the COVID circumstances in the market.
 The sterile focus brands had an excellent year, 9% growth in constant exchange rate and Converse from the regional brands, they did benefit to an extent from COVID-related demand.
 But the underlying performance was nonetheless very, very sound.
 And then the biggest growth came from manufacturing, which was up 29%.
 There is a sub-story here, which I'm going to unpack now.
 A large amount of that growth was driven by sales to counterparties of recently completed
 disposals. In fact the European thrombosis disposal and the Japanese
 business disposal you have previously.
 Now those sales were the biggest driver of the growth.
 If you take them out, that 29% constant exchange rate was 7% constant exchange rate growth.
 However, just for noting as we move forward in the presentation, those sales are low to no margin, so it has an impact on our margin performance as well.
 Also notable under manufacturing was the commencement of the COVID vaccine
 sales in the second half of the year. So moving on to those gross profit
 percentages. If we look at regional brands on our
 half-by-half basis over the last two years.
 First half of this year, we had some nice gains
 from costs of goods savings but those were diluted with those EU mandated oncology price
 cuts in the second half. The sterile focus brands followed the trend of the
 a lot.
 halves with a lower mix influencing a lower margin than we achieved in the
 first half of 2020. Manufacturing was affected by those transaction-related
 sales that are referred to. What we've done here is put some shading on the
 on the chart to show the effect on the margin so with the shading you have the
 margin that would have been calculated excluding those sales so obviously higher
 margins
 excluding those sales and also weighing on the manufacturing margin was the
 high production costs of operating under COVID circumstances where
 It has been a very strong objective of ours to keep our manufacturing sites running continuously through the pandemic, but that has come at additional cost.
 All of those factors obviously have influenced the group margin, but there's another element to just bear in mind.
 As you saw on the revenue slide,
 manufacturing has become a bigger part
 of the overall revenue relative to commercial pharma than it used to be
 And as a consequence of the lower margins in manufacturing, that is also diluted the group margins a little.
 This is quite well illustrated in quantum terms on the gross profit bridge.
 There's not a lot of FX noise at the gross profit line.
 You can see the 1% effect of the lowest sterile focus brands margin in the current year
 and then the better regional brands margin, rectifying some of that.
 The 0.9% step-down in manufacturing is really around those higher COVID costs.
 And then the 1.6% is the effect of those transaction related supplies.
 and then the final point that I made about the mix moving towards
 manufacturing that is is the minus 0.7 that's how we we bridge our gross
 profit percent moving on to the normalized EBITDA line this is quite a
 a busy table, but let me
 pick out a couple of points for you firstly operating expenses very well
 control during the year came in at twenty four point two percent of revenue
 as opposed to 26.4% a year earlier.
 only 1% higher
 in constant exchange rate terms
 and 10% more of revenue
 and the targeted initiatives that commenced in FY 2021
 will continue into FY 2022. We aim to continue to keep those expenses well
 controlled. Also, I point out to you the 45% decline in net operating income. That's really
 heavily influenced by the item on the next line of detail which is HPC. HPC
 a product which is distributed on our behalf in the United States and we have
 received over the past few periods a series of milestones from the
 distributor the last of which was in in financial year 2021 so there's no repeat
 to that milestone and and just from a comparability point of view that is also
 are affected margins.
 If you exclude other operating income from this calculation,
 the EBITDA growth would have been 6% in reported terms
 and 3% in constant exchange rate. Then the normalized EVA-DAR 26.3%
 outcome is consistent with December 2020 investor presentation we did with the
 proforma base case there
 of 25.8 percent and then just moving forward we do expect the trend in the
 EBITDA margin tend to to turn and to start improving in the year ahead.
 drivers in the next year and years thereafter of EBITDA margin percentage
 upside are, amongst others, continued type control and implementation of
 particular initiatives about containing operating expenses. We have the
 Anesthetics production starting to come in-house,
 And we expect increased commercial farm at GP as a consequence of that.
 and that really kicks in strongly in a couple of years' time.
 There will be an incremental contribution from new customers in our sterile capacity that's available.
 So as new customers come in, the incremental benefits will add to margin there.
 and in the production
 sites, we have ongoing programs
 running driving efficiency and production method which we expect to be already
 showing benefits in FY2022.
 Currency is potentially quite an important
 and always a complex matter as far as Aspen's concerned
 because we trade in many, many currencies across the globe,
 trading in more than 50
 In more than 150 countries, effectively, that's where our goods are supplied to.
 so many currencies involved
 and the variability one to another can have substantial effect.
 In past presentations I've tended to to try and map the way through those currencies with that
 with a range of comparisons of different exchange rates.
 This time around, I've decided to have a look at key elements of our 2021 income statement
 and convert those to an outcome at the 27th of August,
 So last Friday at those rates and see what happens.
 So, we take our first half results, revenue, normalized EBITDA, and normalized headline
 earning first share would all have been less than reported if we take the
 second-half results revenue would have been slightly down and the other two
 metrics would have been higher for the second half of last financial year the
 reported financial year 2021 and if you combine those all at 27 August 2021
 results, reported results, would have been
 less than we actually reported.
 So you can see our exchange rate variability really does affect outcomes a lot.
 And for those of you who are looking to forecast Aspen's results,
 you need to keep a very careful eye on exchange rates.
 Not only are you dealing with current variability, but the variability in your starting position
 with each period having a different set of rates that apply to it.
 Moving further down the income statement, let's have a look at how we bridge
 to normalise headline earnings per share.
 so we had an uplift this year
 an Fx moving from the left to the right, an uplift in Fx which gives us our constant exchange
 great outcome.
 the EBITDA, made a nice contribution to to the bottom line but you can see that
 the HPC effect was offsetting on that and small items on depreciation amortization
 and then really good leverage out of lower finance costs off of a lower level of debt
 and then some tax effects as well.
 bringing us out of the 7% increase in constant exchange rate in herpes, 10% as reported.
 Moving to operating cash flow is really the possibly the most important part of
 the performance of the business is the cash it generates and very interesting
 Graphs that we we displaying here
 the blue zigzag line is our operating cash flow conversion rate measured at
 each half year end. So operating cash flow conversion, the operating cash flow
 generated over our headline earnings per share coming out of a percent and our
 target is to get a hundred percent of the earnings converted to cash which is
 that dotted red line.
 The green line is the moving 12-month average, so it's averaging the two consecutive halves as you move across.
 As you can see, there's a very defined cycle.
 in half one our our conversion rate is generally or almost always less than 100
 and a half to always better than 100.
 And that's, there's some structural influences around contracted payments, which influence that and will continue to influence it.
 the outcome this year
 and then
 H2 in particular was outstanding. In the year as a whole we expected to have some
 some real consequences
 which we did encounter from that uncommonly low debt of balance at the end of last year,
 which those of you who follow Admin on a regular basis would be aware of.
 Those balances were suppressed by an early buy-in under COVID conditions in the 2020 financial year and consequently low debtors at the end of the year, releasing less cash than normal into the system during FY 2021.
 But despite that, the year-end working capital revenue percent is at its lowest point since we transitioned to be a global multinational.
 So Working Capital has released cash to the cash flow for the second success of the year,
 which is a really gratifying achievement and the ultimate outcome of that in a conversion rate,
 the 134% conversion rate.
 So you can see substantially above our 100% target.
 and to the year ahead
 the excellent cash flows this year will will put pressure on on further
 improvement in the year ahead, as will a few one-off creditor payments of about
 620 million rand at year-end rates which which will which will cause outflows but
 But nonetheless, we do continue to target and aim at that 100% conversion rate and please
 expect that H1 H2 cycle to continue so the half-year results expect the
 conversion rate to the other 100%.
 having a look at capital expenditure this is a big investment area for the
 business building our property plant and equipment has been a strategic focus
 for us over the last few years and we've been a big investor in our manufacturing
 site and I believe Stephen
 will very adequately
 to be
 um give you evidence of why that strategic investment has been so
 important and what value it's going to bring in his part of the presentation.
 In FY 2021, we fell about 400 million rand short
 million range short of the target that's been for the year there was some delays
 and difficulties in moving ahead with our big projects under COVID conditions
 And so that spend has carried over into future years.
 So we're projecting a $2 billion spend for this year and then a lower spend next year.
 of those anesthetic in-house strategic project the first of the products have
 already begun commercial production both in South Africa and in Germany France
 commercial production should start in 2023 we are considering some
 opportunities around
 increased vaccine demand
 and dealing with opportunities in the vaccine space.
 and there is some
 new capital expenditure riches
 under assessment which is related to that and Stephen will talk more about that as
 well in the presentation. Also part of CAPEX is the IP side of CAPEX and this
 is our in-house product development and also effectively IT software we're
 spending a lot on IT software as we digitalize the business at the moment
 Also, that program was delayed a bit through COVID,
 and so we came up
 200 million short of our target
 Again, they're carryovers into the new financial year.
 And we expect a spend of about a billion rand this year, most of which relates to IT or digitalization projects.
 The borrowing slide, a lot of information on the slide, all of it good news, I'm glad to say.
 So if we start with the top left hand corner you can see over the past 12
 months how our debt has declined. If you look at the third bar of that top
 graph you'll see that at year-end we are reporting all of our debt at current
 That is because at the 30th of June 2021, all of our debt was due within the next 12 months.
 But since that period, we have undertaken an extension of maturity dates
 on our existing commercial term debt facilities and those have been
 successfully extended to the 30th of June 2023 and then we have also
 secured a financing package which was arranged by the International Finance
 corporation 600 million euros of debt there on a seven-year amortizing loan
 Repayment only begins in 2024. It secures terms which are consistent with our
 pre-existing term debt facilities for a lengthy period of time at attractive
 rate and is the first step of the longer-term debt maturity rearrangement
 which we're undertaking. The bottom left-hand corner of the slide shows how
 our bank and covenant measure has declined over the past few reporting periods.
 Now it sits at 1.74, so lots of headroom to the Bank of the Covenant.
 And we're actually sitting just at halfway to full utilization of that covenant.
 And in the top right-hand corner, you can see consistent with that declined hearing, increasing interest cover ratio, and some effective interest rate information for your benefit.
 in the investor
 presentation we undertook in December 2020 we made a commitment to investors
 regarding a capital allocation model and prioritization and our capital allocation
 fits under a prerequisite
 it an internal leverage cap of three times, so less than the 3.5 times imposed upon us
 by our bankers. So first priority for us because of the importance in business
 sustainability and efficiency
 is the PPE and IP CapEx and we invested $2.7 billion on those during the course
 of the last year. Next is an intrinsic part of our business model which is
 bolt-on acquisitions of RP and businesses our business model involves
 consistent review and renewal review and renewal and and that means disposing and
 and acquiring of what we refer to as bolt-on acquisitions.
 We have a definition of value there.
 under under these transactions we had a net 735 million rand outflow. Next
 priority is dividends which we guided we would be reinstating and we're very
 pleased to be confirming that those dividends are now resumed.
 our undertaking is where dividends meet our criteria of that leverage cap we
 will pay greater than or equal to 20% of in-heads. We've kicked off at 20% of
 in hits and 1.2 billion Rand will be paid to shareholders at the end of this
 month and finally larger acquisitions and disposals the fourth in the line of
 priorities and these are M&A transactions that are value accretive and and
 And sometimes, depending on strategic direction and shift,
 may be strategic disposals
 and we have had some large strategic disposals during the year,
 most notably the European thrombosis business,
 And the net proceeds of those disposals is just about 13 billion rand.
 So, a really clear picture, I hope, for all of you of the capital allocation.
 And I'll...
 our commitment to our model here.
 I'm almost at the end of my section now.
 It is the 46th time that I've stood in front of investors to present results for Aspen, and it will be my last.
 I'd like to introduce to you the man that will step into the shoes of Group 2
 financial officer, Mr. Sean Capasario. He will commence the role from the 1st of
 January. Sean has been with Aspen longer than Aspen exists almost because he was
 in a in a company that we acquired in 1999 it's a druggist and he is really
 He performed at the top of his game every day of his service since then.
 He was made very early in that time frame the financial director of Aspen South African
 business, which at that
 time was the dominant part of Aspen and he served with distinction in that role
 between 1999 and 2004.
 We then persuaded him to join us in the corporate office.
 We had a title of Group Business Analyst, really assisting us with the early stages of our internationalization.
 And that role spanned 2004 to 2009.
 He was then ultimately appointed group finance officer in 2009 and serves in that post till today.
 he has been my right hand over that entire period on all matters financial
 he has been incredibly
 strong support and
 has had a lot to do with the strength of of Aspen's financial performance over
 that period. Sean brings enormous corporate knowledge and very high
 technical skills as well as a well-developed business acumen to the
 position.
 by every confidence
 that he will continue to take Aspen's financial custody from strength to
 stream so I'd like to all of you to welcome Shawn and as I sign off I'm
 I'm going to just give Sean a few minutes to greet you
 before we move on with the presentation. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Gus, for that introduction.
 It really has been an exciting journey working in the Aspen family for so many years and
 and growing with it
 and seeing how it's globalized over the many years.
 it's really a pleasure to meet all of you
 and hopefully in the future
 I can meet with you face to face
 and really build a strong relationship going forward.
 I look forward to working with the
 the Aspen Group Executive, and the Aspen Team, and the Aspen Board, and together with all
 of Aspen stakeholders in Aspen's next exciting chapter
 of positive evolution
 in providing accessible, affordable and quality medicine to all
 and enhancing and saving patient lives, which is really the DNA of Aspen.
 So really good to meet all of you and look forward to working with all of you going forward.
 And on that note, I'm going to hand over to Stephen Saad to take us through the operational performance.
 Good morning everyone and happy to be presenting again.
 I'm happy if I were seeing you all in person
 Welcome, Sean.
 It's going to be lovely to have you here.
 And, you know, there's a common trend that I've noticed in Aspen while I was watching
 that our financial directors start with here
 and they go bored
 and I hope that I'm not responsible for what I'm seeing here.
 But for Gus, for those of you that, Gus, it's been a real honor, and for all of you that know so well, it's been a real honor to work with Gus.
 The big positive for me is that Gus stays with me.
 he stays with Espen
 The only difference is he's not going to be sitting around the board table
 and he's going to probably be sitting on the other side of the table during presentations.
 But all in all, it's happy to see how we've grown our own timber within Aspen,
 and the talent we've got within, and a pleasure to have our Binance in such strong hands for so long,
 And that's where it will stay.
 Um,
 Maybe just a quick comment or just summary.
 lots of numbers with Gus
 But I think the clear, what for me is clear when I look at the year that we've had,
 Of course it's been a positive year, but it's not just a year in isolation, it's been a period.
 and
 This year does close the loop in many areas, and I will cover this discussion about what I mean about closing the loop a little bit later.
 But for me, there's two things that stand out.
 That we've got a reshape portfolio that's given us good organic growth, strong organic
 grow something that we've been trying very hard to get a portfolio that we know we can
 sustain and grow, and you'll see every section within the business grows.
 and obviously
 the obvious as we
 we decrease that date by just under 20 billion,
 I think it's 19-odd billion rand of debt without nearly a similar reduction in EBIT or EBITDA.
 So for us, those are the two things that, for me, if I had to get a one-line summary,
 that's where I'd be looking and saying
 This is why it's such a positive year.
 But I don't think this year's results about this year for me,
 and I'm hoping that
 when I talk to you today
 you'll see it's a platform that we have
 blade
 that gives us future growth and the future opportunities.
 and clearly
 I think if we deliver on what we hope
 the best is really yet to come.
 You know, in life, it's a sport, no pain, no gain, no risk, no reward.
 If ever we thought or anyone thought that you could build a global manufacturing, global distribution,
 of global commercial platforms in pharmaceuticals,
 And it was going to be easy.
 well then you misguided
 We never assumed that, but I will say this much, we have done it.
 And what we have done will be a catalyst for our future growth opportunities.
 So it's been a really busy period within Aspen.
 and just in case
 those of you that thought
 that maybe
 for the last period
 We've been resting or resting in our spare time.
 we have managed
 with incredible pride
 have managed
 to deliver the first COVID vaccine
 out of everything
 so let's go on
 of the presentation is going to the words
 here, we've got, I'd like to start with what, Sean almost finished and where we start, you
 Now, Aspen is all about access.
 it's been a core focus for us
 is how we get
 equitable access to quality affordable
 needs.
 And we really
 He had a proud record of delivery.
 I think it's well known what we've done around ARVs, TB, dexamethasone,
 And the huge volumes of anesthetics that were called on us during COVID.
 And then we've now produced the vaccine for J&J.
 And that goes with distribution to Africa and the world.
 And it has been core to addressing inequitable access to vaccines.
 It's the only COVID vaccine manufactured in Africa with the commitment for the majority
 of doses to be delivered to Africa
 and my understanding is post-October all doses will be delivered to Africa.
 Probably the most exciting news is having to display these competencies.
 We've got a real potential now to accelerate African access.
 J&J working with ourselves or working to further collaborate with us
 to work on how we can increase COVID vaccine 19 production.
 and I'll take you through some later slides
 about how their production might be enhanced.
 and
 and one of the areas that we are talking about
 and there's complexity here so there's a bit of work to be done
 but we committed
 to work together to include
 in valuation of a license to really manufacture, market, and sell a vaccine for Africa.
 and you're successful with that license.
 Espen will have been not any
 manufacturing, we could also have our own brand, we would sell directly to the individual
 customers.
 and of course
 aspen being aspen is licensed
 is for Africa, 100% of the
 production from the vaccine
 will come.
 We'll go to Africa.
 It really is a responsibility to take on these benches.
 I can't tell you how many sleepless nights so many, many people across Aspen have had to get to this position of delivery.
 And we are grateful that the opportunity that J&J afforded us
 and the fact that they have
 back in communication with a much broader initiative to even expand this relationship
 through this.
 I also have got to pay tribute to the Aspen Teens.
 They were not the first of the nine manufacturers in the J&J network.
 we have many of the europeans and american manufacturers coming first but they certainly
 you come out the blocks are the best.
 And they'd be the best performance globally.
 and when there's a shortage of API, Aspen got it first
 because of the ability to deliver.
 And through this process, it's been a highly political process
 that we've been exposed to, many global platforms
 that we've had to talk on everywhere.
 and it's been incredible
 the tremendous support
 from the entire African continent and its leaders.
 And I think what's absolutely clear is that Africans are speaking with one voice.
 We never want to be marginalised again.
 If we look at our ESG efforts, of course access to medicines is fundamental to what we do
 and the capacities we've put into James.
 I'm going to just give you some inserts here on the J&J vaccine.
 We've had no recalls, and we've been pretty reliable with supply in a very challenging
 circumstances
 So the volume's been pretty erratic out there.
 we've obviously
 being where we are
 like we've said, our vaccination programs.
 We signed the Women's Empowerment Principles, and we've had zero fertility since 2013.
 As I said, we've had a lot of, there's been a lot of political pressure and political insights into what goes in around COVID.
 And so we've had huge engagements with governments all around the world, NGOs, partners, and
 We're trying to work out COVID responses both in our own country and Africa.
 And I think another highlight for us has been the integrated report.
 We were classed as excellent by the EY, excellent in integrity in integrated reporting awards.
 We've also looked at environment.
 Environment is an important part for us.
 We've spent quite a bit of time looking at electricity and water.
 You know, the Eastern Cape has been suffering in the drought as well,
 and you'll see what under one of the pen to see some details around what we're doing in that area.
 Moving on to the numbers, Gus touched briefly on them.
 And I think from a revenue point of view, pleasing to see the commercial farmer growth
 at six percent in reported and four percent in constant currency and the
 The entire group growing at 12% in reported and 10% in constant currency.
 What does reported in constant currency mean?
 Well, it means that if you look at these results operationally, the way the operations, they
 delivered 10% and the
 the effect of the movement of the exchange rate is what gave us that extra 2%.
 So it separates your operational performance for your exchange rate effect
 there's a difference between reported and constant exchange rate.
 What that tells you is that the RAND has depreciated
 across the broad sort of currencies
 to get that 2% more.
 So what have been our key growth drivers in commercial pharma,
 the emerging markets in commercial pharma,
 and the vaccine production in manufacturing.
 well too hard not those there
 So when we look at commercial farming, this is interesting because it gives you some insight
 into exchange rates.
 Our commercial pharma excluding the EU oncology.
 And I took that out.
 we took it out because
 in our Vista presentations we've given
 guidance outside of the EU
 We have an oncology portfolio.
 Emerging markets grew at 6%.
 Yet actually operationally they grew at 8, which means that the South African range generally
 got stronger against the emerging market currencies and then the next one's
 It's interesting because a lot of developed markets only grew at 1%.
 In reported terms, they actually end up growing
 more than emerging markets.
 Gus is taking you through manufacture
 where when we strip out the
 supply related contracts
 You see a 12% growth in reported earnings and a 7% in constant currency.
 From an Aspen perspective and the guidance we've given,
 And we try to look at our internal measure of organic growth.
 For this, we take out those supply contracts, we take out the oncology, and we come out with an 8% growth in reported and 6% in constant currency.
 for those of you that follow us
 you would have seen in the first half we had a much bigger delta between reported and constant
 exchange rate and
 guaranteed the
 currency volatility and how the range strengthened in the second half relative in the second
 half of Loss Gen.
 that's what closed the gap to this 12 and 10 we see.
 You know, COVID has impacted revenue.
 The regional brands were negatively impacted.
 lots of coughs and colds, antibiotics,
 steroidal products.
 But we have seen some
 improvement in acute medicines which
 positively impacted those in
 H2 relative to H1.
 We've got a mixture positive impact in sterile brands, which I'll take you through a little
 bit more and we've been negatively impacted in manufacture where we've battled one with
 output, and the output we've got has been, has come at a high expense.
 Just think you've had to put people in bigger spaces in lads, people being ill in the facility.
 So it's been a real challenge to keep those doors open,
 but we've managed it
 but it has come
 at a cost.
 not just a cost as an operating cost,
 but also it has impacted output, particularly in our API business.
 So let's look at revenue.
 let's look at the regional brands performance
 and a very pleasing performance here.
 They're pleasing because
 I
 Our key components are here, what we do in South Africa and what we do in Australia,
 Both those businesses came under pressure, having big portfolios of antibiotics and OTCs.
 But the bounce back came in H2 in South Africa, which was down 5% for those that might remember
 after half moved into positive to show the improvement in the second half and Australia
 to jump to 6%.
 and Australia continues to be underpinned by good growth in the OTC business.
 the Americas, Latin America
 has been a real out performer
 for aspirin for many, many years and continues on that trajectory, having grown at another
 9%
 in
 in constant currency.
 The European, what I've done now is I've taken oncology out of this area so that you
 can have a look at Europe European constant currency would have gone from
 minus 18 to minus 5
 And our regional brands would have grown 4% in both reported and constant currency.
 So that's probably quite a nice proxy for growth rate, that last number.
 The sterile focus brand, really another strong performance
 of the strong performance in H1 and I'm just going to give you a little bit of history here because
 those of you that have followed us
 will know that
 there's been
 quite a switch between elective surgery and COVID products
 and they're often different products
 And so different countries, different continents are in different stages of COVID.
 and so we're seeing different impacts everywhere.
 So some territories benefited from elective surgery, but there have been material impacts
 of COVID impacts in this portfolio.
 We're comparing these numbers with last year,
 so I'll just remind you what was last year.
 Last year, China was in a very strict lockdown, and we really battled to perform in China last year.
 of the results with that, but Europe was exceptionally hard, because it was getting
 a massive COVID wave.
 So we've got to look at what this is relative.
 so the big growth here is out of Asia
 and that is China effectively
 and China grew off a low base
 and so it's back
 It is back, the doors were open, electrosurgery back, hospitals open, Asia performed.
 Europe actually was down substantially.
 It doesn't show in these numbers in anesthetics, and the reason it doesn't show in these absolute
 numbers is because we had a strong increase in the Russia's CIS
 thrombosis portfolio in the current year.
 So that was what helped offset some of the negatives in Europe.
 But what you can see generally is a positive performance across all the other regions as well.
 So a really nice performance and strong performance from a sterile business in this year.
 The last area to cover the numbers on around performance review is manufacture.
 and
 But here I would be looking at the finished dose form, which has got massive growth reports
 here, but if we take out
 those supply related contracts you will see it's grown at 29% in reported earnings and
 23% in constant exchange.
 Our chemical business, which is a fantastic business and a real performer, and when I
 look at some things we're really proud of over the last period, it's what we've done
 in this API space but you know we have had as I mentioned earlier problems getting stock
 out at the rate we'd like to get it at and it has come at quite a bit of incremental
 cost.
 The Biochem business.
 business continues to grow but it's also it's a business that has a commodity
 input. Heparin is basically a commodity and the commodity cycle has not plateaued and I'm never
 sure when it is going to plateau and how fast it comes up or down on the e but if there's
 one thing to take out of here. It's really the
 Initiation about COVID vaccine screen,
 a revenue stream
 We did over 400 million Rand here, and that was in spite of having a hiccup in the API
 supplier out of the supplier from the US emergent so a really strong performance
 form into a strong driver of growth.
 I'm going to go now and talk
 And this is when I spoke to you at the beginning.
 I said, look, just let's understand what we've really done here.
 I guess we've produced eight.
 We've got nice numbers, but what have we done to create?
 What have we done differently?
 Have we just bought and sold?
 What have we done?
 So let's start first of all with the J&J vaccine.
 We have partnered with J&J here, they've partnered with us, and we've produced a really effective
 vaccine. I don't have to take you through all the numbers and details and the
 positive is that eight months down the line in testing how these vaccines are
 waning, et cetera.
 J&J continues to be highly effective.
 I think we've seen all the stats, and the stats are up there for you.
 but maybe the more interesting stats I've got you, the anecdotal one,
 one of the CEOs of the private pharma groups in South Africa,
 feedback to ask them to say
 in the in the waves of COVID before giving the J&J vaccine they had 43
 it's amongst the healthcare workers doctors nurses people working in the hospitals so they lost 43
 people.
 subsequent to giving the J&J vaccine to this doctor.
 they haven't had a single mortality so very big local pharmaceutical private hospital group and
 That just really makes all the effort work well.
 It's statistics like that that drive you and keep you to want to keep pushing on
 and testing all sorts of frontiers.
 but a really wonderful feedback to get.
 I think, you know, as we've watched this whole vaccine process unfold,
 you can get quite upset, you can get angry
 but what it has done to aspirin
 has given us an absolute steely resolve to capacitate Africa and to be part of a process
 as we unlock Global Inequality Access Vaccines.
 We've seen nationalism.
 We've seen export restrictions, whether it's little filters that go into making products.
 is just everybody
 grabbed what was theirs and the border
 shut. And those
 people who had capabilities
 and manufacture got first access.
 And as
 Africa is really in a bad position
 because
 Africa had money. They had money to buy vaccines.
 But actually, when you look at the vaccine lens,
 that 99% of all
 African vaccines are important.
 Much came from India and then India of course had its own problems with COVID and they just ceased exporting.
 So, capacitating Africa is an imperative.
 It's an imperative, I believe, a global imperative.
 what does capacitate mean? Do we put more factories in? Yes it's going to need
 putting more factories down.
 We've shown at Aspen that if you've got factories on the ground, you get stock.
 but also we've got to talk about human capital
 and how we build a human capital base.
 unless we do this
 we will never have supplastic.
 And what does Africa have to get?
 At the end of the day, vaccines are a commodity product.
 like this, you know, one person, one vaccine, two vaccines, three vaccines, whatever it is,
 but it starts with one, it starts to multiply, it starts with one.
 And Africa's got 1.3 billion people.
 What Africa is starting to realize in discussions is that in our procurement policies,
 in the way we see our continent, we've got potential to reshape demand.
 and we need to make sure
 that we reshape that demand
 in such a way
 that it's not something
 that's the adjustable pandemics
 Because we don't want to end up with World Cup soccer stadiums.
 We've got these, you know, we've got these very expensive edifices and COVID comes and goes.
 So we need to get volumes outside of pandemics, and we need to have capabilities to be able to make those volumes.
 So let's look at what Aspen's doing and where we are,
 And we look at our vaccine footprint in South Africa.
 And we've got a pretty ambitious goal here.
 We want to get ourselves into a position where we're producing one vaccine for one African.
 So we've got, as you know,
 vile capacity and we got vile capacity and vaccines are made in vile but not all are
 volatile capacity can make vaccines.
 And that is what we're in the process of doing now, is converting some of our viral capacity
 that we haven't got,
 is not available to vaccines
 to be able to make vaccines as well.
 And that's a relatively quick process and will be ready by February of next year.
 or what's that, another five or six months, Tom.
 and that will take our capacities from 300 million doses to 450 million doses.
 And we will have over 700 million doses available by January 2023.
 Now, that is information we shared with you, the 700 million doses at the interim presentation.
 You might say, well, you know, what are you going to do with that 700 million?
 Well, we've got a fairly solid pipeline here to get some pretty good capacity utilization
 on the 700.
 we're pretty comfortable around that
 not just COVID vaccines
 see an expansion of our relationships
 but their boosters, clearly their boosters are going to follow,
 and there are other CMO opportunities.
 So a lot of people are coming to us because our capacity in Africa is proving incredibly
 valuable. We can get
 1.35 billion doses which is nearly a doubling of our capacity of our existing
 footprint and that comes with limited incremental topics why is that because
 Because for those of you that have followed us for 20 years, we tend to build a big house
 and we fill a room
 and then we create the space in case those volumes are demanded.
 I'm pretty sure that those volumes are going to be needed
 because we are in some pretty serious debates
 around the current conversion
 commercial discussions
 around how
 volumes might be still going forward.
 But we really need to push that button.
 And we need certainty around sustainable volumes.
 I think what we are seeing is donor funds, the big buyers are all saying, look, this is not just about pricing only, this is about access.
 So how do we build this capacity?
 And I think there's real global pressure to manufacture in Africa, for Africa, and I think that we're on the right side of where we should be and need to be in terms of having capacities.
 But mostly, you need the capabilities.
 And that is what Aspen has demonstrated here.
 This is not something you can afford to make a mistake with.
 In terms of the progress, of course, we've got the one leg of our business, which sits in South Africa, the big sterile plant, and then another big part of it, too, also sits in France.
 And here we told you at the interim presentation,
 we had available capacity of 200 million doses available
 because although we're closer to 400 million in total,
 Some of it goes to Viatris, who purchased much of our EU thrombosis business, and we've
 you've got internal volumes, you know, products that go to China and Russia and all of those
 other markets.
 But it's a very high-value-add manufacturing process,
 and we've made significant progress.
 is demand, significant demand
 for sterile manufacture at every level
 including in here where we've got people, syringes, local seal, poly bags.
 And we've managed to sign, since we last spoke, at least by advance,
 So we'd need a signature with CMO contracts with three multinationals.
 There are also vaccines or vaccine related products and we've got volume commitments
 of about 18 million doses already there,
 and those volumes
 will come on during calendar year 2022 and 2023.
 3. Gus told you we've had some delay in the blowful seal line and that's ironically not
 due to the fact that people are in lockdown and they couldn't see each other,
 but that they were in lockdown.
 So many of our suppliers have backlogs and they're trying to catch up with and so we
 expected delay of about six months in that area but I think the takeout here
 is pretty good to get this far this quickly within less than six months
 since we've last spoken, and it gives a sense of comfort about what might happen with the
 the rest of the capacity there.
 We're going to go now into what I talked to you earlier about closing the loop and then
 a quick summary of what we've done
 and then hopefully
 some insight into prospects.
 So a couple of years back, I put this presentation up in which I discussed the Aspen model.
 And I said, here's our model.
 You know, we build portfolios, we try to maximize returns out of those portfolios, we reshape them, we generate cash flows, and we realize proceeds on the sale of those assets, and then we have available capital.
 and I think we did all of this
 with no equity.
 So it would be completely self-funded.
 I maybe lost the audience a couple of years ago and I don't know.
 I think everyone is looking at different metrics,
 and I think we're waiting to see, could Aspen actually deliver on such an ambitious model,
 given where the debt
 where this would take the debt to.
 And so let's just have a quick summary of what we did.
 And we acquired significant sterile acids from anaesthetics and thrombosis, and we
 put a substantial investments into buying those portfolios.
 I also told you at the time, for those that may remember,
 that please don't look at the products we buy.
 That's like having the furniture in the home.
 What those products manage to achieve for us is an ability to build a platform, a manufacturing platform and base that would create all the opportunities going forward.
 So those words in this slide have been relatively prophetic now, I hope,
 because we've got an extended portfolio
 of branded products
 and that's given us
 the geographical footprint.
 where we've got critical mass
 across the emerging markets.
 And that's been very important for us, and you'll see also later why,
 leveraging both the manufacturing and the distribution footprint of where the
 opportunities lie for Aspen going forward.
 We've got brilliant API capabilities.
 We've spoken about those in the past and we've built on them and each year you've seen that
 an improvement on this.
 And then we divested.
 We divested from geographies and therapeutic areas.
 and really a couple of areas we either didn't have the capabilities or we felt we were too
 stretch and then also the many areas where others saw more value than Aspen
 could achieve stand-alone, and so there was value for both parties.
 and that is what we did
 And let's see what they're translated to.
 So the best way to look at this, and bear in mind that there's been no funding, no UTS, no equity funding.
 And if I go back to 2013, which was the period before we started this process of the acquisitions and building,
 We started with a business with net borrowings of about $11 billion,
 and those have grown to about $16 billion.
 And so a relatively small increase in debt.
 But what have we achieved?
 The revenues have nearly doubled and the EBITDA has gone up by 68%.
 More importantly, I think, so numbers, you know, there's no debt, there's no equity in there.
 It's a simple, simple thing to look at and see.
 But what have we really done here that's really important to us is we've got a reshaped commercial footprint.
 We've got clear organic growth drivers, which you've seen and you continue to see through this portfolio.
 we've also through this whole process
 managed to take a business that was generic focus, commodity focus, under pricing pressure
 to one which had trusted brands with resilient margins.
 We had Apache representation across 19 countries
 and we've now taken this to a global business.
 we've become a lead we've got we are leading we've got leading global sterile
 asset and that's
 Those are all big achievements in a commercial footprint
 and a good platform to which to work.
 Of course, we have a fantastic API platform that we never had.
 But I think if you actually analyze and look, what we've really achieved here
 is we've got a world-class sterile manufacturing platform.
 And, you know, once again, I don't want to say we've said it before, but we have.
 We say, when I start to ask them, we are industrialists.
 And we've shown you so many times how manufactured has been the initiator of broader opportunities.
 And it will continue to be the initiator of opportunities.
 And maybe that is probably the least understood, well understood part of what Aspen does and does particularly well.
 We've got diverse capabilities.
 we can make
 Life-life products, vials, ampoules, glow-full seal, eye drops, poly bags, pre-filled syringes.
 And we've managed to create that.
 But on top of all of that, we also have ability to manufacture vaccines, which is something
 which obviously come to the fore in these results.
 It's really we were able to create.
 we were only able to create this fantastic footprint
 with massive economies of scale
 because we were underpinned by those sterile assets.
 We always had an underpin for volume and utilization of casper's, the sterile acids that we acquired.
 That was a critical part of what we achieved.
 Yes, it was a stretch, but, you know, it was important because without that, we wouldn't be here today.
 So we do think the stereo capacities will become a material contributor to the group.
 I think two or four years ago, I put it on a slide that week.
 We hope this would become the largest contributor to the group, and we still hope so.
 And I think, if anything, this has been the cornerstone of their current strategy and delivery on the vision that we had five or so years back.
 So let's just have a quick summary of what we've looked at in this year.
 We've produced for J&J a COVID vaccine from Africa, and it's for Africa and the globe.
 The manufacturer has really delivered strong growth.
 It's been very resilient.
 and who kept our doors open,
 there were substantial costs
 and being able to achieve that, and it was
 boosted by the vaccine manufacturing revenue.
 And I think one key area is we've emerged as a very globally relevant vaccine manufacturer.
 Every platform, whether it's WHO, WTO, any global platform,
 or any global initiatives, aspen or oil, a keynote speaker, and all of those, and our
 African capacity is definitely proving a huge strategic advantage, with the
 African capacity.
 complementary capabilities at NDB. We're delivering on organic growth targets, we've reshaped our
 commercial farmer with solid organic revenue growth. COVID's impact relatively
 neutral to revenue performance
 You know, one was a little up and one's a little down, we think.
 and I stare off, it might be a little bit regional, a little bit done.
 And the rollout of our commercial platform is certainly offering opportunities.
 people are often saying well look if we use this manufacture can we use your
 front end forces in these countries because it's a free our focus in
 emerging markets is often a very
 is a strength to us
 because many others don't have a dedicated focus in that area.
 we've spoken
 We've spoken quite a bit about the exchange rate that has impacted.
 It's impacted positively a couple of percentage points, certainly on the revenue line.
 The debt has reduced significantly, and that's really out of a strong operating cash conversion.
 really an unbelievable performance from our teams there
 and even surpassed our internal targets
 because, as Gus had mentioned, we'd started with what we thought was a low data balance.
 and if you have a look at Aspen
 that has always been
 probably why we've never really wanted to issue equity in the period,
 is that in all the years that we've been standing up,
 and Gus did 46 appearances.
 that was quite a shocker
 in all those appearances
 is the one thing that's been almost
 consistent every single year
 has been delivery on cash or breaking cash conversion.
 Our working capital has been well managed and there's obviously, when your debt comes down, your finances come down and will continue to come down in the period ahead.
 Corporate activity, well you know the we've definitely got Headroom and we
 continue to review our portfolio, we always
 will, regardless of gate
 balances, and we've really looked at what our
 strategic objectives.
 Sometimes in life you've just got to stay focused.
 you can't make up too much noise
 But our objectives really are a strategic fit to our existing portfolio
 and how we leverage these assets we've built or these platforms that we've created
 both in distribution, which I'm not talking about moving boxes.
 I'm talking about commercial people in field
 and manufacturing.
 if I have to
 If we have to look at one area, South Africa continues to actively refine this portfolio.
 We've done two recent disposals and we expect further transactions in the South African environment.
 What are our strategic considerations?
 We will always be financially disciplined.
 what is making it interesting
 and it's a real positive, I suppose,
 is our growth hurdles are demanding.
 and that's because we've got
 we've got and we forecast
 for a strong base organic growth going forward.
 So something has to be really accretive and really value-adding just to try and match the growth rate that we see within our base business.
 We look at some of the prospects.
 The commercial farmer, we expect to sustain growth.
 We see, as I told you, the growth drivers might be a little bit inverse of last year.
 we've got strong growth
 and regional brands anticipated
 And that's just the rebound we've seen in H2 in both Australia and South Africa, and
 hopefully coming through for the for the for the full year of this year the
 there, our brands will be more modest.
 we do expect China to grow
 but it could be
 and will be
 could be impacted by volume-based procurement.
 Volume-based procurement is very hard to assess.
 Sometimes there are people that have grown their brands even larger after volume-based
 procurement but it was something that wasn't a reality in the sterile space
 historically but it looks like it could increasingly encroach interest there
 our business as well.
 The unwinding of the
 COVID lockdowns, I think it's going to have
 it will have a positive impact
 manufacturing costs.
 We've learned how to work better.
 we've learned how to work more efficient even within COVID and it will it will
 improve EBITDA motions but also particularly in the API business it will also improve
 turnovers.
 And we think it will be relatively neutral on our commercial farmer sales.
 If we look at our organic pipeline, we've got a good pipeline to sustain
 and enhance our commercial farmer growth.
 We're looking at a broader pipeline rollout into China, and we're looking at those brands
 with limited risk of facing volume-based procurement.
 I'm happy to say we're launching two products in this year.
 One is, and you'll get a sense from the products we're dealing with here.
 there's a slight difference in the type of the nature of the product we've got
 Vestin and Emla, these are both creams, one's an anesthetic cream, one's a woman's health
 product for cream, a hormone
 hormonal cream
 and we've identified
 and we're going through our portfolio and you've got to see it does a regular
 will it stand
 What extra taste would need?
 Will it pass the registration in China, etc.?
 So it's quite a long assessment that one needs to achieve here,
 More than 10 products have been identified, 10 more have been identified for registration.
 expect more on top of that.
 And the idea really is to de-risk the business.
 I mean, China is a great market.
 It's a great market for Aspen, and it's got lots of people, many, many people,
 and they've got growing influence and so it's a market you can't afford not to be in.
 It has risks but it's a market you can't afford not to bear and our strategy is to create
 a strong pipeline of products, a base pipeline of products, carefully selected so that we
 have sustainable brands in that area.
 you know some of them will include retail brands
 So something like EMLA can be sold in hospitals and an anesthetic cream.
 It can also be sold in retail.
 we had
 we had to put our Algorand product on hold during COVID
 because you couldn't, it was unethical to do these tests during COVID on Alderaan.
 and we're looking to reinitiate those studies now together with a partner.
 we'd like to find a partner to work with us
 to reinitiate those studies.
 The conjugated estrogens in the U.S., we are awaiting feedback from the FDA on the bioequivalents,
 and that's expected in the first quarter of calendar year 2022.
 Anesthetic savings, Gus mentioned, but art is low.
 that our German facility in South Africa
 are on track to start delivering
 with a delay out of NDB of six months.
 I mean, if you want to put a number on, plus minus 100 million rand, I would guess that's around about there.
 If we look at the prospect, continue with the prospect here,
 Now, exchange rates will impact results, and probably you've got to start thinking about
 vaccines becoming a bigger part of our
 income and vaccines are sold in hot currency.
 So that will also impact how we look at exchange.
 In fact, I think if I look at our South African business with the vaccines forecast for next
 year, we're likely to be hot currency positive even within our South African business, which
 remember imports products, APIs, et cetera, from our local business.
 So it's likely to be hard currency positive, even our South African business facility.
 so a vaccine rollout
 we expect to gain momentum
 you've got about four months sales
 and there it was over 400 million.
 we should
 annualize that, we should do that
 into more, just having
 a more steady supply of drug
 substance. What do businesses
 as usual basis for financial
 22 we can't make assumptions
 You know, I mean, who knows?
 where COVID might take us.
 who knows what licensed incomes might come in
 and how our space around the, you know, delivering vaccines might change.
 But we are forecasting on a business as usual basis.
 high single digit revenue growth
 And even, as Gus mentioned, even stronger EBITDA growth.
 then we expect that one through more output than our manufacturer.
 but also these COVID-related costs.
 I mean, there's been quite a big cost, particularly in our manufacturing division.
 and of course we expect even stronger N-hebs growth as our finance costs decrease strongly.
 this you will continue
 because a lot of the payments we received
 we got towards the end
 and the benefits we got towards the end of the last financial year.
 There's always potential impact from corporate activity within Aspen.
 I don't have to say that to you, though.
 You've been watching us for a while, but we've told you how hard some of those barriers might be.
 And really, I think we really want to work really hard to achieve access to a license
 from trying to drive for Africa.
 we think it's a massive
 capture this.
 It's transformative on every matrix.
 I think there's not an African country
 or is an African leader that is incredibly supportive,
 even world leaders, global leaders
 who are so supportive of achieving this, it is really, most and foremost, I think it would
 be a game changer for African control over access to know that who you're selling to,
 How are you selling, releasing your own product, and having control over the whole process
 is something that would be transformative for access to Africa.
 And I think that together with everything else that's rolling up now
 has been a significant endorsement of the strategic vision
 we had five or six years ago and shared with you.
 And I think if anything out of this presentation, I hope there's two things about us.
 we haven't rested or rusted, although we have many who thought we might have,
 But we're in a really great position now to deliver extra on this great platform that we have built both at manufacturing and distribution level.
 So thank you.
 Thank you all for your attendance.
 I think we're going to go to Q&A now.
 That's right.
 Hi, everyone.
 So we have two questions that we're going to take this morning.
 The first one is from Jonathan Detroit at Oyster Catcher in Basements.
 probably forget
 does the HPC other net income come back in future years
 or is it permanently gone?
 Thanks, Jonathan.
 then HPC milestones have reached their term now,
 So there will be no further milestones in respect of HPC.
 And then we've got a question from Victoria Lambert from Bank of America.
 What percentage of debt is RAND-denominated versus foreign effects?
 Victoria, this is a target which is going to move as we apply proceeds of various structures to our debt.
 But at the moment, you can probably start with about 30% of debt being grand denominated,
 but that may well decline during the course of the year
 depending on what we do with cash inflows.
 we do try and seek the right balance of currency debt
 to our earnings and the other factors
 to be taken into consideration as well.
 All right.
 We'll take further questions in meetings throughout the day, but those are all for now.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, everyone.
 It's been a great pleasure dealing with the investment community over a number of years.
 I don't think there are many of you that are around today that were there when I kicked off.
 but it has been great
 dealing with you
 and of course I'll still deal with you
 doing the balances this year
 But thank you all for the interactions over that period of time.