 Thanks very much and good morning everyone.
 Welcome to our first quarter 2017 conference call.
 joining me here today is our CFO, Krista Davies.
 I would note that there are slides available on our website for you to follow along with
 our commentary today.
 Before I begin the discussion on our financial results,
 I would like to spend a few minutes talking about Aon overall and our efforts to continuously
 to strengthen the firm.
 consistent with our record of value creation.
 Let me start by saying it's an exciting time for AOTAN, as we're reinforcing and building
 a
 upon a proven decade-long strategy
 to be the leading global professional services firm
 for writing a broad range of risk,
 and health solutions using proprietary data and analytics.
 We're privileged to take these new initiatives, I will describe, on the heels of a decade of
 improvement and innovation for our clients and shareholders.
 Our clients, NPS scores are at their highest levels since we've been tracking them with
 strong client satisfaction and retention.
 our shareholders 10 plus years averaging 16 percent annual shareholder returns and we
 We finished 2016 with accelerating organic growth, record operating margin, and record
 pre-cash low exceeding $2.1 billion.
 We feel very fortunate to have real momentum.
 But we also share our conviction today on that momentum never sleeps.
 We must continuously innovate faster than our clients in our areas of expertise to add
 value.
 The outsourcing platform that that's a chair provides a catalyst for our actions.
 As it is consistent with our focus and strategy to deliver advice and solutions, and further
 airlines portfolio around our clients highest priorities.
 strengthens our ability to make new investments in high-growth, high-margin areas across our
 portfolio. It reinforces our return on invested capital, ROIC, decision-making process, and
 emphasis on pre-catch flow.
 And it provides approximately $3 billion of capital to accelerate investment in emerging
 client needs. We're excited because the actions we are undertaking, we believe, will further
 to strengthen our firm, including operating as one global P&L
 to strengthen our client-serving capability
 by helping us achieve our commitment
 to deliver all of Aon's global capabilities locally.
 greater transparency into our highest growth platforms through five revenue lines, more
 We're fully reflecting how our team thinks about our business.
 $900 million back into our business to unify and improve our business services operating
 the model, including technology, real estate, and our college experience.
 The outcome of this work is designed to result in a substantially stronger firm, with higher
 growth in top line, bottom line, and free cash flow.
 In short, Aon ends up stronger than ever before with over $2 billion of incremental dollars
 from this back into Aon.
 continuing to reinforce and strengthen our free casual operative model,
 which has been very effective in strengthening the casual margins of our firm, thereby enabling
 more investment back into AON.
 These actions reinforce our industry-leading platform,
 by leadership positions in each of our five revenue lines.
 commercial risk solutions, re-insurance solutions,
 retirement solutions, health solutions,
 and data and analytics services.
 and more than 120 billion are pre-inplaced annually,
 and on the precedent level of data from which to drive insight on behalf of clients through
 our end point review and if it any technology platforms or trillion of
 assets under advisory, providing the basis for strong growth and our delegated investment
 consulting platform.
 And finally, a reflection of our client value, strong retention rates greater than 90%.
 Overall, the momentum we already enjoy amplified by the new initiatives currently underway
 is expected to substantially strengthen AON
 for our clients, colleagues, and shareholders.
 and we believe represents the next wave of shareholder value
 Now, turning to the quarter, on page 6,
 Consistent of three-year-old quarters, I'd like to cover two areas before turning the
 the call of the crystal, prefer the financial review.
 First, is our performance against key metrics.
 We communicate to shareholders.
 in a second.
 overall organic growth performance, including continued areas of the strategic investment
 across AON's industry-leading portfolio of capabilities.
 On the first topic.
 performance versus key metrics.
 In each quarter, we measure our performance against the key metrics we focus on achieving
 over the course of the year.
 Go organically.
 expand margins, increase earnings per share,
 and deliver free cash flow, bro.
 in the first quarter.
 Organic revenue growth was 4% overall.
 the strongest rate of organic revenue growth
 start the year since 2012.
 resulting growth across the entire portfolio, including double-digit growth and health solutions.
 margin, increased 220 basis points, primarily reflecting strong organic revenue growth and
 return on investments across our portfolio, as well as
 and expense savings from restructuring activities,
 and other operational initiatives.
 DPS increased 20% to $1.45.
 Primarily reflecting strong operating performance,
 a lower effective tax rate and effective capital management.
 and free cash flow increased 41 million, or 38%.
 primarily reflecting strong operational improvement,
 partially offset by investments in our operating model.
 Overall, our first quarter results reflect a strong start to the year, with positive performance
 across each of our key metrics.
 Turning to slide 8, on the second topic, organic growth and strategic investments.
 Revenant growth was 4% overall and acceleration from 2% in the prior year quarter reflecting
 strong growth across all five revenue lines with particular strength and health solutions
 and data and analytics services.
 reflecting on each of our core growth platforms.
 and commercial solutions.
 organic revenue growth is 2% compared to 3% in the prior year quarter.
 On average globally, exposures were modestly positive and the impact from pricing was modestly
 negative resulted in a relatively flat market impact overall. Results reflect solid growth
 internationally across the NIA, Asia, and the Pacific Regions, and U.S. retail, two business
 increased over 10 percent in the quarter and strong management of the renewable portfolio
 growth retention rates of 93% on average.
 Results were partially offset by decline in Latin America.
 primarily related to unfavorable timing impacting the quarter.
 and re-insurance solutions.
 Organic revenue growth is 2%, and acceleration from flat in the prior year quarter.
 Results reflect growth across every product line,
 including particular strength in capital market transactions and advisory.
 Continued net new business generation and treaty and growth in faculty
 replacements also contribute to growth in the quarter.
 Results were partially offset by a modest, unfavorable market impact globally.
 Similar to prior discussions, overall market conditions are improving as price declines
 continue to moderate you over here
 and seeing demands continue to increase
 against record levels of capital and retirement solutions.
 Organic revenue growth was 3%.
 and acceleration from 2% in the prior year quarter.
 Results reflect growth across every major practice.
 We saw continued growth in investment consulting, specifically for delegating investment management
 services.
 reflected an increase in client demand for AOM's Taylor solution and independent advice
 as well as improved market performance.
 The team surpassed $100 billion mark of pension assets under delegated management, a real
 milestone. We also saw growth across our talent practice primarily for
 and engagement services.
 services, and help solutions.
 Rebina growth was 14% and acceleration from 1% in the prior year quarter.
 health, reflect solid growth globally and health and benefits
 brokerage, including double-digit growth across the Asia and Amoeia regions.
 Latin America also delivered solid growth in the quarter, following the recent acquisition
 of AdNix in Brazil.
 New business for global health and benefits brokerage increased 6% in the quarter, and
 The strong management of the renewal book portfolio drove retention rates greater than 94% on average.
 Results also reflect double-digit growth in health care exchanges, primarily driven by
 by following enrollments on the active exchange
 certain project-related work.
 In data and analytics services, organic revenue growth was 5%, similar to the prior year quarter.
 Results primarily reflect strong growth across our global affinity business highlighted by
 double digit growth in the U.S. We saw growth across all product lines in U.S.
 with particular strength in areas across consumer solutions like travel and financial
 solutions.
 Overall, we delivered solid growth to start the year, driven by high-demand areas where
 continue to invest in innovative solutions in client-serving capabilities.
 During the slide nine.
 Clients are navigating an increasingly volatile world where economic, demographic and geopolitical
 landscapes, combined with the exponential pace of technology change, are all converging
 to create a challenging new reality for businesses.
 Aeon.
 of the strong track record of developing innovative,
 first the market solutions to help solve problems and create differentiated value in response
 to specific client needs.
 We're investing organically and through M&A across our portfolio in areas such as data
 and...
 analytics, our end point in review businesses.
 Cyber Risk Advisory, Recent Acquisition of Strauss-Freeberg,
 infinity, health and elected benefits brokerage,
 Addicts in Latin America and the universe.
 health exchanges, where we offer the broadest set of solutions
 in health and delegating investment management.
 Overall, our strategic investments in high-growth areas
 And in data and analytics, continue to drive new business
 generation.
 strong retention rates.
 increased operating leverage across the portfolio.
 positioning the farm for continued long-term growth.
 in summary of our performance.
 Our first quarter results reflect a strong start to the year, driven by investments in
 in our client-serving capabilities and operating model.
 We're accelerating a proven strategy which has been delivering exceptional results for
 for clients and shareholders for over a decade.
 significant financial flexibility to invest across our industry-leading portfolio, our
 operating model and the return capital to shareholders we believe we're at the beginning
 of the next substantial way of value creation for shareholders.
 I'm now pleased to turn the call over to Krista for further financial review.
 Bye for now.
 Thanks for watching.
 Okay, from our standpoint, we'd like you to think about these as five really revenue
 in terms of where we are.
 We really have one segment.
 That's really what we're trying to do.
 one overall P&L, and the opportunity here
 It really reinforces what we know we're best at when we bring global capability, all of
 on to our clients in a local way, we do exceptionally well.
 And in essence, we're reinforcing that.
 So not only are we taking actions
 to improve the operating model of the firm.
 as Christa described, but we're also taking actions
 that can continue to align the firm.
 So that's what we're trying to do with the revenue lines.
 And what you see is a reflection of exactly how we think about the business.
 So you see an opportunity to think about commercial risk,
 reinsurance, retirement, all the efforts around that.
 and then now data and analytic services,
 which really represents what we do in data analytics services
 in which we sell directly to a client
 or actually provide directly to a client,
 not embedded in the work we do.
 So for us, this is the exact reflection of how we think about growing and building the
 business.
 why we're excited to actually take this forward on your behalf because this, again, is how
 what we think about it internally.
 This is, from the standpoint of accountability,
 There's sustained or even more intensified accountability in terms of what has to happen
 at the grassroots level to build bottom-up deliver on behalf of the firm, which you see
 And now, though, it comes all together in one P&L to think about kind of integrated
 day on.
 That's how I think about the business when we think about it, and where Al Christy thinks
 about the business when we think about word, how to place capital.
 So the accountability at the front line, you know,
 remain the same and again are intensified.
 And the opportunity for us is really to take some very substantial steps forward and where
 we're going to invest and shape the portfolio.
 And that's what you're looking at here.
 you're given a chance to sort of see the five platforms
 that are really growth platforms.
 Again, if you step back and think about it,
 from a growth standpoint, we started a year,
 first quarter, 4% growth, strongest we've had since 2012,
 and we've been thinking about it this way
 the last, you know, 24 to 36 months, and now you're just seeing a reflection of that.
 So this is not any type of a change in the detailed front line.
 It really is how I think and Krista thinks about allocating capital and growing the business
 So, Ky, do we answer your first set of questions or answer to the reinvestment piece before
 we get to grow. Listen, on the growth side, this is really important just from an overall
 perspective because you know hopefully you can you can tell from from our time
 this morning. We're very enthusiastic about this next set of steps for Aon.
 This is something we've thought about for quite some time, and now we're able to put
 in a place.
 Guy, if you think about it, and this is about accelerating growth, everything around this
 is...
 of accelerating growth and more impact for clients.
 The actions we're taking really reflect from our standpoint,
 a real conviction around this opportunity we see before us.
 and as Chris described, a lot of confidence
 and our ability to capture it.
 And remember, same strategy, same strategy
 for the last decade.
 preeminent professional services firm,
 focus on risk, retirement, health underpin by data analytics.
 That strategy has served us exceptionally well,
 as I described in some of my comments and Chris did it as well.
 Great MPS, value creates in 16%,
 I've told the return of shareholders for 10 years.
 great 2016 momentum as we jump into 17, but we would say, and this is what's so important,
 As we think about the potential of our firm,
 we're not just talking about the potential of our firm,
 We're still kind of a 4 out of 10 in terms of capturing the full opportunity.
 This is very much kind of glass half full in terms of sort of where we can go and what
 What we're excited about is we know how to get there.
 We know this is around meeting client needs more effectively, and they're evolving and
 and improving Aon.
 and this is what the restructuring is all about from the AON standpoint.
 To get from a 4 to a 7 to an 8 in terms of on a scale of 0 to 10, this really involves
 investing and growing in areas of greatest client need and you're going to see us do that
 more and more and more, increased risk of innovation.
 And then on the aeon piece, it's really aligning aeon more effectively to consistently deliver
 on this idea of global capability delivered locally.
 and this is, we call it A on United,
 but this is really around becoming a better and better
 and better professional services firm.
 And to do that, there's a whole series of things around technology.
 and colleague experience fundamental operations
 The firm, as Chris described, we've got to improve on.
 but we also know the economics and the impact of this
 as we get this right over the coming 24, 36 months,
 as a disproportionate and very strong impact on clients
 and our colleagues and for our shareholders.
 And then you get to the outsourcing piece.
 Why is this a catalyst?
 You know, as we nurtured this and developed this and created the opportunity, the outsourcing
 sale is such a great catalyst because when you think about what happens when we're done
 with the moves on the restructuring.
 We end up with a stronger financial platform
 in terms of doing able to generate operating income
 because of the 900 million investment by the charge
 and result in efficiency gains does more than just,
 you know, replaces lost income.
 It really creates operational leverage for us.
 in a very positive way.
 So you end up with a platform that has a stronger financial engine and, by definition, when
 when you look at the math, is growing faster top line, higher margin, hundred basis points,
 free cash flow, faster growth, better operating leverage as we add and subtract businesses
 from the portfolio over time, and they know, yeah, one of the real positives, we generate
 3 billion in that proceeds, we invest 900 million back in the business, we've got more
 than 2 billion, again, to accelerate an invest back into Aon.
 So for us, Kai, I just, it's important to understand
 sort of the psychology that went into this.
 This is something that's been sort of in the works
 for a long, long time that we're now able to launch
 with a lot of velocity.
 and we feel really good about it which is why Christa described it as kind of an
 in our view the next way, the next way for our clients,
 but equally the next way for our shareholders.
 So I know it's a bit long-winded, but it hopefully gives you a sense on what we're trying to do.
 See again, if you look at the first quarter
 and some are already underway,
 We had record first quarter growth.
 the highest growth we've had as a company overall since 2012.
 So our view is this is an accelerant and that's what it's designed to be.
 It's really, this is a set of very kind of
 offensive steps to sort of strengthen our client-serving capability and
 and accelerate growth.
 Yeah, all of us really trying to say it sort of in that, there is always time and around
 in the quarters, at least there wasn't this quarter as well,
 but coming back to the revenue line is really important.
 Again, this is how we think about sort of the platforms
 from the platforms for growth overall.
 If you think about growth, we encourage you to look at Aon.
 And so that's what we're gonna look at,
 and back to Chris's four metrics.
 I would note as well, margins included in that too,
 and we have a commitment to continue to improve that.
 well, no target, we have a commitment to improve on all four of the metrics over the course
 of the year.
 And in the case
 So the revenue lines, we've got five revenue lines
 that for us represent, in many respects,
 that we think about growing the business.
 On the commercial risk side, listen,
 we feel this has gotten us a very solid start,
 very much in line with our expectations.
 Again, we're never caught up in kind of the quarter versus the year, but the underlying
 activity was exceptionally good.
 New business, you know, 270 million, up 17 percent,
 Retention and rollover were both up marginally above 94% very, very good.
 Market impact was flat and strong performance internationally with some timing in the last
 So for us, we feel very good about the quarter.
 You're absolutely right in terms of sort of comparing it to previous quarters, our data
 and analytic services piece would have been in risk solutions, and parts of our health
 piece would have been a risk solution to it.
 So for us, we feel very good about the growth for the quarter.
 Again, it's record growth for Aeon back to 2012,
 I feel very good about that and certainly feel good about where we're on the commercial
 A segment level P and L.
 So, again, Paul, we would encourage you not to think about these as five segments.
 These are five revenue lines where Krista and I and the most senior team think about
 capital allocation and disproportionate investments to change and modify the structure of the
 for sort of our front line continues as it always has continued.
 thinking about sort of how we serve clients day-to-day,
 supporting each other around where we are.
 So that's, you know, don't look for a lot of change there.
 This is not an any way shape or form of restructuring.
 This is really how we think about the business overall.
 and we're trying to give you a much clearer window
 into how we think about capital allocation.
 We will continue to align the most senior team around a set of incentives and we've
 We've done that for our executive committee, we're literally everything that's aligned
 around, together around Schroeder value creation, and then we've also got, you know, our top
 150, top 175 colleagues who also are now more aligned
 around this single PNL, which is a very substantial change
 at the most senior level, as well as individual results that they have responsibility for.
 So for us, we're creating alignment around the one P and L at the top, but at the front
 line, it is exactly as we've been doing. So this is a lot of disruption at the front
 This is really meant to create disproportionate investment around growth and to drive growth
 to strengthen the front.
 Thanks.
 consistent with what we just said before, so the quarters do what they do. We obviously
 We love this business and if I continue to invest in it,
 continue to see it grow.
 There's no doubt it's a hard comp
 if you want to go quarter to quarter for next year.
 No doubt about that.
 but feel very, very good about the overall trajectory.
 And the off-cycle is literally on the exchange side as you add companies that don't make
 make their decisions to add companies, to crack companies,
 It really changes sort of the off-cycle a bit.
 Another positive thing about this business
 and that's what you see reflected here.
 Yeah, you're still going to see it more, Brian, Q4 SKU,
 This is how companies make decisions.
 As we described before, you know, we've really worked with clients to think about health
 really over the course of the year, which they do anyway,
 but in terms of the mechanics of the decision making process.
 so you're seeing that spread out a bit,
 but it's still disproportionately skewed to Q4.
 commercial turn-to-focus business.
 Right, I love that question.
 We don't think about it as cross-self.
 I'll tell you what we think about it, is delivering the firm.
 So, this isn't about sort of a micro, you know, I brought a new product and you buy
 This is around an ethic and we take this deadly seriously.
 This is an ethic around delivering the global capability
 they on, sitting at the table with clients, thinking about their needs, and having an
 enough understanding as an individual and credibility to introduce parts of AON to help
 if a client succeeds.
 Sometimes, Ryan, that looks going to result in the fail.
 Sometimes it's what it always does, and we know this,
 what it always does is it strengthens the reputation of AM
 in the eyes of a client that creates greater degrees
 freedom or opportunities for us to actually help that client succeed and also it gives
 us more information on where and how to invest in areas that are important clients.
 So for us, this is why we're so excited about this opportunity.
 This is, you know, as we take A1 United and we continue to evolve it, you know, and we
 go from a 4 to a 5 to a 6 to a 7 on that scale of 10 I described before, we know that's going
 and produce great results for clients
 and tremendous results for Aon and in doing so,
 obviously great results for sure, older.
 So for us, it's not cross cell.
 It's really around AM United and delivering the firm
 uh... it was real credibility in a way we we've done many times before brian
 but we've never done fully consistently.
 That's why, again, this isn't about a new concept,
 This is taking a concept we know works and then scaling it,
 which is why the investment back in the firm is so important.
 They're really, this is what the beauty of this is.
 This isn't about restructuring or reorganization.
 There's not re-organization in the system,
 a little bit of loose tapping back and saying,
 what do we need to do to serve clients more effectively
 and how do we work together to do that?
 in the one PNL, the five revenue lines,
 The alignment of the senior team, the restructuring that Krista described, all these things are
 around.
 Literally.
 mindset focused on clients overall.
 So the beauty of this is there's not a lot of organizational complexity embedded in this at all.
 So this is really how we come together to support our clients and again, it's not something
 It's conceptual.
 We've been thinking about this now for a better part of 24 months.
 But we know this has tremendous potential, this is how we are going to scale it.
 So, for us, this is not about sort of front-line organizational change.
 to truly about how we think about clients.
 Well, the CapEx overall, right as you know,
 what we showed before the $200 million has actually come down over time as we exited our
 as good at the, you know, the temple of businesses
 as you recall, that was 36% of that cat-back,
 so that's come down over time.
 Thanks very much for joining us.
 Well, we look forward to the next call and everybody have a great day.