 Boa tarde.
 Good afternoon.
 Welcome, everyone, to Brasilagos Q1 2022 results conference call.
 Today I'm here with Mr. Andregio Moncio and Mr. Gustavo Lopez, Administrative Offices and Investor Relations Officer.
 The company's year begins on July 1st, so that is why we are reporting Q1, the three months that ended on September 30th, 2021.
 Well, this transmission is being recorded
 It is transmitted on our website and also on YouTube.
 You've been here.
 we're talking about estimates and declarations concerning the business perspectives of the
 companies, projections, operational goals based on our...
 Now I would like to pass the floor to Mr. Andrej to begin our presentation.
 Thank you.
 Thank you Gustavo
 to all of you who are here in our
 conference calls. It's a great
 pleasure to be sharing with you
 Good news.
 even
 before I arrived, I asked
 to Team G, where are we going to have our barn?
 We're raising the bar.
 the results during this quarter
 are the same
 as the ones that we would
 celebrate as the years
 results so the company is on a new level.
 We have a better prepared company in terms of real estate and operations.
 It is a company that is totally different today.
 So we will begin with the highlights of our quarter, and then, as usual, we will be open to have our Q&A.
 Well, those who are sharing, let's begin with the first slide.
 Okay.
 the highlights
 that we bring here for Q1
 as Anna
 reminded us very well, this is
 Q1, which began on July
 1st, we had a net revenue of $378 million in this period.
 we had a
 Nets profit of $107.9 million and an adjusted EBIT of $190.6 million.
 the estimate for the harvest
 that we are ending
 the numbers
 2.6 million
 tons of grains, cotton and sugarcane, 168,000 hectares in
 production, and
 now we have the
 excellent news
 that we gave in the last meetings of the company
 concerning the General Assembly on October 27th.
 the approval for a record
 Dividend payment, $260 million in dividends for the previous year, $2.62 per share.
 So always bringing to the investor, last year was a great investment if we consider the appraisal of our shares
 It will represent approximately 9% this year.
 9%.
 Next slide.
 while in the highlights
 in the last call
 or the call before last
 We said, we are
 we are sellers
 We are working on purchases too
 in the last
 call
 We already had these two transactions in progress.
 the negotiations in progress
 And during Q1, we finalized the sale of these two farms.
 I'd like to remind you, last year, when we talked about $260 million in dividends,
 They are linked to an excellent operational result last year, and a small part of this came from the sale of farms, real estate.
 Here, we already have relevant results from the sale of real estate.
 The first sale is Rio do Meio.
 those who have been with us
 for a short time
 this came from the acquisition
 that we made from angry
 Firman. We acquired
 two farms
 Villa Domain Rojadien were selling
 a third.
 This farm has approximately 8,000 hectares and we're selling 2,800.
 We acquired this
 recently, January 2020,
 is the value of the transaction, the NAB,
 this one third
 of the farm represents
 the value of the whole
 acquisition of the farm
 So this shows the potential and of value generation that the company has in terms of real estate results.
 The second sale, the most important sale of the company.
 higher volume
 $589 million
 REIS and also
 We told the market about a farm that we acquired in the past in 2006 worth 10,000 per hectare,
 and now we're selling at $150,000, $160,000 per hectare.
 And I would like to mention two fundamental points for you.
 the sale will be
 recorded both the
 first sale Rio de Janeiro and the second
 will be recorded in our
 accounting during the
 next corridor and the sale of Alto Taquari
 has a different
 recording, different postings.
 We sold 2,700 hectares, and this sale of 2,700 hectares we will record in two moments.
 When we deliver, we will deliver.
 1,500
 hectares initially, and we will
 record this
 part. This result
 on the 1,500 hectares.
 What will we do with the other 1,200 hectares?
 We will continue exploring.
 it has sugar cane
 we will continue
 until the harvest of
 2023, and then
 we will deliver the second part
 and then we will
 record the sale.
 So this is how we do our accounting.
 Next slide, please.
 Well, what I'd like to say here, two points.
 First, the company's capacity to increase its operational area, even being a very efficient company in terms of the sale of real estate.
 So if we look year after year, we have a growth of 10% of the cultivated area, planted area,
 And this comes from our own land, leased land, development of land, but shows to you investors, those who follow us, the capacity to increase more and more operational results in an efficient way and in a safe way.
 The graph also beside you shows the breakdown of the types of crops.
 I'd like to call your attention.
 basically in the harvest 21-22
 we are increasing the
 cultivated area of winter
 crop for corn corn winter crop later on we will talk about prices so we see an
 optimistic scenario for winter corn and also more and more maintaining products
 that have more added value
 maintaining the areas with beans.
 Well, here we have a summary we will throw in production.
 Here we see 2021 and what we're estimating for 2022 harvests.
 Soybean, an important increase
 From 173,000 tons to 196,000 tons winter corn the most important leap
 some areas were intensifying the planting of corn because of the prices
 that you are following.
 so corn winter crop here we see also in other areas in Bahia for example and here
 we see an overlap of winter
 corn
 and corn.
 And here we can continue seeing the numbers.
 We have the crop.
 We had some droughts in Mato Grosso and in the Northeast.
 So the winter crop has an increase, but it does not refer to the area.
 It refers to a recovery or maintenance of our normal results.
 When we look year after year, when we look total growth in production, we went from 287 to 398,000 tons.
 Last column.
 Well, this is a thermometer.
 This is a new slide.
 And Apollo prepared this.
 It's very good to show.
 first on the graph below
 hear
 the graph below
 represents the ideal
 window for planting.
 This is a picture of the company.
 would like to remind you that
 These numbers are from Friday, so we can see here the amount planted.
 Also another point, we have operations in Mato Grosso, part of the plant with
 Soybean is in the northeast.
 It is a window that is different from Mato Grosso.
 And there we are also seeing the results from Shingu 2.
 we will continue
 and
 we can see here
 The results, soybean, corn, cotton, and beans in the harvest 2021-2022.
 21 and 22 harvest year in cattle raising.
 we can see your cattle heads
 pasture
 and ADG.
 So, beans, we have some of the results ready in by here.
 Next, please.
 well here
 sugar cane
 I would like to say that
 We see a great evolution in the number.
 Thank you.
 You can see here the production in thousands of tons.
 and the number of hectares for sugar cane, then the harvest area, and the number of tons.
 hospital
 Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugarcane.
 Thank you.
 sugar
 Cain was not affected
 by the drought we have
 irrigation through our agreement with
 And in the case of the Midwest, it is not irrigated, but the risk is much smaller.
 so when we look at
 Brazil Agro in Brazil in sugarcane.
 we have almost
 580-590
 which is
 And we see the harvest at the end of now with 520,000 tons.
 the company had a
 drop
 We don't understand that we can't do anything.
 Here we see the generation of results,
 bring you a lot of results from
 real estate sales.
 So what did we do here?
 to drink a time
 of spectacular prices
 we have to
 maximize our inventory.
 we had an inventory of cattle
 at a low price
 last year we had a good
 strategy to
 decrease the volume to be more
 aggressive in sales, generating
 results, and apart from all of this, we generated spectacular results in the business units
 When we closed on June 30th, and this is a picture now.
 The 2020, we had a GMD, the highest in history.
 maybe part of this
 comes from a lower load
 when you sue
 with less pressure in the pasture land
 And GMD had, again, we gained 500 grams of GMD, very similar to the market.
 we're estimating now
 the closing
 with 070.
 Thank you.
 What place is the company as an excellent producer of sugar cane,
 an excellent producer of beef and other, also other crops.
 Here, what I'd like to stress is the company's capacity, resilience of the company to move this inventory, capture the good prices, and the last bubble, the last slide shows that cattle raising in the company is being done with a lot of operational results and good techniques.
 Next slide, please.
 well
 So here we're talking about the current harvest, and here I'd like to repeat this.
 We're always with a good contribution margin, what we expect per hectare.
 So we have a moral obligation to make progress every time we have a good contribution margin.
 And depending on the price of sale, we're always looking at contribution margin, the difference between sale and cost on this date.
 We can see
 the amount of corn sold
 at a price of $66.96.
 most of the corn production
 is winter crop.
 So here we have a mix of prices between corn in the Northeast, then in the Midwest.
 So we have 50% of the next harvest.
 When we look at this in comparison with last year,
 with the same mix
 50 Reis, and now 67 Reis.
 At the bottom, we see soybean.
 we're also making
 progress in soybeans.
 Here we can see the main figures, revenues from operations.
 when we look at the future
 and the exchange rate closing at 5.57 reais per dollar,
 a little higher than the previous harvest
 when we had 5.51 reais per dollar.
 This will help us with an even more robust result this year because we have prices that are higher than last year for the grains.
 The last line is cotton, where we have progress, an important progress, 68% in sales in relation to the previous harvest, actually in relation to this harvest, with a price of 163 Reis.
 When we look at the price of the previous, it was at 108 reais.
 and you will see
 We also intensified the area with cotton this year.
 we had an important increase due to what we can see in terms of margin for
 Come on to the next slide.
 Well, here I'd like to pass the floor to Gustavo to talk about the numbers, and then we will be back.
 Thank you, Andrei. Good afternoon.
 well, here
 we're showing
 the main numbers
 of the quarter
 as Anna mentioned
 and
 this is the year until June 30th next year
 and herewith we can see an increase
 of
 83% in net revenue
 of the company. We see
 a net profit
 107 million reais, 43% above last year.
 and it's important
 to stress
 Incremento del precio
 And the increase in price for corn, soybean, and especially in sugar cane, is what leveraged all these results.
 It's important to mention that during this quarter,
 we
 we harvested
 almost 1 million tons
 of sugar cane
 and
 We should expect results that will continue to come in from sugarcane.
 and our expectation is that the price increases will continue leveraging or improving the operational results.
 When we look at adjusted EBITDA,
 And this shows the performance.
 and here we include
 derivatives as Andrei mentioned in the previous page.
 So we see 190 million reais.
 last year
 we had
 say a sale and this year we're expecting for next quarter to record the sale of
 of Rio de Janeiro Firm
 and part of the second formal, as Andrei mentioned.
 On the next page, here, the highlight is the 190 million reais.
 we see
 a
 a bit to here last year.
 So here we see the price of sugarcane, which almost doubled.
 Last year we had
 68
 grams per kilogram.
 Now it's $130, $135.
 reminding you that
 There is an expectation in the market to close at $196, $195,
 and we have a premium of 20% in the contract with San Jose.
 the weight
 from Sugarcane this year
 from Sugarcane
 will be much higher
 than before.
 Reminding here in the case of soybean and cotton, we're selling the inventory of the harvest that we collected recently and with prices in soybean 45% higher and in the case of corn 32%.
 So we reinforce, we're expecting an EBITDA that will be very similar to that of June 30 last year,
 but the impact in the price of sugar cane
 will
 provoke
 a significant increase.
 On the next page, we can see here the company's numbers.
 We continue with a year-end report that is stable, strong.
 we see here
 Assets, 4.1%.
 also
 the company's cash
 On September 30th, it had an increase in relation to June 30th because we're selling the inventory of soybean and corn.
 It's important to say that accounts receivable short-term, long-term,
 400 million reais
 Due to the sale of farms here, we're including receivables of the new set farms
 that
 we sold and we will
 record in the next quarter,
 We see also property for investment, the company's farms, one billion reais.
 and
 we see cash
 total indebtedness
 and
 and we will see more details on the next page.
 well here
 we see in terms of
 Short-term, 325 million reais.
 short-term debts, long-term 300 million reais, total 626 million reais, 5% lower than on June 30th.
 Here, one objective we had in the past
 that we mentioned to you.
 To have a longer debt, $240 million we have for five years, and $300 million, which is what we need to plant and the company's operation.
 So this, we are working to renew these deaths.
 When we
 consider the
 gross debt, adjusted
 adjusted gross debt or a net gross debt
 in net
 gross debt. We see
 it's negative
 but we
 expect to make
 some investments, especially
 in purchasing
 farms,
 transformation of areas
 that we have in the land bank.
 And we will be very careful
 with the company's cash
 but
 During these times of volatility, we know, but we're trying instruments to maintain the company's numbers,
 the company's debt at
 reasonable levels. Here we
 have the cost 8.5%.
 if we consider the future curves and interest rates.
 On the next page, here, we'd like to say that the General Assembly approved the payment of R260 million in dividends.
 We will pay on the 10th after tomorrow, November 10th after tomorrow.
 and here I'd like to stress that
 Although we don't have a clear dividend policy,
 the objective
 of the company
 is
 to have a dividend yield of 5, 5.3%.
 So this is what we will have as a goal.
 On the next page, we will see net asset value, 3.2 million reais.
 here, this is the cost
 These are the numbers.
 these numbers
 reflect the cost
 The value of the property in the company with an internal evaluation lower than that of Deloitte's evaluation.
 Deloitte had said
 3.4 billion reais.
 We also always consider our evaluation.
 evaluation, we see that
 the net value of the company, 4.3, 4.4 billion reais.
 and with the number of
 Shares, 42.75 reais per share.
 So once again, we'd like to talk about the great potential for upside,
 and we invite you to continue to invest in our company.
 On the next page, the last slide, we see an evolution of the stock market and our share, Agro3, on November 4th.
 Here we show the performance of the company.
 So this is the market is booming for agribusiness and the company too with positive results.
 So we believe that our company is an excellent opportunity for investments.
 We thank you for participating, and now we will go on to the Q&A session.
 Well, reminding you, if you have a question,
 please through the webcast
 in writing, we're receiving the
 questions here and I will read them.
 Thank you.
 The first question, Carlos Herrera.
 what is the difference between
 NAB in price of shares, 68%.
 Do you see opportunities to buy back shares?
 Carnals.
 looking
 of course
 we have
 an important gap,
 but
 We have worked to increase the shareholder base, to increase the free float of the company.
 I'd like to remind you, before the pre-follow-on, we traded 1 to 2 million, and since the follow-on,
 25 to 30 million are being traded every day.
 We monitor this, and when we believe this will make sense, yes, we will approve that through the counsel of the company, the company's counsel.
 today we consider
 the evaluation of the properties, it's as if
 were worth 1.5
 billion. And we know we have a portfolio of 3.4 billion.
 So, we are now
 having
 the farms that are
 the cheapest in the
 Brazilian market.
 And we're looking to see if there are opportunities to launch a new program.
 Maybe not with such high volumes, but we might buy back shares.
 to show to the market
 the value of the shares.
 Also, Carlos, the resources
 that we're raising with the sale of farms.
 How will we use these resources?
 Will it be used to pay dividends?
 the sale of
 Furns?
 Carlos, a good question.
 It's important to stress the company in the sale of farms.
 we have a lower cost of capital
 than
 the producer
 so we can finance the transaction.
 So, in purchases, we're more aggressive with cash purchases because we have a cost of capital that makes sense.
 It's important to stress these sales were made with a duration of 2.5 in one transaction, 2.9 in the other, approximately 2.5, 2.6.
 So, the revenue from these transactions, I'd like to stress, the sale of taquari was made in two times.
 it will be recorded in two
 instances, we should record 330 million
 during this year and the remainder
 the 590 million
 only in 2024
 and the sale of Rio de Janeiro
 should also be recorded
 during this year
 but it is also
 sold in
 installments.
 So I joke, we buy with down payments cash and we sell in installments.
 This will give us a result. Gustavo showed us how we're showing the results of Q1 with higher prices, better results, and different from last year, right, Carlos?
 Last year, we had very few sales of real estate in the company's results.
 So the company will be aggressive once again due to the results we will have.
 And I always say, with good opportunities, we will buy farms.
 Without good opportunities or limited opportunities, we will be aggressive in distributing dividends to our shareholders.
 But we should have an even more robust result than last year.
 Thank you, Cardinals.
 We also had a question from Damien in line with the previous question
 concerning the buyback of shares.
 so I believe we have already
 answer now
 Vitor Saragiotou
 he says congratulations for the results
 and many concerns in relation to the price of fertilizer that went up during the last month.
 So, do you have delays in the delivery of fertilizer for this harvest?
 Oh, I was in Shingu this week.
 I came back on Saturday.
 Dave
 it's a
 Pity that it's not life.
 We were there.
 We went to visit large areas of the region.
 and we were very happy with what we saw.
 So we had operations left.
 We went to look at new areas for acquisitions, and you did not go with me.
 we're always inviting you to come
 to go with us to Shingle.
 But going back to your question, we are following the price of fertilizer.
 I believe it's very important.
 important to see the results, how things are happening.
 The fertilizer industry, phosphate or nitrogen, most of it is born from natural gas.
 you produce natural gas
 I always said this
 so
 you have to
 produce also from
 nitrogen urea. And with nitrogen, urea
 or ammonia and natural
 gas.
 this is the
 raw material for phosphate-based
 fertilizers. So, being
 Frank, we don't believe
 in a price drop for fertilizers in the next six months.
 Why six months?
 because we are now at a time of greater consumption of natural gas in the world
 Due to due to the winter in the northern hemisphere. So in December January, we have the highest consumption of natural gas for heating homes
 so we have a competitor
 This always happens every year, so, and now we have very high prices for natural gas.
 You can see the prices, the price of natural gas.
 but in Europe too
 The price of natural gas went up 208% in the last six months.
 So it's fundamental to see this industry in this way.
 The fertilizer industry on a global level has raw materials.
 I know that many potassium plants will begin producing, phosphate plants will begin producing.
 and in terms of
 nitrogen we have this great concern with gas which it has a direct effect so the
 way we see it, Victor, there will be an impact, an important
 an impact for Brazil in terms
 of the second
 crop, the winter crop, same for a
 Brazil Agua, we're projecting this in our numbers, an important impact
 for the second crop
 for the for
 For the previous one, we have all the fertilizer bought.
 So we have
 a crop with
 the previous prices, but they will go up.
 It's important to see when we look at the price of last year, the price of sale for this harvest,
 we're expecting very positive margins for us.
 The great question in the market is what will happen in the future from now on.
 We're looking at fertilizer, but also agrochemicals with increases in U.S. currency.
 We're talking about increases in dollars, 10 to 15 percent, depending on the chemical.
 So we have to be careful.
 there are many
 consequences for the increase
 and
 of prices in chemicals. Fertilizer
 is based on the increase
 and the price of natural gas.
 So, this is for the Harvest 22-23.
 We're monitoring.
 We're already monitoring this, Victor, and as I always say, when we believe that there is something to do, we are making decisions.
 fertilizers, nothing yet
 but agrochemicals, yes
 we have already
 we already have a strategy
 In terms of logistics, no problems until now.
 Gustavo reminded us
 We put pressure for delivery until now.
 no problems, no lack of fertilizer.
 All our fertilizers for this that was planted from October to December is already in our properties.
 winter crop, we bought most of it.
 there is a part in nitrogen
 to buy, but phosphate
 I was looking this week
 And I said, why so much fertilizers here?
 And they said, no, this is the fertilizer for the winter crop.
 We're receiving fertilizer for the winter crop
 Well, in line with Victor's question,
 Eriki from VTG Pactual
 as concerning the cost of production.
 The company's estimates for 21-22 show important increases in the cost for the main crops.
 Please comment on how you expect this will impact the profitability this year.
 and now we know
 the price of commodities is favorable.
 Do you believe there will be a risk for this harvest or next?
 I believe Andrea has already answered these questions.
 And the next question, Leonard Walencar, ShisPay Investments.
 First, he says congratulations for the results.
 thank you
 I believe you have the harvest for soybean and the winter crop for corn.
 I believe you have bought the fertilizer.
 How about the future?
 fertilizer
 for 2022-2023. Have you
 bought the fertilizer. What is your
 vision concerning the
 fertilizer market.
 Andrei has already answered all these questions from Leonardo.
 do? And the next
 question
 I believe that in this question
 I'd like to say
 This is it.
 We have two concerns.
 We have the sugar cane harvest that begins in April, May
 with nitrogen fertilizers,
 our perspective as
 when he said the
 base industry, the base
 Raw material is natural gas.
 Natural gas.
 We don't believe in a drop in natural gas, especially now with the cold season in the northern hemisphere.
 The way we see it, after winter in the northern hemisphere with more natural gas available at the end of the first semester next year, beginning of the second semester of 2020,
 too we can expect
 a drop in the price of
 fertilizer, especially nitrogen and phosphate.
 The next question, Flavio Bica.
 Congratulations for the results.
 Could you tell us more about rainfall in the various farms?
 Love you.
 Thank you for the question.
 It's a great pleasure to talk to you
 I would say the following
 this year
 the
 behavior is much better than last year.
 you can see you follow us
 not only the company but
 all the marketing
 permission, Mato Grosso
 as I said, is
 is finishing the planting. Last year we had a lot of problems in the state of
 Mato Grosso during the planting season a lot of complexity you you heard me
 talking about replanting
 in Mato Grosso
 In the press, in the company, or even in other companies, no one is talking about this this year
 because it's not happening.
 The climate is well with a good window, a good distribution.
 and the good news is that
 the region in Mapito also has good rainfall.
 Rainfall began a little earlier. We have a lot of soybean planted in Marien, Piauoui,
 by year two
 things that we know that
 historically these are regions
 we have
 rainfall in Mapito in November
 and this year already in October.
 So in terms of Brazil, when we talk about the situation, this is it.
 now in the long term, things are
 positive. We have a
 year
 that is
 Laninha, and this
 allows us a good distribution of rainfall in Mapito
 within average in the Midwest
 And we're always concerned with the south of Brazil.
 When we talk about the south of Brazil, so talking about Brazil Agro, our concern this year is Paraguay.
 Paraguay we had good rain but we know that we begin to plant in the end of
 November we have good rainfall
 but we're always looking at the climate
 in Paraguay, the rainfall in Paraguay
 We reduce the exposure and power.
 Why?
 to new areas. Areas where we have
 coverage where we have been working for a long time we will continue we will
 continue planting, respecting
 and planting
 in a defensive
 way. But
 we're concerned with
 Paraguay, and we're also
 concerned with the south of Brazil
 and also Argentinians should also be concerned with their climate.
 In Bolivia, the climate is normal.
 we're beginning
 we began
 15 days ago
 the second harvest
 For soybean, the winter crop for soybean is more representative than the previous.
 So we're beginning, and the rainfall in Bolivia is within the average.
 In April, May, we had a little bit of stress, but now rainfall is normal in Bolivia.
 there we have a lot of sugarcane
 So floppy in a nutshell.
 The company is doing very well.
 all of Brazil,
 Midwest and upwards
 and we have
 the concern with
 Paraguay and the south of Brazil.
 The forecast for the year is good in these regions with the exception of the south and Paraguay.
 While the next question comes from Walter,
 bearing in mind
 the taxes on dividends
 Do you intend to anticipate dividends for 2021-2022?
 the government intends
 to charge
 income tax
 We have no forecast, but we're looking at the reforms from the government.
 And we're prepared.
 The company is prepared for this taxation of dividends, as the government wants to do.
 this received a lot of attention
 when we saw
 the
 tax reform being prepared.
 the company is prepared
 if this actually happens
 If this reduces the profitability for the investors, we're looking at the tax reform.
 while the next question comes from Adrian Pattinson
 Concerning fertilizers and chemicals, how much was spent in 2021 and what is the cost for 2022?
 truth.
 Well, here we can talk about percentages.
 without looking at each product.
 Gustavo, help me with the numbers.
 Now, last year, we had a cost of production in soybean 2,600 to 2,800, depending on the region.
 This year, 3,200 to 3,400.
 These are
 There are different farms regions where you have differences, but this is it.
 In the case of corn, help me with corn, 4,000, 3,800 reais last year, 2,800.
 corn
 he has a higher
 cost, it uses more
 fertilizer and it also uses more fertilizers with nitrogen.
 These were the ones that had the highest price increases.
 So, Cawthon suffers twice.
 Now, in relation to agrochemicals, in the harvest 2021-2022, we had no expressive differences in U.S. dollars.
 we have problems with the
 with the exchange rate.
 When I mentioned previously an increase
 10 to 15% in dollars.
 This is for the harvest 2022-2023.
 This is a forecast for the next harvest, not this harvest, that we're planting now.
 We're talking about 2022, 2023.
 We're estimating a possible increase in the price of agrochemicals due to many points.
 natural gas, environmental
 restrictions, ocean freights
 that had high increases and we know that the chemical molecules in Brazil the
 finished products are re-imported
 in containers so ocean freight and this issue of containers
 lack of containers that you see, lack of containers, containers that came from China to America for $1,400, now $1,800, $20,000.
 dollars. So we begin
 to have important increases.
 I'm sure that industry will raise their prices for us.
 As Andrei mentioned,
 you have the harm
 is 2020 and 2021 we had approximately an increase roughly 15 to 20 percent in
 soybean and 30% in corn. For the next, also 23-25% for soybean increase. Why?
 because we were able
 to buy in advance.
 We also made
 demons when the
 U.S. currency was around
 five
 rise to a dollar.
 now we have the winter crop we we took more time to buy this in we're expecting
 an increase of 70%
 in relation to last year.
 Where are we making this decision last year in
 In Shingu, we had an expectation of sales, 35, 36 reais per bag.
 Today we're selling
 and in an anticipated way
 around 60-65
 Rays per bag.
 So, in terms of margin, they are similar or even better than the increase of the price of fertilizer.
 Also, in relation to production costs, a question from Rafael Sommer Logos concerning the price of inputs for sugar cane.
 a greater price.
 I will answer this for a fact.
 So last year, this year, we began to include the cost of leasing in sugar cane.
 And if you purge this effect, which was not considered last year, the increase is very similar to the other crops, 30%, around 30%.
 Later on, I can give you the details, but approximately a thousand Reais more in the production price of sugar cane due to the leasing, rental of the farms.
 The next question, Famiano Zankaner.
 The company, does the company have a hedging policy for contribution margin?
 The hedge is done at cost, or you hedge 100%.
 Fabiano Zancaner, I had a colleague in Catanduva who had the same name.
 I had a colleague, Inez Alki, answering you.
 We do hedging.
 We're always monitoring the total revenue of the products and the contribution margin.
 we monitor the cost and revenue.
 So when the number that we showed, almost 57% in soybean, that is not the cost.
 It's 50% of the volume of soybean produced in the case of corn, 56, the expected volume.
 content
 It's the total volume of cotton expected in relation to our budget, the best expectation of productivity.
 so hedging for us is
 Total volume projected.
 What is important to
 We have also receivables from farms, which is important for the company.
 and the receivables from farms
 are also in bags of soybeans.
 So all the receivables that mature in that year, they become part of the P&L of soybean to be sold.
 the producer can pay us based on soybean.
 Soybean so we consider the receivables from farms of the year in our analysis of
 of derivatives.
 And this analysis is also done every quarter by Gustavo based on future perspectives of receivables.
 So answering your question, we look at the number that you saw as a result of the estimate of production.
 and
 the policy for
 sees that we
 will be able to sell
 up to 50% of the harvest
 When we plant then we monitor
 the evolution
 of the crop, and we can get to 80% at the time of harvest, sale of 80%.
 So we're very strict
 in following this policy.
 Fabiano said that he is from Cataluva.
 Thank you.
 I had a great friend who graduated with me, Rodrigo Zancaner.
 Some questions concerning the market of land, the price of land.
 What does the company think in terms of acquisition of new areas, new sales?
 There is a question from Murilo.
 Then we have Eddard Kostrom.
 Questions on the price of land?
 And we're seeing a growth of almost 100% in the price of land.
 Do you believe that these higher prices will continue for land?
 Well, Muri Luader, first let's talk about how we think about this.
 We always say that we have to be an anti-cyclical company.
 Whenever it wants to sell, we buy.
 when everyone wants to buy
 we
 when everyone
 wants to sell Weibo.
 So we buy the acids that are ready.
 the farm that is producing sugarcane or producing soybean,
 they are
 are very similar to what you asked.
 This area due to the price of increase in commodities, also the price of land went.
 When you look at the other areas,
 pasture
 our areas to be
 transformed, we also see
 price increases, but not as
 as the soybean areas.
 soybean areas or multiples
 of the bag of
 soybean. If it's a bag of
 soybean is worth 70. It's a multiple.
 if it's worth 150
 it's x times 150
 That's the first point.
 So we believe that the price of land will be on a new level
 because we're not going to talk about soybean worth 70, 80.
 soybean wedding
 and you are much more smarter than we are.
 We believe that in the long term, we should have soybean around $11.
 dollars. We're talking
 about
 a balance
 as a result of tax adjustments.
 But the price should converge to a balance.
 this should come to about
 In terms of acquisition, we're very active.
 we have spent
 We have traveled a lot.
 We have many things in the radar with difference in relation to three years,
 were also selling at higher numbers than three years ago.
 we should have
 and efficient allocation
 we are doing everything
 to guarantee these
 This profitability, we have to be very good at buying and transforming the land.
 And with these new levels and the size of the land, we should be able to transform land more quickly
 and be able to guarantee good returns for investors.
 It's an excellent question.
 Prices have changed for purchase and sale.
 As I said, we're always buying farms that are not ready, that are not generating this interesting float with commodities.
 We always buy land that needs development, needs capex management, human capital to transform these areas.
 So there will always be opportunities.
 This is a very large market.
 kids, we must have discipline,
 resilience to do
 what we have done during the last 15
 years with a lot of resilience
 A lot of discipline
 So this is the message we have to all of you.
 Thank you, Andre.
 Grave question from Hernani Sikira.
 purchase of land, I believe
 Andre has
 answered. Now we have
 Two questions from John Wayne and Adair Castro concerning sugarcane.
 Do you believe that the prices of sugarcane should continue at high levels due to ethanol for decarbonization?
 How do you see this scenario?
 and answers a question in relation to sugarcane.
 he wants a guidance
 in relation to sugar cane
 for the next harvest.
 whether they will
 continue at our current levels
 Well, two excellent questions.
 I'd like to spend all afternoon.
 First, John, first we have...
 We have a clean energy, ethanol, not only ethanol as a source to substitute fossil fuels,
 but ethanol also for hybrid cars.
 We believe that if we migrate to an auto industry that wants to decarbonize decarbonization, we need a matrix that will generate fuel for electric cars.
 so we believe a lot that ethanol
 becomes
 fundamental what I'd like to say to John Brazil was a country that approved
 right now, in decarbonization, a new program, which is Renovabil.
 It's a government program.
 Genova BU is a state program
 that is here to be another
 source of revenue
 for producers of ethanol and to compensate the industry that produces fossil fuels.
 So I'm sure that ethanol will be more and more relevant.
 And I get sad when I see the world working for a more balanced situation and companies saying, oh, now it's better to buy gasoline instead of ethanol.
 We have to be, we have to decide what we want.
 Do we want less
 emissions, then
 ethanol will be
 important in this industry
 in the next few years.
 Edgar's question is very good. Why is it good? Because sugarcane is a crop with annual cycles.
 It is pluriannual.
 So the effects that we have in a harvest
 They continue until the next harvest.
 So, why do I say they continue?
 We have two large important effects in sugarcane and Brazilian production.
 We have the first, the intensity of the drought, so we had rainfall that stopped earlier, and we had important results.
 And the second, we had a second when we had severe cold in the south.
 The drought is known.
 it hurts but if
 the next year we have
 Rainfall within the average you can recover the great problem is that when we have cold weather
 when it happened in July August we had most of the sugar cane already harvested
 and planted, which is for the next harvest.
 So you can imagine the plant had used its reserves, and suddenly comes the cold, and it has to begin again.
 So our experience when this happens for any reason,
 due to fire
 or cold or
 we have an important
 up.
 because
 The plant used its energy.
 So I would say to you, next year, two scenarios.
 When optimistic, when pessimistic.
 And this is not from us.
 It's not from Andre or Gustavo.
 This is the pessimistic one.
 is 530 million tons
 and the optimistic
 550 due to these problems with frost and
 everything. So if you ask me,
 I believe in a year of favorable prices for sugar cane.
 For Brazilian production, we have to look, it's important to look outside Brazil,
 the production of
 sugar in India
 especially in India
 we're having a recovery
 a modest recovery in the production of sugar in India.
 And you can see this with the prices of pound per sugar in New York.
 I don't remember
 having seen
 sugarcane at 21 cents
 like we had a few months ago.
 So the scenario for next year, since it's a pluriannual crop, the impact we have this year will continue.
 next year, we will have
 low inventories of raw material, and that
 puts pressure on the price during the next year.
 Well, the next question comes from Anthony Gordon, Gena Group.
 As announced in the summit of COP26 last year, Brazil signed the treaty, an agreement for
 D.
 deforestation, ending deforestation by 2030.
 How will this affect our company?
 Anthony, good afternoon.
 and it's a great pleasure to talk to you.
 I believe it's important to understand
 what they proposed.
 Brazil, I believe what Brazil signed is our obligation, zero deforestation, illegal deforestation by 2030.
 This is what they sang.
 In other words, to zero illegal deforestation in Brazil.
 We're talking about illegal deforestation.
 Okay, let's look at us, independent, whether it's legal or illegal.
 We have few areas in our pipeline to be transformed, and all of them are savannah lands being transformed, in the Chaco that are being transformed, and we have the best expectations to finish this development by 2025.
 sued illegal
 before
 deforestation, yes, is what Brazil
 science, and
 every time
 we see these
 commitments
 And they become a reality for companies like ours, companies that have governance,
 companies that respect the environment, that have management,
 I believe it's even more decisive for us to take action.
 we
 Zoom
 the great
 One problem in Brazil
 is that
 There is
 illegal. Not in agribusiness.
 I would say
 illegal
 deforestation in the Amazon
 that is
 illegal government areas
 Indian reservations
 thank you Andre
 a question from
 Victor Pauli Talebanti
 concerning
 Can you talk about the technology projects in the field?
 How can 5G help?
 We will stay here until tomorrow.
 So I'll ask Andre to be, we have another question.
 Victor, excellent question.
 as Anna said
 I love this topic.
 I will give you some numbers from Embrapa.
 Brazil with investments of 4,500 antennas.
 Today, Brazil has a coverage of 5G 70-20%.
 With 4,500 new antennas, we will take 5G coverage to 50% of the agricultural.
 And with 15,000 antennas, which is not a very high investment, we take coverage of 5G around 80% of the areas in production in Brazil.
 I'll give you a number
 I will share with you a number from Imbrope.
 This first coverage
 around
 50% of the Brazilian agricultural area, that would be another 50, 60 billion reais from agriculture.
 if we can take this
 to 80%
 the estimates
 And, of course, we're talking about technology.
 we can get to numbers upwards of 110 billion reais generated to add to our
 GDP.
 So, Gustavo,
 and I are leading projects, the company has some
 units where we have coverage
 not all the farm but
 Not only 5g also other technologies
 biological connectivity linked to 5g innovation of many things many tools drones for monitoring
 many things that are being done in agro business
 and
 this whole
 represent the new
 green revolution that agribusiness can bring.
 The next question, Antonio Siqueira.
 concerning
 the measurement
 of
 ESG Policies in Brazil, Environment, Social, and Governance.
 Antonio.
 we here in the company
 we feel at ease
 to talk about ESG.
 I will look at the three letters when we talk about governance.
 were the first company in agribusiness to be listed in
 Novo Mercado, the
 elite companies in the stock
 market. The only one
 also listed in New York.
 also
 plus IDECO with more governance
 Even the SOX legislation.
 So when we look inside, we were born this way.
 It's in our DNA.
 when you talk about social
 for being in
 boundaries. We did a lot of this.
 We made many investments in social programs.
 When you take SAP to these regions, you have to train people, invest resources,
 and the company has invested a lot in social programs.
 We created the Brazil Agro Institute, and Apollo is the director of the institute.
 Should we invest 1.5% to 2% of our results in projects with focus on education in the regions where we are present?
 When we talk about the environment, the company had the capacity and the efficiency to manage the assets.
 It had to transform more than 135,000 hectares.
 You can see it.
 This is linked to conservation preservation.
 we have
 We have thousands of hectares of protected areas.
 And this, the environmental, these are the actions in the environment to preserve biodiversity.
 so I would say that
 agribusiness
 has everything to lead other sectors in terms of ESG.
 While we'd like to close, once again, thank you for participating.
 Andrei Gustavo
 and we will see you again in the next quarter.
 thank you
 Thank you, Ana. Thank you, Gustavo.
 Thank you, participants who were with us with many questions.
 We have the greatest number of questions.
 Very good questions, intelligent questions focused on our business model.
 thank you for your attention
 Once again, count on our team, team of people.
 we're showing the result of a team
 which has been doing
 good work, committed with
 the results of the company committed with the investors to the investors.
 We will continue, continue this way, delivering resilient results.
 Thank you.
 We wish you a good afternoon.
 noon.