Good afternoon. Welcome everyone to Brasilagos Q1 2022 Results Conference Call. Today I'm here with Ms. Andrea Montal and Mr. Gustavo Lopes, Administrative Offices and Investor Relations Officer. The company's year begins on July 1st, so that is why we are reporting Q1, the three months that ended on September 30th, 2021. Well, this transmission is being recorded. It is transmitted on our website and also on YouTube. And here we're talking about estimates and declarations concerning the business perspectives of the company's projections, operational goals based on our – now I would like to pass the floor to Ms. Andrea to begin our presentation. Ana, thank you. Thank you, Gustavo, to all of you who are here in our conference calls. It's a great pleasure to be sharing with you good news. Even before I arrived, I asked the team, gee, where are we going to have our bar? We're raising the bar. The results during this quarter are the same as the ones that we would celebrate as the year's results. So the company is on a new level. We have a better prepared company in terms of real estate and operations. It is a company that is totally different today. So we will begin with the highlights of our quarter. And then, as usual, we will be open to have our Q&A. Well, those who are sharing, let's begin with the first slide. Okay. The highlights that we bring here for Q1. As Ana reminded us very well, this is Q1, which began on July 1st. We had a net revenue of $378 million in this period. We had a net profit of $107.9 million and an adjusted bit of $190.6 million. The estimate for the harvest that we are ending, the numbers, 2.6 million tons of grains, cotton and sugarcane, 168,000 hectares in production. And now we have the excellent news that we gave in the last meetings of the company concerning the General Assembly on October 27th, the approval for a record dividend payment, $260 million in dividends for the previous year, 2.62 reais per share. So always bringing to the investor. Last year was a great investment if we consider the appraisal of our shares and also the size of the dividend that we are paying that will represent approximately 9% this year. 9%. Next slide. Well, in the highlights, in the last call or the call before last, we said we are sellers. We are working on purchases too. In the last call, we already had these two transactions in progress, the negotiations in progress. And during Q1, we finalized the sale of these two farms. I'd like to remind you, last year when we talked about $260 million in dividends, they are linked to an excellent operational result last year. And a small part of this came from the sale of farms, real estate. Here we already have relevant results from the sale of real estate. The first sale is Rio do Meio. Those who have been with us for a short time, this came from the acquisition that we made from AgriFirm. We acquired two farms, Vila do Meio and Rojadinha, and we're selling a third. This farm has approximately 8,000 hectares, and we're selling 2,800. We acquired this recently, January 2020. The value of the transaction, the NAB, this one third of the farm represents the value of the whole acquisition of the farm. So this shows the potential and of value generation that the company has in terms of real estate results. The second sale, the most important sale of the company, higher volume, 589 million reais. And also we told the market about a farm that we acquired in the past, in 2006, worth 10,000 per hectare. And now we're selling at 150, 160,000 per hectare. And I would like to mention two fundamental points for you. This sale will be recorded, both the first sale, Rio do Meio, and the second will be recorded in our accounting during the next quarter. And the sale of Alto Taquari has a different recording, different postings. We sold 2,700 hectares, and this sale of 2,700 hectares we will record in two moments. When we deliver, we will deliver 1,500 hectares initially, and we will record this part, this result on the 1,500 hectares. What will we do with the other 1,200 hectares? We will continue exploring. It has sugar cane. We will continue until the harvest of 2023, and then we will deliver the second part, and then we will record the sale. So this is how we do our accounting. Next slide, please. Well, what I'd like to say here, two points. First, the company's capacity to increase its operational area, even being a very efficient company in terms of the sale of real estate. So if we look year after year, we have a growth of 10 percent of the cultivated area, planted area, and this comes from our own land, leased land, development of land. That shows to you investors, those who follow us, the capacity to increase more and more operational results in an efficient way and in a safe way. The graph also beside you shows the breakdown of the types of crops. I'd like to call your attention. Basically, in the harvest 21-22, we are increasing the cultivated area of winter crop for corn, corn winter crop. Later on, we will talk about prices. So we see an optimistic scenario for winter corn. And also, more and more, maintaining products that have more added value, maintaining the areas with beans. Well, here we have a summary we will grow in production. Here we see 2021 and what we're estimating for 2022 harvest. Soybean, an important increase from 173,000 tons to 196,000 tons. Winter corn, the most important leaf. Some areas were intensifying the planting of corn because of the prices that you are following. So corn winter crop. Here we see also in other areas in Bahia, for example. And here we see an overlap of winter corn and corn. And here we can continue seeing the numbers. We have the crop. We had some drought in Mato Grosso and in the northeast. So the winter crop has an increase, but it does not refer to the area. It refers to a recovery or maintenance of our normal results. When we look year after year, when we look total growth in production, we went from 287 to 398,000 tons. Last column. Well, this is a thermometer. This is a new slide. Ana Paula prepared this. It's very good to show first on the graph below. Here, the graph below represents the ideal window for planting. This is a picture of the company. We would like to remind you that these numbers are from Friday. So we can see here the amount planted. Also another point, we have operations in Mato Grosso.

Part of the plant with soybean is in the northeast. It is a window that is different from Mato Grosso. And there we are also seeing the results from Xingu. We will continue. And we can see here the results soybean, corn, cotton and beans. In the harvest 2021-2022. We can also see here 2021 and 22 harvest year in cattle raising. We can see here cattle heads, pasture and ADG. So beans. We have some of the results written by you. Next please. Well here sugar cane. I would like to say that we have we see a great evolution in the number. You can see here the production in thousands of tons. And the number of hectares for sugar cane. Then the harvest area and the number of tons. Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugar cane. Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugar cane. Sugar cane was not affected by the drought. We have irrigation through our agreement with Agrocera. And in the case of the Midwest it is not irrigated but the risk is much smaller. So when we looked at Brasil Agro and Brazil in sugar cane we have almost 580, 590 which is and we see the harvest at the end of now with 520,000 tons. The company had a drop. We can also see here 2021 and 22 harvest year in cattle raising. We can see here cattle heads, pasture and ADG. So beans. We have some of the results written by you. Next please. Well here sugar cane. I would like to say that we have we see a great evolution in the number. You can see here the production in thousands of tons. And the number of hectares for sugar cane. Then the harvest area and the number of tons. Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugar cane. Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugar cane. Sugar cane was not affected by the drought. We have irrigation through our agreement with Agrocera. And in the case of the Midwest it is not irrigated but the risk is much smaller. So when we looked at Brasil Agro and Brazil in sugar cane we have almost 580, 590 which is and we see the harvest at the end of now with 520,000 tons. The company had a drop. We can also see here 2021 and 22 harvest year in cattle raising. We can see here cattle heads, pasture and ADG. So beans. We have some of the results written by you. Next please. Well here sugar cane. I would like to say that we have we see a great evolution in the number. You can see here the production in thousands of tons. And the number of hectares for sugar cane. Then the harvest area and the number of tons. Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugar cane. Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugar cane. Sugar cane was not affected by the drought. We have irrigation through our agreement with Agrocera. And in the case of the Midwest it is not irrigated but the risk is much smaller. So when we looked at Brasil Agro and Brazil in sugar cane we have almost 580, 590 which is and we see the harvest at the end of now with 520,000 tons. The company had a drop. We can also see here 2021 and 22 harvest year in cattle raising. We can see here cattle heads, pasture and ADG. So beans. We have some of the results written by you. Next please. Well here sugar cane. I would like to say that we have we see a great evolution in the number. You can see here the production in thousands of tons. And the number of hectares for sugar cane. Then the harvest area and the number of tons. Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugar cane. Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugar cane. Sugar cane was not affected by the drought. We have irrigation through our agreement with Agrocera. And in the case of the Midwest it is not irrigated but the risk is much smaller. So when we looked at Brasil Agro and Brazil in sugar cane we have almost 580, 590 which is and we see the harvest at the end of now with 520,000 tons. The company had a drop. We can also see here 2021 and 22 harvest year in cattle raising. We can see here cattle heads, pasture and ADG. So beans. We have some of the results written by you. Next please. Well here sugar cane. I would like to say that we have we see a great evolution in the number. You can see here the production in thousands of tons. And the number of hectares for sugar cane. Then the harvest area and the number of tons. Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugar cane. Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugar cane. Sugar cane was not affected by the drought. We have irrigation through our agreement with Agrocera. And in the case of the Midwest it is not irrigated but the risk is much smaller. So when we looked at Brasil Agro and Brazil in sugar cane we have almost 580, 590 which is and we see the harvest at the end of now with 520,000 tons. The company had a drop. We can also see here 2021 and 22 harvest year in cattle raising. We can see here cattle heads, pasture and ADG. So beans. We have some of the results written by you. Next please. Well here sugar cane. I would like to say that we have we see a great evolution in the number. You can see here the production in thousands of tons. And the number of hectares for sugar cane. Then the harvest area and the number of tons. Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugar cane. Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugar cane. Sugar cane was not affected by the drought. We have irrigation through our agreement with Agrocera. And in the case of the Midwest it is not irrigated but the risk is much smaller. So when we looked at Brasil Agro and Brazil in sugar cane we have almost 580, 590 which is and we see the harvest at the end of now with 520,000 tons. The company had a drop. We can also see here 2021 and 22 harvest year in cattle raising. We can see here cattle heads, pasture and ADG. So beans. We have some of the results written by you. Next please. Well here sugar cane. I would like to say that we have we see a great evolution in the number. You can see here the production in thousands of tons. And the number of hectares for sugar cane. Then the harvest area and the number of tons. Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugar cane. Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugar cane. Sugar cane was not affected by the drought. We have irrigation through our agreement with Agrocera. And in the case of the Midwest it is not irrigated but the risk is much smaller. So when we looked at Brasil Agro and Brazil in sugar cane we have almost 580, 590 which is and we see the harvest at the end of now with 520,000 tons. The company had a drop. We can also see here 2021 and 22 harvest year in cattle raising. We can see here cattle heads, pasture and ADG. So beans. We have some of the results written by you. Next please. Well here sugar cane. I would like to say that we have we see a great evolution in the number. You can see here the production in thousands of tons. And the number of hectares for sugar cane. Then the harvest area and the number of tons. Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugar cane. Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugar cane. Sugar cane was not affected by the drought. We have irrigation through our agreement with Agrocera. And in the case of the Midwest it is not irrigated but the risk is much smaller. So when we looked at Brasil Agro and Brazil in sugar cane we have almost 580, 590 which is and we see the harvest at the end of now with 520,000 tons. The company had a drop. We can also see here 2021 and 22 harvest year in cattle raising. We can see here cattle heads, pasture and ADG. So beans. We have some of the results written by you. Next please. Well here sugar cane. I would like to say that we have we see a great evolution in the number. You can see here the production in thousands of tons. And the number of hectares for sugar cane. Then the harvest area and the number of tons. Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugar cane. Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugar cane. Sugar cane was not affected by the drought. We have irrigation through our agreement with Agrocera. And in the case of the Midwest it is not irrigated but the risk is much smaller. So when we looked at Brasil Agro and Brazil in sugar cane we have almost 580, 590 which is and we see the harvest at the end of now with 520,000 tons. The company had a drop. We can also see here 2021 and 22 harvest year in cattle raising. We can see here cattle heads, pasture and ADG. So beans. We have some of the results written by you. Next please. Well here sugar cane. I would

190 million reais. Last year we had a sale and this year we're expecting for next quarter to record the sale of Rio do Meio farm and parts of the second farm as Andre mentioned. On the next page here the highlight is the 190 million reais. We see adjusted EBITDA here last year. Here we see the price of sugar cane which almost doubled. Last year we had 68 reais per kilogram. Now it's 130, 135 reminding you that there is an expectation in the market to close at 196, 195 and we have a premium of 20% in the contract with São José. The weight of sugar cane this year from sugar cane will be much higher than before. Reminding you in the case of soybean and cotton we're selling the inventory of the harvest that we collected recently and with prices in soybean 45% higher and in the case of corn 32%. So we reinforce we're expecting an EBITDA that will be very similar to that of June 30 last year but the impact in the price of sugar cane will provoke a significant increase. On the next page we can see here the company's numbers. We continue with a year-end report that is stable, strong. We see here assets 4.1%. Also in the company's cash on September 30 it had an increase in relation to June 30 because we're selling the inventory of soybean and corn. It's important to say that accounts receivable short-term, long-term 400 million reais due to the sale of farms. Here we're including receivables of the new farms that we sold and we will record in the next quarter. We see also property for investment, the company's farms 1 billion reais. And we see cash, total indebtedness and we will see more details on the next page. Well here we see in terms of short-term 325 million reais short-term debt, long-term 300 million reais, total 626 million reais, 5% lower than on June 30. Here one objective we had in the past that we mentioned to you to have a longer debt, 240 million we have for 5 years and 300 million reais which is what we need to plant and the company's operation. So this we are working to renew these debts. When we consider the gross debts, adjusted gross debt or net gross debt, in net gross debt we see it's negative but we expect to make some investments especially in purchasing farms, transformation of areas that we have in the land bank. And we will be very careful with the company's cash but during these times of volatility we know but we're trying instruments to maintain the company's numbers, the company's debts at reasonable levels. Here we have the cost 8.5% if we consider the future curves and interest rates. On the next page here we like to say that the General Assembly approved the payment of 260 million reais in dividends. We will pay on the 10th, after tomorrow, November 10th, after tomorrow. And here I'd like to stress that although we don't have a clear dividend policy the objective of the company is to have a dividend yield of 5, 5.3%. So this is what we will have as a goal. On the next page we will see net asset value 3.2 million reais. Here this is the cost. These are the numbers. These numbers reflect the cost, the value of the property in the company with an internal evaluation lower than that of Deloitte's evaluation. Deloitte had said 3.4 billion reais. We also always consider our evaluation. We see that the net value of the company 4.3, 4.4 billion reais. And with the number of shares 42.75 reais per share. So once again we'd like to talk about the great potential for upside and we invite you to continue to invest in our company. On the next page, the last slide, we see an evolution of the stock market and our share, AGRO3, on November 4th. Here we show the performance of the company. So this is the market is booming for agribusiness and the company too with positive results. So we believe that our company is an excellent opportunity for investments. We thank you for participating and now we will go on to the Q&A session. Well, reminding you if you have a question please through the webcast in writing. We're receiving the questions here and I will read them. The first question, Carlos Herrera, what is the difference between NAB and price of shares? 68%. Do you see opportunities to buy back shares? Carlos, looking, of course, we have an important gap but we have worked to increase the shareholder base, to increase the free float of the company. I'd like to remind you, before the pre-follow-on, we traded 1 to 2 million and since the follow-on, 25 to 30 million are being traded every day. We monitor this and when we believe this will make sense, yes, we will approve that through the council of the company, the company's council. Today, we consider our evaluation of the properties. It's as if it were worth 1.5 billion and we know we have a portfolio of 3.4 billion. So we are now having the farms that are the cheapest in the Brazilian market. We're looking to see if there are opportunities to launch a new program, maybe not with such high volumes but we might buy back shares to show to the market the value of the shares. Also, Carlos, the resources that we're raising with the sale of farms, how will we use these resources? Will it be

used to pay dividends, the sale of farms? Carlos, a good question. It's important to stress the company in the sale of farms. We have a lower cost of capital than the producer, so we can finance the transaction. So in purchases, we're more aggressive with cash purchases because we have a cost of capital that makes sense. So I would say to you that first, it's important to stress these sales were made with a duration of 2.5 in one transaction, 2.9 in the other, approximately 2.5, 2.6. So the revenue from these transactions, I'd like to stress the sale of Taquari was made in two times. It will be recorded in two instances. We should record $330 million during this year and the remainder, the $590 million, only in 2024. And the sale of Rio de Janeiro should also be recorded during this year, but it is also sold in installments. So I joke, we buy with down payments cash and we sell in installments. This will give us a result. Gustavo showed us how we're showing the results of Q1 with higher prices, better results, and different from last year, right, Carlos? Last year, we had very few sales of real estate in the company's results. So the company will be aggressive once again due to the results we will have. And I always say, with good opportunities, we will buy farms. Without good opportunities or limited opportunities, we will be aggressive in distributing dividends to our shareholders. But we should have an even more robust result than last year. Thank you, Carlos. We also had a question from Damien in line with the previous question concerning the buyback of shares. So I believe we have already answered now Vitor Saragiotto, Credit Suisse. He says congratulations for the results and many concerns in relation to the price of fertilizer that went up during the last months. So do you have delays in the delivery of fertilizer for this harvest? No. I was in Xingu this week. I came back on Saturday. It's a pity that it's not live. We were there. We went to visit large areas of the region. We were very happy with what we saw. So we had operations left. We went to look at new areas for acquisitions. And you did not go with me. We're always inviting you to go with us to Xingu. But going back to your question, we are following the price of fertilizer. I believe it's very important to see the results, how things are happening. The fertilizer industry, phosphate or nitrogen, most of it is born from natural gas. You produce natural gas. I also said this. He said you have to produce also from nitrogen, urea. And with nitrogen, urea or ammonia and natural gas, this is the raw material for phosphate-based fertilizer. So being frank, we don't believe in a price drop for fertilizers in the next six months. Why six months? Because we are now at a time of greater consumption of natural gas in the world due to the winter in the northern hemisphere. So in December, January, we have the highest consumption of natural gas for heating homes. So we have a competitor. This always happens every year. And now we have very high prices for natural gas. You can see the prices, the price of natural gas. But in Europe too, the price of natural gas went up 208% in the last six months. So it's fundamental to see this industry in this way. The fertilizer industry on a global level has raw materials. I know that many potassium plants will begin producing, phosphate plants will begin producing. And in terms of nitrogen, we have this great concern with gas, which has a direct effect. So the way we see it, Victor, there will be an impact, an important impact for Brazil in terms of the second crop, the winter crop, same for Brazil. We're projecting this in our numbers, an important impact for the second crop. For the previous one, we have all the fertilizer bought. So we have a crop with the previous prices, but they will go up. It's important to see when we look at the price of last year, the price of sales for this harvest, we're expecting very positive margins for us. The great question in the market is what will happen in the future from now on. We're looking at fertilizer, but also agrochemicals with increases in U.S. currency. We're talking about increases in dollars, 10% to 15% depending on the chemical. So we have to be careful. There are many consequences for the increase in prices in chemicals. Fertilizer is based on the increase in the price of natural gas. So this is for the harvest 22, 23. We're already monitoring this, Victor. And as I always say, when we believe that there is something to do, we are making decisions. Fertilizers, nothing yet, but agrochemicals, yes. We already have a strategy. In terms of logistics, no problems until now. Gustavo reminded us we put pressure for delivery until now, no problems, no lack of fertilizer. All our fertilizers that was planted from October to December is already in our properties. Winter crop, we bought most of it. There is a part in nitrogen to buy, but phosphate, I was looking this week and I said, why so much fertilizers here? And they said, no, this is the fertilizer for the winter crop. We're receiving fertilizer for the winter crop. Well, in line with Victor's question, Henrique from Vitite Pactual asked concerning the cost of production. The company's estimates for 21, 22 show important increases in the cost for the main crops. Please comment on how you expect this will impact the profitability this year. And now we know the price of commodities is favorable. Do you believe there will be a risk for this harvest or next? I believe Andrea has already answered these questions. And the next question, Leonardo Alencar, she spoke about investments. First, he says congratulations for the results. Thank you. I believe you have the harvest for soybean and the winter crop for corn. I believe you have bought the fertilizer. How about the future fertilizer for 22, 23? Have you bought the fertilizer? What is your vision concerning the fertilizer market? Andrea has already answered all these questions from Leonardo. And the next question, I believe that in this question, I'd like to say, this is it. We have two concerns. We have the sugarcane harvest that begins in April, May with nitrogen fertilizers. Our perspective, as we said, the base industry, the base raw material is natural gas. We don't believe in a drop in natural gas, especially now with the cold season in the northern hemisphere. The way we see it, after winter in the northern hemisphere with more natural gas available, at the end of the first semester next year, beginning of the second semester 2022, we can expect a drop in the price of fertilizers, especially nitrogen and phosphates. The next question, Flavio Bica. Congratulations for the results. Could you tell us more about rainfall in the various farms? Flavio, thank you for the question. It's a great pleasure to talk to you. I would say the following. This year, the behavior is much better than last year. You can see, you follow us, not only the company, but all the market information.

Mato Grosso, as I said, is finishing the planting. Last year we had a lot of problems in the state of Mato Grosso. During the planting season, a lot of complexity. You heard me talking about replanting in Mato Grosso, in the press, in the company or even in other companies. No one is talking about this this year because it's not happening. The climate is well with a good window, a good distribution. And the good news is that the region in Mapitu also has good rainfall. Rainfall began a little earlier. We have a lot of soybeans planted in Marial, Piauí, Bahia too. Things that we know that historically these are regions we have rainfall in Mapitu in November and this year already in October. So in terms of Brazil, when we talk about the situation, this is it. Now in the long term, things are positive. We have a year that is La Niña and this allows us a good distribution of rainfall in Mapitu within average in the Midwest. And we're always concerned with the south of Brazil. When we talk about the south of Brazil, so talking about Brazil, our concern this year is Paraguay. Paraguay, we had good rain, but we know that we begin to plant in the end of November. We have good rainfall, but we're always looking at the climate in Paraguay, the rainfall in Paraguay. We reduced the exposure in Paraguay to new areas. Areas where we have coverage, where we have been working for a long time, we will continue planting, respecting and planting in a defensive way. But we're concerned with Paraguay and we're also concerned with the south of Brazil. And also Argentinians should also be concerned with their climate. In Bolivia, the climate is normal. We're beginning, we began 15 days ago, the second harvest for soybean. The winter crop for soybean is more representative than the previous. So we're beginning and the rainfall in Bolivia is within the average in April, May. We have a little bit of stress, but now rainfall is normal in Bolivia. There we have a lot of sugar cane. So Flavio, in a nutshell, the company is doing very well. All of Brazil, Midwest and upwards. And we have a concern with Paraguay and the south of Brazil. The forecast for the year is good in these regions, with the exception of the south and Paraguay. Well, the next question comes from Walter. Bearing in mind the taxes on dividends, do you intend to anticipate dividends for 2021, 2022? The government intends to charge income tax. We have no forecast, but we're looking at the reforms from the government. We're prepared. The company is prepared for this taxation of dividends as the government wants to do. This received a lot of attention when we saw the tax reform being prepared. The company is prepared if this actually happens. If this reduces the profitability for the investors. We're looking at the tax reform. Well, the next question comes from Adrian Pattinson. Concerning fertilizers and chemicals, how much was spent in 2021 and what is the cost for 2022? Well, here we can talk about percentages without looking at each product. Gustavo helped me with the numbers. Now, last year we had a cost of production in soybean, $2,600 to $2,800 depending on the region. This year, $3,200 to $3,400. There are different farms regions where you have differences, but this is it. In the case of corn, help me with corn. $3,800 last year, $2,800. Corn has a higher cost. It uses more fertilizer and it also uses more fertilizers with nitrogen. These were the ones that have the highest price increases. So, cotton suffers twice. Now, in relation to agrochemicals, in the harvest 2021-2022, we had no expressive differences in US dollars. We had problems with the exchange rate. When I mentioned previously an increase 10 to 15 percent in dollars, this is for the harvest 2022-2023. This is a forecast for the next harvest, not this harvest that we're planting now. We're talking about 2022-2023. We're estimating a possible increase in the price of agrochemicals due to many points. Natural gas, environmental restrictions, ocean freight that had high increases. And we know that the chemical molecules in Brazil, the finished products are imported in containers, ocean freight, and this issue of containers, lack of containers that you see, lack of containers that came from China to America for $1,400, now $18,000. So, we begin to have important increases. I'm sure that industry will raise their prices for us. As Andre mentioned, in the harvest 2020 and 2021, we had approximately an increase roughly 15 to 20 percent in soybean and 30 percent in corn. For the next, also 23, 25 percent per soybean increase. Why? Because we were able to buy in advance. We also made payments when the U.S. currency was around 5 reais to a dollar. Now, we have the winter crop. We took more time to buy this in. We're expecting an increase of 70 percent in relation to last year. Why are we making this decision? Last year, in Xingu, we had an expectation of sales 35, 36 reais per bag. Today, we're selling in an anticipated way around 60, 65 reais per bag. So, in terms of margin, they are similar or even better than the increase of the price of fertilizer. Also, in relation to production costs, a question from Rafael Sommer-Lobos concerning the price of inputs for sugarcane. A greater price. I will answer this, Rafael. So, last year, this year, we began to include the cost of leasing in sugarcane. If you purge this effect, which was not considered last year, the increase is very similar to the other crops, 30 percent, around 30 percent. Later on, I can give you the details, but approximately 1,000 reais more in the production price of sugarcane due to the leasing rental of the farms. The next question, Fabiano Zancaner. Does the company have a hedging policy for contribution margin? The hedge is done at cost or do you hedge 100 percent? Fabiano Zancaner. I had a colleague in Cataluva who had the same name. I had a colleague in Exalc answering you. We do hedging. We're always monitoring the total revenue of the product. And the contribution margin, we monitor the cost and revenue. So, when the number that we showed, almost 57 percent in soybean, that is not the cost. It's 50 percent of the volume of soybean produced. In the case of corn, 56, the expected volume. Cotton, it's the total volume of cotton expected. In relation to our budget, the best expectation of profit.

So hedging for us is total volume projected. What is important too, we have also receivables from farms, which is important for the company. And the receivables from farms are also in bags of soybean. So all the receivables that mature in that year, they become part of the P&L of soybean to be sold. The producer can pay us based on soybean. So we consider the receivables from farms of the year in our analysis of derivatives. And this analysis is also done every quarter by Gustavo based on future perspectives of receivables. So answering your question, we look at the number that you saw as a result of the estimates of production. And the policy foresees that we will be able to sell up to 50% of the harvest when we plant. Then we monitor the evolution of the crop and we can get to 80% at the time of harvest, sale of 80%. So we're very strict in following this policy. Fabiano said that he is from Cataluva. Thank you. I had a great friend who graduated with me, Rodrigo Zancaner. Some questions concerning the market of land, the price of land. What does the company think in terms of acquisition of new areas, new sales? There is a question from Murilo. Then we have Eder Castro. Questions on the price of land. And we're seeing the growth of almost 100% in the price of land. Do you believe that the higher prices will continue for land? Well, Murilo Eder, first let's talk about how we think about this. We always say that we have to be an anti-cyclical company. Whenever one wants to sell, we buy. Whenever one wants to buy, whenever one wants to sell, we buy. So we buy the assets that are ready, the farm that is producing sugar cane or producing soybean. They are very similar to what you asked. This area, due to the price of increase in commodities, also the price of land went up. When you look at the other areas, pasture, areas to be transformed, we also see price increases, but not as strong as the soybean areas. Soybean areas are multiples of the bag of soybean. If the bag of soybean is worth 70, it's a multiple. If it's worth 150, it's X times 150. That's the first point. So we believe that the price of land will be on a new level because we're not going to talk about soybean worth 70, 80. Soybean went... And you are much smarter than we are. We believe that in the long term, we should have soybean around $11. We're talking about a balance as a result of tax adjustments. But the price should converge to a balance. This should come to a balance. In terms of acquisition, we're very active. We have spent... We have traveled a lot. We have many things in the radar with different... In relation to three years, we're also selling at higher numbers than three years ago. We should have an efficient allocation. We are doing everything to guarantee this profitability. We have to be very good at buying and transforming the land. And with these new levels and the size of the land, we should be able to transform land more quickly and be able to guarantee good returns for investors. It's an excellent question. Prices have changed for purchase and sale. As I said, we're always buying farms that are not ready, that are not generating this interesting flow with commodities. We always buy land that needs development, needs capex, management, human capital to transform these areas. So there will always be opportunities. This is a very large market. We must have discipline, resilience to do what we have done during the last 15 years with a lot of resilience, a lot of discipline. So this is the message we have to all of you. Thank you. And great question from Hernani Siqueira, purchase of land. I believe Andre has answered. Now we have two questions from John Wayne and Eder Castro concerning sugar cane. Do you believe that the prices of sugar cane should continue at high levels due to ethanol for decarbonization? How do you see this scenario? And Eder's question in relation to sugar cane. He wants a guidance in relation to sugar cane for the next harvest, whether they will continue at current levels. Well, two excellent questions. I'd like to spend all afternoon. First, John. First, we have a clean energy, ethanol. Not only ethanol as a source to substitute fossil fuels, but ethanol also for hybrid cars. We believe that if we migrate to an auto industry that wants to decarbonize, we need a matrix that will generate fuel for electric cars. So we believe a lot that ethanol becomes fundamental. What I'd like to say to you, John, Brazil was a country that approved right now in decarbonization a new program which is Renovabil. It's a government program. Renovabil is a state program that is here to be another source of revenue for producers of ethanol and to compensate the industry that produces fossil fuels. So I'm sure that ethanol will be more and more relevant. I get sad when I see the world working for a more balanced situation and companies saying, oh, now it's better to buy gasoline instead of ethanol. We have to decide what we want. Do we want less emissions? Then ethanol will be important in this industry in the next few years. Edgar's question is very good. Why is it good? Because sugar cane is a crop with annual cycles. It is pluriannual. So the effects that we have in a harvest, they continue until the next harvest. So why do I say they continue? We have two large important effects in sugar cane and Brazilian production. We have the first, the intensity of the drought. So we had rainfall that stopped earlier and we had important results. And the second, we had a second when we had severe cold in the south. The drought is known. It hurts, but if the next year we have rainfall within the average, you can recover. The great problem is that when we have cold weather, when it happened in July, August, we had most of the sugar cane already harvested and planted, which is for the next harvest. So you can imagine the planted used its reserves and suddenly comes the cold and it has to begin again. So our experience when this happens for any reason, due to fire or cold or we have an important drop because the plant uses its energy. So I would say to you, next year, two scenarios, one optimistic, one pessimistic. And this is not from us. It's not from Andre or Gustavo. This is the pessimistic one is 530 million tons and the optimistic 550 due to these problems with frost and everything. So if you ask me, I believe in a year of favorable prices for sugar cane. For Brazilian production.

we have to look, it's important to look outside Brazil, the production of sugar in India, especially in India. We're having a recovery, a modest recovery in the production of sugar in India. And you can see this with the prices of pounds per sugar in New York. I don't remember having seen sugar cane at 21 cents like we had a few months ago. So the scenario for next year, since it's a plurianual crop, the impact we have this year will continue next year. We will have low inventories of raw material, and that puts pressure on the price during the next year. Well, the next question comes from Anthony Gordon, Genaro Group. As announced in the summit of COP26 last year, Brazil signed a treaty, an agreement for deforestation, ending deforestation by 2030. How will this affect our company? Anthony, good afternoon. It's a great pleasure to talk to you. I believe it's important to understand what they proposed. Brazil, I believe what Brazil signed is our obligation, zero deforestation, illegal deforestation by 2030. This is what they signed. In other words, to zero illegal deforestation in Brazil. We're talking about illegal deforestation. Okay, let's look at us. Independent whether it's legal or illegal, we have a few areas in our pipeline to be transformed, and all of them are savannah lands being transformed in the chaco that are being transformed. And we have the best expectations to finish this development by 2025. So, the legal deforestation, yes, is what Brazil signed. And every time we see these commitments and they become a reality for companies like ours, companies that have governance, companies that respect the environment, that have management, I believe it's even more decisive for us to take action. So, the great one problem in Brazil is that there is illegal, not in agribusiness, I would say, illegal deforestation in the Amazon that is illegal. Government areas, Indian reservations. Thank you, André. Question from Victor Paulo Talibante concerning, can you talk about the technology projects in the field? How can 5G help? We will stay here until tomorrow. So, I'll ask André to be, we have another question. Victor, excellent question. As Anna said, I love this topic. I will give you some numbers from Embrapa. Brazil, with investments of 4,500 antennas. Today, Brazil has a coverage of 5G, 70 to 20%. With 4,500 new antennas, we will take 5G coverage to 50% of the agricultural, with 15,000 antennas, which is not a very high investment. We take coverage of 5G around 80% of the areas in production in Brazil. I'll give you a number. I will share with you a number from Embrapa. This first coverage around 50% of the Brazilian agricultural area. That would be another 50, 60 billion reais from agriculture. If we can take this to 80%, the estimates, then of course we're talking about technology. We can get to numbers upwards of 110 billion reais generated to our GDP. So, Gustavo and I are leading projects. The company has some units where we have coverage, not all the farm, but not only 5G. Also other technologies, biological connectivity linked to 5G, innovation of many things, many tools, drones for monitoring, many things that are being done in agribusiness. And this will represent the new green revolution that agribusiness can bring. So next question, Antonio Siqueira, concerning the measurement of ESG policies in Brazil, environment, social and governance. Antonio, we here in the company, we feel at ease to talk about ESG. I will look at the three letters. When we talk about governance, we're the first company in agribusiness to be listed in Novo Mercado, the elite companies in the stock market. The only one also listed in New York, also plus IDECO with more governance, even the SOX legislation. So when we look inside, we were born this way. It's in our DNA. When you talk about social, for being in boundaries, we did a lot of this. We made many investments in social programs. When you take SAP to these regions, you have to train people, invest resources, and the company has invested a lot in social programs. We created the Brazil Agro Institute, and Apollo is the director of the institute. We invest 1.5% to 2% of our results in projects with focus on education in the regions where we are present. When we talk about the environment, the company had the capacity and the efficiency to manage the assets. It had to transform more than 135,000 hectares. You can see this is linked to conservation, preservation. We have thousands of hectares of protected areas. And this, the environmental, these are the actions in the environment to preserve biodiversity. So I would say that agribusiness has everything to lead other sectors in terms of ESG. Well, we'd like to close. Once again, thank you for participating, André, Gustavo, and we will see you again in the next quarter. Thank you. Thank you, Ana. Thank you, Gustavo. Thank you, participants who were with us with many questions. We had the greatest number of questions, very good questions, intelligent questions, focused on our business model. Thank you for your attention. Once again, count on our team, team of people who are showing the result of a team which has been doing good work, committed with the results of the company, committed with the investors, to the investors. We will continue, continue this way, delivering resilient results. Thank you. We wish you a good afternoon.

