 Good afternoon.
 Welcome everyone to Brasilagos Q1 2022 Results Conference Call.
 Today I'm here with Mr. Andre Gio Monsillo and Mr. Gustavo Lopez, Administrative Opses
 an investor relations officer. The company's year begins on July 1st, so that is why we are reporting Q1
 the three months that ended on September 30th, 2021.
 Well, this transmission is being recorded.
 It is transmitted in either our website and also on YouTube and here we're talking about
 estimates and declarations.
 concerning the business perspectives
 the companies, projections, operational goals based on our, now I would like to pass the
 forward to Mr. Andre to begin our presentation.
 Anna, thank you.
 Thank you, Gustavo, to all of you who are here in our conference calls.
 It's a great pleasure to be sharing with you.
 Good news, even before I arrived, I asked the team, gee, where are we going to have our
 bar, we're raising the bar, the results during this quarter would are the same as the ones
 that we would celebrate as the year's result so the company is on a new level.
 We have a better prepared company in terms of real estate and operations.
 It is a company that is...
 ...
 is totally different today.
 So we will begin with the highlights of our quarter.
 And then, as usual, we will be open to have our Q&A.
 Well, those who are sharing, let's begin with the first slide.
 Next slide.
 Okay, the highlights that we bring here for Q1, as Anna reminded us very well, this is
 Q1 which began on July 1st. We had a net revenue of 378 million in this period. We had a net
 profit of 107.9 million and an adjusted a bit of 190.6 million.
 The estimate for the harvest that we are ending, the numbers, 2.6 million tons of grains,
 cotton and sugarcane?
 168,000 hectares in production.
 And now, we have the excellent news that we gave in the last meetings of the company
 concerning the General Assembly on October 27th, the approval for a record dividend payment.
 260 million in dividends for the previous year.
 2.62 Reis per share. So always bringing to the investor last year was a great
 investment if we consider the appraisal of our shares and also the size of the
 the dividend that we are paying that will represent approximately 9% this year.
 percent next slide.
 well in the highlights in the last call or the call before last we said we are
 We are sellers
 We are working on purchases, too
 in the last call, we already had these two transactions in progress, the negotiations
 in progress. And during Q1, we finalized the sale of these two farms. I'd like to remind
 you last year when we talk about 260 million in dividends they are they are
 linked to an excellent operational result last year and a small part of this came from
 the sale of farms, real estate.
 Here, we already have relevant results from the sale of real estate.
 The first sale is Rio Domeio, those who have been with us for a short time.
 This came from the acquisition that we made from Agri-Furman.
 acquired two farms, Villa Domaine Rochadinha, and we're selling a third.
 This farm has approximately 8,000 hectares and we're selling 2,800.
 We acquired this recently, January 2020, the value of the transaction.
 The NAB, this one-third of the farm represents the value of the whole acquisition of the farm.
 So this shows the potential and of value generation
 that the company has in terms of real estate results.
 the second sale
 the most important sale of the company.
 company, higher volume, 589 million reais, and also we told the market about a farm
 that we acquired in the past, in 2006, worth 10,000 per hectare, and now we're selling
 at 150, 160,000 per hectare.
 And I would like to mention two fundamental points.
 The sale will be recorded, both the first sale Rio de Mayo and the second will be recorded in our accounting during the next quarter.
 And the sale of Alto Taquari has a different recording, different postings.
 We sold 2,700 hectares, and this sale of 2,700 hectares we will record in two moments.
 When we deliver, we will deliver 1,500 hectares initially, and we will record this part.
 This results on the 1,500 hectares.
 What will we do with the other 1200 hectares?
 We will continue exploring.
 it has sugar cane
 We will continue until the harvest of 2023, and then we will deliver the second part,
 And then we will record the sale.
 So this is how we do our accounting.
 Next slide please.
 Well, what I'd like to say here, two points.
 First, the company's capacity to increase its operational area, even being a very efficient
 company in terms of the sale of real estate.
 So if we look year after year, we have a growth of 10% of the cultivated area, planted area.
 And this comes from our own land, least land, development of land, but choose to you investors,
 those who follow us, the capacity to increase more and more operational
 results in an efficient way and in a safe way.
 the graph also beside you shows the breakdown of the types of crops I'd like to call your
 attention, basically in the harvest 21-22, we are increasing the cultivated area of winter
 crop for corn, corn winter crop, later on we will talk about prices, so we see an
 optimistic scenario for winter corn and also more and more maintaining products
 that have more added value, maintaining the areas with beans.
 Well, here we have a summary we will grow in production.
 Here we see 2021 and what we're estimating for 2022 harvest.
 soybean and important increase
 from 173,000 tons, 196,000 tons.
 Winter corn, the most important leap, some areas were intensifying the planting of corn
 because of the prices that you are following?
 Soup, corn, winter crop.
 Here we see, also, in other areas in Bahia, for example.
 And here we see an overlap of winter, corn, and corn.
 And here we can continue seeing the numbers.
 We have the crop, we had some droughts in Mato Grosso and in the northeast, so the winter
 Crop has an increase, but it does not refer to the area.
 It refers to a recovery or maintenance of our normal results.
 When we look year after year, when we look total growth in production, we went from 287 to 398,000 tons.
 last column
 well
 This is a thermometer, this is a new slide, and Apollo prepare this, it's very good to
 to show first on the graph below. Here, the graph below represents the ideal window for
 planting. This is a picture of the company would like to remind you that these numbers
 are from Friday, so we can see here the amount planted. Also another point, we have operations
 in Mato Grosso. Part of the plant with soybean is in the northeast. It is a window that is
 different from Mato Grosso, and there we are also seeing the results from Shingu, so we
 will continue and we can see here the result soybean, corn, cotton and beans in the harvest
 2021-2022.
 We can also see here 2021 and 2022 harvest here in cattle raising.
 We can see your cattle heads, pasture, and ADC.
 So beans, we have some of the results already and by next please.
 Well here sugar cane I would like to say that we have we see a great evolution in the number
 You can see here the production in thousands of tons and the number of
 of hectares for sugar cane than the harvest area and the number of tons.
 Here we see the difference between the estimates and the actual numbers for sugar cane.
 sugar cane.
 Sugarcane was not affected by the drought.
 We have irrigation through our group with agrocery,
 And in the case of the Midwest, it is not irrigated, but the risk is much smaller.
 So, when we looked at Brazil Agro and Brazil in sugarcane, we have almost 580, 590, which
 and we see the harvest at the end of now with 520,000 tons.
 Once the company had a drop
 Here, we see the generation of results bringing a lot of results from real estate sales.
 So what did we do here?
 to drink at a time of spectacular prices, we have to maximize our inventory.
 We had an inventory of cattle at a low price.
 Last year we had a good strategy to decrease the volume to be more aggressive in sales,
 results and apart from all of this we generate its spectacular results in the
 business units when we closed on June 30 and this is a picture now the 2020 we
 had a GMD, the highest in history, maybe part of this comes from a lower load when you sew
 with less pressure in the pasture and GMD had a gain, we gained 500 grams of GMD, very
 similar to the market we're estimating now the closing with 0.70 this is what
 places the company has an excellent producer of sugarcane, excellent producer of beef and other
 also with the crops. Here what I'd like to stress is the company's capacity
 the resilience of the company to move this inventory, capture the good prices, and the
 last bubble the last slide shows that cattle raising in the company is being done with
 A lot of operational results and good techniques.
 Next slide please.
 Well, here we're talking about the current harvest, and here I'd like to repeat this
 we're always with a good contribution margin what we expect per hectare so we
 We have a moral obligation to make progress every time we have a good contribution margin
 And depending on the price of sale,
 we're always looking at contribution margins,
 the difference of between sale and cost on this date.
 We can see the amount of corn sold at a price of $66.96.
 most of the corn production is winter crop. So here we have a mix of prices between corn in the
 northeast, then in the Midwest. So we have 50% of the next harvest. When we look this
 in comparison the last year with the same mix 50 reais and now 67 reais at the
 bottom we see soybean. We're also making progress in soybeans.
 Here we can see the main figures revenues from operations when we look at the future and the exchange rates
 closing at 5.57 Reis per dollar a little higher than the previous previous harvest
 when we had 5.51 reais per dollar.
 This will help us with an even more robust result this year
 because we have prices that are higher than last year
 For the grades the last line is cotton where we have progress and important progress
 68% in sales in relation to the previous harvest, actually in relation to this harvest, with
 the price of 163 Reis.
 When we look at the price of the previous, it was at 108 reais.
 And, you will see, we also intensified the area with cotton this year.
 We had an important increase due to what we can see in terms of margin for the content.
 next slide.
 Well, here I'd like to pass the floor to Gustavo to talk about the numbers, and then we will be back.
 Thank you, André. Good afternoon.
 Well, here we're showing the main numbers of the quarter, as Anna mentioned, and this
 This is the year until June 30 next year and here what we can see an increase of 83 percent
 in net revenue of the company. We see a net profit of 107 million reais, 43 percent above
 last year, and it's important to stress.
 ...increase of the price.
 and the increase in price for corn, soybean, and especially in sugarcane is what leveraged
 all these results.
 It's important to me, sir, okay?
 It's important to mention that during this quarter, we harvested almost one million tons
 of sugarcane, and we should expect...
 results that will continue to come in from sugarcane and our expectation is
 that the price increases will continue leveraging or improving the operational results.
 Then we look at a just today bit there.
 And this shows the performance.
 And here we include derivatives as André mentioned in the previous page.
 So we see...
 190 million reais. Last year we had a sale and this year we're expecting for next quarter
 to record the sale of Rio Domeo Farm and part of the second farm, as Andre mentioned, on
 the next page.
 A little bit to the left.
 here
 The highlight is the 190 million Reis.
 We see adjusted a bit to here last year here. We see
 the price of sugar cane, which almost doubled. Last year we had 68 RAHs per kilogram, now
 Now it's a hundred and thirty, hundred and thirty-five.
 reminding you that
 There is an expectation in the market to close at $196.95,
 and we have a premium of 20% in the contract with Saint-José.
 the weight
 of sugar gain this year from sugar gain will be much higher than before. Reminding here
 Here in the kings of soybean and cotton, we're selling the inventory of the harvest
 that we collected recently.
 and with prices in soybean 45 percent higher and in the case of corn 32 percent.
 So, will you reinforce?
 We're expecting an EBITDA that will be very similar to that of June 30 last year, but
 the impact in the price of sugar cane will provoke a significant increase.
 On the next page, we can see here the company's numbers.
 We continue with a year-end report that is stable, strong.
 we see here assets 4.1%. Also, in the company's cash on September 30th, it had an increase
 in relation to June 30 because we're selling the inventory of soybean and corn.
 It's important to say that accounts receivables, accounts receivable, short term, long term,
 400 million reais due to the sale of farms here we're including receivables of the new
 that we sold and we will record in the next quarter.
 We see y'all soon.
 property for investment, the company's farms, 1 billion reais.
 And we see cash, total indebtedness, and we will see more details on the next page.
 Well, here we see in terms of short-term, 325 million reais, short-term debts, long-term
 300 million Reis, total 626 million Reis, 5% lower than on June 30th.
 Here, one objective we had in the past that we mentioned to you, do you have a longer
 very dead
 240 million
 We have for five years and 300 million reais, which is what we need to plant and the company's operation.
 So, this...
 We are working to renew these deaths.
 When we consider the gross debt, adjusted gross debt or net gross debt, in net gross debt, we see it's negative.
 But we expect to make some investments, especially in purchasing farms,
 transformation of areas that we have in the land bank.
 And we will be very careful with the company's cash.
 But during these times of volatility, we know, but we're trying instruments to maintain the company's numbers, the company's debt at reasonable levels.
 Here we have the cost 8.5% if we consider the future curves and interest rates.
 It's on the next page.
 Here, if this is, we'd like to say that the General Assembly approved the payment of
 260 million reais in dividends, we will pay on the 10th after tomorrow, November 10th
 after tomorrow, and here I'd like to stress that although we don't have a clear dividend
 policy, the objective
 The objective of the company is to have a dividend yield of 55.3%.
 So this is what we will have as a goal.
 the next page we we will see net asset value 3.2 million reais here this is
 the cost, these are the numbers, these numbers reflect the cost, the value of the property
 of the company with an internal evaluation lower than that of Deloitte's evaluation.
 Delight had set 3.4 billion reais.
 We also always consider our evaluation.
 We see that the net value of the company $4.3 billion, $4.4 billion, and with a number
 shares
 42.75, 42.75 Reis per share.
 So, once again, we'd like to talk about the great potential for upside, and we invite
 you to continue to invest in our company.
 On the next page, the last slide, we see an evolution of the stock market and our share,
 on November 4th. Here we show the performance of the company so this is the
 market is booming for agribusiness and the company too with positive results so we believe
 that our company is excellent opportunity for investments.
 We thank you for participating and now we will go on to the Q&A session.
 Well, reminding you, if you have a question, please, through the webcast and writing,
 We're receiving the questions here, and I will read them.
 The first question, Carlos Herrera, what is the difference between NAV and price of shares?
 68%
 Do you see opportunities to buy back shares?
 Carbos.
 Of course
 We have an important gas, but we have worked to increase the shareholder base, to increase
 the free float of the company. I'd like to remind you, before the pre-follow-on, we
 We traded 1 to 2 million, and since the follow-on, 25 to 30 million are being traded every day.
 monitor this and when we believe this will make sense, yes, we will approve that through
 the council of the company, the company's council today. We consider the evaluation of
 the properties, it's as if it were worth 1.5 billion.
 and we know we have a portfolio of 3.4 billion.
 So we are now having the farms that are the cheapest
 the Brazilian market. We're looking to see if there are opportunities to launch a new
 program maybe not with such high volumes but we might buy back shares to show to
 to the market, the value of the shares.
 Also, Carlos, the resources that we're raising with the sale of farms, how will we use these
 resources? Will it be used to pay dividends? The sale of farms? Carlos, a good question.
 It's important to stress the company in the sale of farms.
 We have a lower cost of capital than the producer, so we can finance the transaction.
 So in purchases, we're more aggressive with cash purchases because we have a cost of capital that makes sense.
 It's important to stress, these sails were made with a duration of 2.5 in one transaction,
 2.9 in the other
 Approximately 2.5, 2.6, so the revenue from these transactions, I'd like to stress the
 The sale of Taquari was made in two times.
 it will be recorded in two instances.
 we should record 330 million in during this year
 And the remainder, the 590 million, only in 2024, and the sale of Rio de Mayo should also be recorded during this year, but it is also sold in installments.
 So I joke, we, we, we buy, we buy with down payments cash and we sell in installments.
 This will give us a result Gustavo showed us.
 How we're showing the results of Q1, with higher prices, better results.
 And different from last year, right, Carlos?
 last year, we had very few sales of real estate in the company's results.
 So the company will be aggressive once again due to the results we will have, and I always
 say, with good opportunities, we will buy farms without good opportunities or limited
 and opportunities will be, we will be aggressive
 in distributing in so dividends to our shareholders.
 But we should have an even more robust result in last year.
 Thank you, Carlos.
 We also had a question from Damien in line with the previous question concerning the buyback of shares.
 So, I believe we have already answered now Vitor Saragioto, Credit Suisse.
 Please, as congratulations for the results and many concerns in relation to the price
 fertilizer that went up during the last months so do you have delays in the
 the delivery of fertilizer for this harvest?
 No, I was in shingoo this week. I came back on Saturday
 It's a pity that it's not live. We were there. We went to visit large areas of the region.
 the region, we were very happy with what we saw.
 So we had operations left.
 we went to look at new areas for acquisitions.
 and you did not go with me
 we're always inviting you to come
 to go with us to Shingle, but going back to your question, we are following the price
 of fertilizer?
 I believe it's very important.
 importance
 to see the results, how things are happening.
 The fertilizer industry, phosphate, or nitrogen, most of it is born from natural gas.
 you produce natural gas.
 I always said this
 So, you have to produce also from nitrogen urea, and with nitrogen urea or ammonia and
 natural gas
 This is the raw material for phosphate based fertilizers.
 So being frank, we don't believe in a price drop for fertilizers in the next six months.
 That's why six months, because we are now at a time of greater consumption of natural
 gas in the world due to the winter in the northern hemisphere.
 So in December January, we have the highest consumption of natural gas for heating homes.
 we have a competitor this always happens every year so and now we have very
 high prices for natural gas. You can see the prices, the price of natural gas, but in
 In Europe too, the price of natural gas went up to 208% in the last six months.
 So it's fundamental to see this industry in this way.
 The fertilizer industry on a global level has raw materials.
 And I know that many potassium plants will begin producing, phosphate plants will begin
 producing. And in terms of nitrogen, we have this great concern with gas, which it has
 a direct effect. So the way we see it Victor, there will be an impact, an important impact
 for Brazil in terms of the second crop, the winter crop.
 Same for a Brazil agro.
 We're projecting this in our numbers.
 an important impact for the second crop.
 For the for for the previous one we have all the fertilizer but
 So we have a crop with the previous prices, but they will go up.
 It's important to see when we look at the price of last year the price of sale for this harvest
 We're expecting very positive margins for us the great question in the market is what will happen in the future from now on
 We're looking at fertilizer, but also agrochemicals with increases in U.S. currency.
 We're talking about increases in dollars.
 10 to 15 percent depending on the chemical so it's a we we have to be careful
 There are many consequences for the increase in prices in chemicals.
 in chemicals fertilizer is based on the increase in the price of natural gas so
 So this is for the Harvest 22-23, we're monitoring.
 We're already monitoring this, Victor, and as I always say,
 When we believe that there is something to do, we are making decisions for lighters,
 Nothing yet, but agrochemicals. Yes, we have already
 we already have a strategy. In terms of logistics, no problems until now.
 Gustavo reminded us we put pressure for delivery until now, no problems, no lack of fertilizer.
 All our fertilizers for this that was planted from October to December is already in our properties.
 Winter crop we bought most of it. There is a part in nitrogen to buy but phosphate
 I was looking this week and I said why so much fertilizers here what and they said no
 Oh, this is the fertilizer for the winter crop.
 we're receiving fertilizer for the winter crop.
 While in line with Victor's question,
 Henrique from VTG Pactual, as concerning the cost of production.
 The company's estimates for 21-22 show important increases in the cost for the main crops.
 Please comment on how you expect this will impact the profitability this year and now
 Now we know the price of commodities is favorable.
 Do you believe there will be a risk for this harvester next?
 I believe Andrea has already answered these questions.
 Thank you for your questions.
 And
 the next question, Leonardo Alencar. She's paying investments. First, he says congratulations
 for the results. Thank you. I believe you have the harvest for soybean and the winter
 crop for corn. I believe you have bought the fertilizer. How about the future fertilizer
 For 2223, have you bought the fertilizer?
 What is your vision concerning the fertilizer market?
 Andrei has already answered all these questions from Leonardo.
 and the next question
 I believe that in this question
 I'd like to say, this is it.
 We have two concerns.
 We have the sugar cane harvest that begins in April-May
 with nitrogen fertilizers our perspective as we said the base industry the base raw material is
 natural gas natural gas we don't believe in a drop in natural gas especially now
 with the cold season in the northern hemisphere.
 The way we see it after winter in the northern hemisphere with more natural gas available
 So, at the end of the first semester next year, beginning of the second semester of 2020,
 Two, we can expect a drop in the price of fertilizer, especially nitrogen and phosphate.
 The next question, Flavio Bica, congratulations for the results.
 Could you tell us more about rainfall in the various farms?
 Flavio, thank you for the question. It's a great pleasure to talk to you. I would say the following.
 following. This year, the behavior is much better than last year. You can see, you follow
 us, not only the company, but all the marketing information.
 Matugrosso, as I said, is finishing the planting last year.
 We had a lot of problems in the state of Matukrosu during the planting season.
 a lot of complexity
 You heard me talking about replanting in Matugnoso, in the press, in the company, or even in other companies.
 No one is talking about this this year because it's not happening. The climate is
 is well with a good window, a good distribution.
 And the good news is that the region in Mapitu also has good rainfall.
 Rainfall began a little earlier. We have a lot of soy being planted in Marinhão, Piauí, Bahia too.
 things that we know that historically these are regions we have rainfall in
 in my P2 in November and this year already in October.
 So in terms of Brazil, when we talk about the situation,
 This is it. Now in the long term, things are positive.
 We have a year that is running.
 And this...
 allows us a good distribution of rainfall in Mapietu, within average in the midwest,
 and we're always concerned with the south of Brazil.
 When we talk about the South of Brazil, so talking about Brazil agro our concern this year is Paraguay
 Paraguay, we had good rain, but we know that we begin to plant in the end of November.
 We have good rainfall, but we're always looking at the climate in Paraguay, the rainfall in
 We reduce the exposure in Paraguay to new areas.
 Areas where we have coverage, where we have been working for a long time, we will continue.
 continue, we will continue planting, respecting and planting in a defensive way, but we're
 concerned with Paraguay and we're also concerned with the south of Brazil and also
 So, Argentinians should also be concerned with their climate.
 Bolivia the climate is normal we're beginning we began 15 15 days ago the
 second harvest for soybean, the winter crop for soybean is more
 more representative than the previous, so we're beginning and the rainfall in Bolivia
 is within the average
 In April May we had a little bit of stress, but now rainfall is normal in Bolivia
 but there we have a lot of sugar cane, so floppy.
 in a nutshell.
 The company is doing very well.
 all of brazil, midwest and upwards
 and we have
 The concern with Paraguay in the south of Brazil, the forecast for the year is good in
 these regions with the exception of the South and Paraguay.
 Well, I'll see you in the next video.
 The next question comes from Walter.
 Bearing in mind, the tax is on dividends.
 Do you intend to...
 anticipate dividends for 2021-2022.
 the government intends to charge income tax. We have no forecast, but we're looking at
 the reforms from the government, we're prepared.
 The company is prepared for this taxation of dividends, as the government wants to do.
 received a lot of attention when we saw the tax reform being
 the company is prepared
 If this actually happens, if this reduces the profitability for the investors, we're looking at the tax reform.
 Thanks for watching.
 Bye.
 Thanks for watching.
 Bye.
 Well, the next question comes from Adrian Pattinson concerning fertilizers and chemicals, how
 much was spent in 2021 and what is the cost for 2022?
 Well, here we can talk about percentages without looking at each product.
 Who's time will help me with the numbers
 Now, last year, we had a cost of production in soybean, 2,600 to 2,800 depending on the
 region this year this year three thousand two hundred to three thousand four hundred these are
 There are different farms regions where you have differences, but this is it.
 In the case of corn, help me with corn.
 4,000, 3,800 reais last year, 2,800 corn.
 It has a higher cost, it uses more fertilizer, and it also uses more fertilizers with nitrogen.
 and these were the ones that had the highest price increases.
 So, quantum suffers twice.
 Now, in relation to agrochemicals in the harvest 2021-2022, we had no expressive differences
 in u.s. dollars we have problems with the
 with the exchange rate. When I mentioned previously an increase 10% to 15% in dollars, this is
 for the Harvest 2022-2023. This is a forecast for the next harvest, not this harvest that
 we're planting now. We're talking about 2022-2023. We're estimating a possible increase in the
 price of agrochemicals due to many points.
 natural gas, environmental restrictions, ocean freight that had high increases, and we know
 that the chemical molecules in Brazil, the finished products, are imported in containers
 so ocean freight, and this issue of containers,
 lack of containers that you see.
 Lack of containers containers that came from China to America for $1,400 now
 $18,000, $20,000. So we begin to have important increases. I'm sure that industry will raise
 their prices for us.
 As Andrei mentioned, in the harvest 2020 and 2021, we had approximately an increase,
 roughly 15 to 20 percent in soybean and 30 percent in corn.
 For the next, also 23-25% for soybean increase, why?
 Because we were able to buy in advance, we also made payments when the U.S. currency
 was around five
 to a dollar.
 Now, we have the winter crump.
 Thank you very much.
 We...
 We took more time to buy this in we're expecting an increase of 70% in
 in relation to last year.
 Where are we making this decision?
 last year in shingu we had an expectation of sales 35 36 reis per bag
 Today we're selling, and in an anticipated way, around 60-65 reais per bag.
 So, in terms of margin, they are similar or even better than the increase of the price
 a Ferdlice Ferdlice shirt.
 Also,
 it's
 in relation to production costs?
 A question from Rafael Somer-Logos concerning the price of inputs for sugar cane, a greater
 Right, I will answer this for a fact.
 Last year, this year, we began to include the cost of leasing in sugarcane.
 If you purge this effect, which was not considered last year, the increase is very similar to
 the other crops, 30%, around 30%.
 Later on I can give you the details but approximately 1000 Reais more in the production price of
 sugarcane due to the leasing rental of the farms.
 The next question, from Yano Zankaner.
 The company does the company have a hedging policy for contribution margin.
 The hedge is done at cost, or you hedge a hundred percent.
 Fabiano Sancaner
 I had a colleague in Cataluva had the same name.
 I had a colleague in his office answering you. We do hedging.
 We're always monitoring the total revenue of the products and the contribution margin
 we monitor the cost and revenue, so when the number that we showed, almost 57% in soybean,
 That is not the cost.
 It's 50% of the volume of soybean produced, in the case of corn, 56% the expected volume,
 Cotton
 It's the total volume of cotton expected in relation to our budget, the best expectation
 Productivity.
 So hedging for us is total volume projected.
 What is important, too?
 We have also receivables from farms, which is important for the company.
 and the receivables from farms are also in bags of soy beans.
 So, all the receivables that mature in that year, they become part of the PNL of soybean
 to be sold. The producer can pay us based on soybean, so we consider the receivables
 from farms of the year in our analysis of derivatives.
 And this analysis is also done every quarter by Gustavo based on future perspectives of
 receivables. So answering your question, we look at the number that you saw as a result of the
 estimate of production and the policy foresees that we will be able to sell up to 50% of
 the harvest when we plant. Then we monitor the evolution of the crump and we can get
 to 80% at the time of harvest, sale of 80%.
 so we're very strict
 who were in following this policy.
 Fabiano said that he is from Cataluva.
 Thank you.
 Have a good day.
 Bye.
 I had a great friend who graduated with me,
 Rodrigo Zincanar.
 Some questions concerning the market of land, the price of land.
 What does the company think in terms of acquisition of new areas new sales there is a question from Moorillo
 Then we have Adirk Kostrom, questions on the price of land, and we're seeing the growth
 of almost a hundred percent in the price of land.
 Do you believe that these higher prices will continue for land?
 Well, Moody Lwader, first, let's talk about how we think about this.
 We always say that we have to be an anti-cyclical company.
 Whenever it wants to sell, we buy it.
 whenever one wants to buy, we, whenever one wants to sell, we buy.
 So, we buy it.
 the acids that are ready the farm that is producing sugarcane or producing
 they are are very similar to what you asked this area due to the price of
 Oh, the increase in commodities, also the price of land went up.
 When you look at the other areas,
 past your areas to be transformed.
 We also see price increases, but not as strong as the soybean areas.
 soybean areas are multiples of the bag of soybean if it's if a bag of soybean is worth 70 it's a
 multiple. If it's where the 150, it's x times 150. That's the first point. So we believe
 that the price of land will be on a new level because we're not going to talk about soy
 Soybean were at 70, 80.
 and you are much more smarter than we are.
 We believe that in the long term, we should have soybean around $11.
 We're talking about
 a balance as a result of tax adjustments, but the price should converge to a balance.
 this should come to about.
 In terms of acquisition, we're very active.
 We have ...
 spent, we have traveled a lot, we have many things in the radar with difference, difference
 In relation to Threesburg, we're also selling at higher numbers than three years ago.
 We should have an efficient allocation.
 We are doing everything to guarantee this profitability.
 we have to be very good at buying and transforming the land and with these these new levels
 In the size of the land, we should be able to transform land more quickly and be able
 to guarantee good returns for investors.
 It's an excellent question.
 prices have changed for purchase and sale.
 As I said, we're always buying farms that are not ready,
 that are not generating this interesting
 with commandees. We always buy land that needs development, needs
 human capital to transform these areas.
 So there will always be opportunities. This is a very large market.
 We must have discipline, resilience to do what we have done during the last 15 years
 15 years with a lot of resilience, a lot of discipline.
 So this is the message we have to all of you.
 Thank you, Andrei, question from Anani Sikaitin, Purchase of Land.
 I believe Andrei has answered.
 now we have two questions
 John Wayne
 and other castor concerning sugarcane.
 Do you believe that the prices of sugarcane should
 should continue at high levels due to ethanol for decarbonization.
 How do you see this scenario?
 and adders question in relation to sugarcane.
 He wants a guidance in relation to sugarcane for the next harvest, whether they will continue
 at the current levels.
 Well two excellent questions
 I'd like to spend all afternoon. First, John. First, we have, we have a clean energy
 be ethanol, not only ethanol as a source to substitute fossil fuels, but ethanol also
 for hybrid cars. We believe that if we migrate to an auto industry too, that wants a deep
 carbonized decarbonization. We need a matrix that will generate fuel for
 electric cars, so we believe a lot that ethanol
 become fundamental.
 What I'd like to say to John
 John, Brazil was a country that approved, right now in decarbonization, a new program
 which is Renata Beale.
 It's a government program
 Genova BU is a state program that is here to be another source of revenue for producers
 of ethanol and to compensate the industry that produces fossil fuels.
 So I'm sure that ethanol will be more and more relevant.
 I get sad when I see the world working for a more balanced situation and companies saying,
 Oh, now it's better to buy gasoline instead of ethanol.
 We have to be, we have to decide what we want.
 do we want less emissions, then ethanol will be important in this industry in the next
 years.
 Edgar's question is very good. Why is it good? Because sugarcane is a crump with annual cycles. It is
 Plurry annual so the effects that we have in a harvest
 They continue until the next harvest. So why do I say they continue?
 We have two large important effects in sugarcane and Brazilian production.
 We have the first, the intensity of the drought.
 so we had rainfall that stopped earlier
 and we had important results
 and a second
 We had a second when we had severe cold in the south.
 The drought is known, it hurts, but if the next year we have rainfall within the average, you can recover.
 The great problem is that when we have cold weather, when it happened in July-August,
 we have most of the sugarcane already harvested and planted which is for the next harvest so you
 can imagine. The plant had used its reserves to, and suddenly comes the cold, and it has
 to begin again. So our experience when this happens for any reason due to fire or cold
 or we have an important drop.
 because the plant used its energy.
 So I would say to you, next year,
 Two scenarios.
 One optimistic, one pessimistic, and this is not from us, it's not from Andrea or Gustavo.
 This is the pessimistic one is 530 million tons and the optimistic 550 due to these problems with frost and everything
 So, if you ask me, I believe in a year of favorable prices for sugar cane.
 Brazilian production, we have to look, it's important to look outside Brazil, the production
 of sugar in India, especially in India, we're having a recovery, a modest recovery in the
 a production of sugar in India.
 And you can see this with the prices of pound per sugar in New York.
 I don't remember having seen...
 sugar cane at 21 cents like we had a few months ago so the scenario for next year
 since it's a plurianual crop the in fact we have this year will continue next
 year, we will have low inventories of raw material and that puts pressure on the
 price during the next year.
 Well, the next question comes from Anthony Gordon,
 China Group has announced in the summit of COP26 last year, Brazil signed the Treaty
 an agreement for deforestation, ending deforestation by 2030.
 How will this affect our company?
 Anthony, good afternoon. It's a great pleasure to talk to you.
 I believe it's important to understand what they proposed.
 I don't want to compromise.
 Brazil, I believe what Brazil signed is our obligation, zero deforestation, illegal deforestation
 by 2030.
 This is what they signed. In other words, to zero illegal deforestation in Brazil.
 We're talking about illegal deforestation.
 Okay, let's look at, let's look at us, independent whether it's legal or illegal, we have few
 areas in our pipeline to be transformed, and all of them are Savannah lands being
 transformed, in the chakra that are being transformed, and we have the best
 expectations to finish this development by 2025.
 Soon, the legal deforestation, yes, is what Brazil signs,
 And every time we see these commitments and they become a reality for companies like ours,
 Companies that have governance companies that respect the environment that have management I believe
 If it's even more decisive for us to take action, we assume the great one problem in
 Brazil is that there is illegal, not an agribusiness I would say, illegal deforestation in the Amazon
 that is illegal.
 government areas, Indian reservations.
 Thank you, Andre.
 Question from Victor Poli Talevanti.
 Concerning, can you talk about the technology projects in the field?
 How can 5G help?
 We will stay here until tomorrow.
 So I'll ask Andrei to be, we have another question.
 Victor, excellent question.
 as Anna said
 I love this topic
 I will give you some numbers from in brazil with investments of four thousand five hundred
 antennas. Today, Brazil has a coverage of 5G 70 to 20%. With 4,500 new antennas, we will
 take 5G coverage to 50% of the agricultural land with 15,000 antennas, which is not a
 a very high investment.
 we take coverage of 5G around 80% of the areas in production in Brazil.
 So, I'll give you a number, and I will share with you, a number from Mimbrap.
 First
 coverage around 50% of the Brazilian agricultural area.
 That would be another 50, 60 billion reais in that from agriculture.
 If we can take this to 80% the estimates and of course we're talking about technology,
 we can get to numbers upwards of 110 billion Reais generated to add to our GDP.
 So, Gustavo and I are leading projects.
 The company has some units where we have coverage not all the farm, but
 Not only 5G, also other technologies.
 biological connectivity, link to 5G, innovation of many things, many tools, drones for monitoring,
 many things that are being done in agribusiness, and this will represent the new green revolution
 that agribusiness can bring.
 The next question, Antonio Siqueire.
 I'm...
 concerning
 the measurement of ESG policies in Brazil,
 environment, social, and governance.
 Antonio, we here in the company, we feel at ease to talk about the SG.
 I will look at the three letters when we talk about governance where the first company in
 agribusiness to be listed in Nova Mercado, the elite companies in the stock market, the
 The only one also listed in New York.
 Check.
 Also.
 Also, plus Idecco with more governance, even the SOC's legislation.
 So when we look inside, we were born this way.
 It's in our DNA. When you talk about social, for being in boundaries, we did a lot of this.
 We made many investments in social programs.
 When you take SAP to these regions, you have to train people, invest resources, and the
 The company has invested a lot in social programs.
 We created the Brazil Agro Institute and Apollo is the director of the institute we
 We invest 1.5% to 2% of our results in projects with focus on education in the regions where
 we are present. When we talk about the environment, the company had the capacity and the efficiency
 To manage the assets, it has to transform more than 135,000 hectares.
 you can see it
 This is link to conservation preservation.
 We have, we have thousands of hectares of protected areas.
 And this, the environmental, these are the actions in the environment to preserve biodiversity.
 So I would say that agribusiness has everything to lead other sectors in terms of ESG.
 While we'd like to close, once again, thank you for participating.
 Andrei Gustavo, and we will see you again in the next quarter. Thank you. Thank you, Anna. Thank you, Gustavo. Thank you
 participants who are with us with many questions.
 We have the greatest number of questions, very good questions, intelligent questions focused on our business model.
 Thank you for your attention. Once again, count on our team.
 team of people were showing the result of a team, which has been doing good work, committed
 with the results of the company, committed with the investors to the investors, we will
 continue, continue this way, delivering resilient results.
 Thank you. We wish you a good afternoon.