 Thank you, Lisa, and good afternoon, everyone.
 I'm...
 ...
 pleased with our performance for the third quarter of 2017.
 We increase revenue 26% year over year.
 Expanded gross margin and achieve both operating in net income with net income of 110 million and
 and diluted earnings of 10 cents per share.
 We are executing well with our strongest portfolio of products in many years, including
 of Verizon, Epic, and Radeon Vega offerings.
 Let me provide some specifics for the third quarter.
 Revenue of 1.64 billion grew 26% year over year and 34% sequentially.
 This is our highest quarterly revenue since the 4th quarter of 2011.
 The year-over-year growth was primarily due to our computing and graphic segment while
 sequential growth was driven by the enterprise embedded and semi-custom segment revenue seasonality
 as well as higher competing and traffic segment revenue.
 We also took another step in our IP monetization efforts
 by closing a pattern licensing agreement that had a positive impact on both our segments.
 Gross margin was 35%, up 4 percentage points year-over-year, primarily driven by the benefit
 of IP related revenue, and richer mix from the computing
 and graphic segment, which were partially
 offset by cost associated with our global foundry's wafer supply agreement for wafer
 purchase and another foundry. We continue to make good progress on the ramp of our
 our new high performance products which had a positive impact on our gross margins.
 expenses for $419 million compared to $353 million a year ago.
 The increase was primarily due to higher R&D related investments and expenses related to
 annual employee incentive programs driven by our better financial performance.
 income was 155 million in the third quarter of 2017, a solid improvement from 70 million
 a year ago.
 water, net interest expense, Texas and other was 45 million up slightly from 43 million
 a year ago. Lower interest expense from a year ago was largely offset by withholding taxes
 for licensing revenue.
 income was $110 million for diluted earnings of $0.10 per share as compared to $27 million
 for three cents per share a year ago.
 The diluted earnings per share calculation for the third quarter of 2017 was based on
 1.
 1.143 million shares, which includes 100.6 million shares related to our 2026 convertible
 nodes.
 adjusted EBITDA was 191 million compared to 103 million a year ago.
 Now, turning to the business segments.
 Computing and Graphic Segment Revenue was 819 million,
 up 74% year over year.
 primarily due to strong sales
 of our Radeon graphics and Ryzen test sub-processors.
 Computing and graphic segment operating income was 70 million compared to a loss of 66 million
 year ago. The solid improvement was primarily due to higher revenue. Enterprise embedded
 and semi-custom revenue was 824 million approximately flat year over year due to lower semi-custom
 S.O.C. sales partially offset by IP related revenue.
 Additionally, server revenue increased from a year ago, driven by the increased sales
 of Epic products.
 As you heard earlier from Lisa, customer interest and deployment plans are strong.
 income was 84 million down 52 million from 136 million a year ago primarily due to higher
 cost.
 Turning to the balance sheet, our cash-cash equivalence and marketable securities total
 $879 million at the end of the quarter, up from $844 million in the prior quarter primarily
 due to higher revenue. Inventory, at the end of the quarter, was 794 million, down 5% from
 833 million in the prior quarter. Long-term debt on the balance sheet was 1.36 million.
 total principle that including our secured revolving line of credit was 1.74 billion.
 In the third quarter, we used 28 million from our lower interest secured revolving line
 of credit to pay down long term debt, which has a higher interest rate.
 Free cash flow was 32 million compared to 20 million in the year ago period.
 Before turning to our outlook for the fourth quarter of 2017, which is the 13th big quarter,
 let me show you a little bit of what happened in the last quarter of 2017, which is a 13th
 Thank you for watching.
 Please subscribe.
 comparative purposes that the fourth quarter of 2016 was a 14-week quarter.
 For the 4th quarter of 2017, we expect revenue to decrease approximately 15% sequentially
 plus or minus 3%.
 At the midpoint, this equates to revenue growth of approximately 26 percent year-over-year.
 non-gap close margin to be approximately 35%,
 non-gap operating expenses to be approximately 410 million,
 non-gap interest expense taxes and other to be approximately $30 million and inventory
 to be down sequentially.
 We now expect 2017 annual revenue to increase by greater than 20 percent over 2016 compared
 to the prior guidance of mid to high teens percentage growth.
 We do not anticipate significant changes to the diluted share count in the fourth quarter
 and you can find additional information regarding the share count in the CFO commentary which
 is posted online. In closing, the third quarter was a strong
 quarter and we are pleased with the momentum of our new premium products.
 We are making solid progress towards our growth and margin-expansion objectives and as our
 financial performance improves, we remain committed to investing in our multi-generational
 road maps in achieving our long-term financial targets.
 With that, I'll turn it back to Laura for the Q&A session.
 Laura?
 All right.
 Yeah, so Vivek, just to remind you, I mean, in line, you know, you've heard us talk about
 about our IP monetization efforts, and this is very much in line with that, and as Lisa
 And the benefit is played over both the segments.
 Okay.
 if you if I can just add you know if you look at the if you look at the margin
 try and compare to 2016. In 2016, we had 31 percent gross margin, and we expect to be
 at 34% this year and that's primarily based on the strength of the new products that lease
 our reference and from a long-term model standpoint, we are on track with what we
 laid out in the financial analyst's day of going from 31 to 34 and then expecting to
 be greater than 36% in 2018 on the strength of the new premium products that are ramping
 into 2018.
 I think the way I look at that is if you look at Q3 from a volume standpoint and the volume
 is pretty high, and that's why it's highlighted from a viewpoint of the cause.
 But the way you want to look at it going forward, Q4, and be honest, all of the costs are related
 with the WSA that's referenced in the script,
 it's contemplated within our guidance and our long-term models.
 I think the first thing I'll say is, you know, we do want to invest in the business, especially
 with the growth opportunities we have, and primarily targeting the OPEX investments towards
 R&D. They are in the current moment with a lot of products ramping. Just in the last
 a few months, you heard about the rise and ramp,
 You know about RAPEC, you talk about Vega,
 and obviously they are go-to-market cost
 for ramp of new products.
 but as far as 2017 guidance is concerned,
 I had said previously 31% has potential of revenue,
 But I think right now, where the numbers are coming out,
 especially with the strength of the revenue
 out of the equation how we think we end up at about 30% on an expense to
 revenue ratio in 2017, which you as you probably recall is at the upper end of what we have
 of a long-term target model, which is 26 or 30.
 So actually, I'm pretty pleased because, you know, if all else, if everything works out
 in the Q4 guidance that we gave, and in 2016 would have been a 32% of revenue in 2017,
 approximately 30% and then obviously we'll see where we get into 2018, but very please
 some of you point of being able to make the investments in the business to support the
 product roadmap, the go-to-market cost for the ramp up new products and at the same time
 and bring down the percentage of OPEC's over revenue.
 Yeah, I think if you look at it from an over-stand point, if you look at the cost impact, it's
 all within our guidance. I think, you know, if you look at IP from that standpoint, you
 We have several IPDs in the pipeline for QTSIS,
 because clearly we thought it was likely that we would be able to close an IP in the later
 the deal in the quarter and that's how it turned out and you see the benefit across
 segments and from a go-forward standpoint, you know, despite the cost of being there,
 You know, we look at it overall from a viewpoint of the trend of the margin, major provider
 of the gross margin uplift is the premium new product that we are launching.
 And then obviously there's opportunities from an IP standpoint to benefit the PNL.
 we go ahead and put that in the equation.