 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for waiting.
 I'm Margarita Tsun from IR, and we would like to welcome everyone to
 Center here at Q3 2021 with Michelle's video conference.
 To inform you that this event is being recorded, all participants will be in listen-only mode
 viewing representation.
 After the company's remarks, there will be a Q&A session.
 can only be submitted in writing so soon.
 Should any participants need assistance, please send us a chat message or email.
 Before proceeding, please read the disclaimer that is located on the second page of our presentation.
 Let me mention that forward-looking statement.
 Are they some fun?
 energy management
 leads
 on the
 and on information currently available to the company.
 They involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions because they are related to future events
 that may or may not occur.
 Investors should understand that general economic conditions and industry conditions and other
 factors could also affect the future results of anti-energia and could cause results to differ
 materially from those expressed in such overlooking statements.
 Now I'll turn the videoconference over to Gustavo Mariani,
 or CFO.
 Hello, everybody, and thank you for joining our conference call.
 in case you miss
 you need the news
 Am I...
 Uh-uh, sorry about that.
 in case
 The news, Gabby Cohen, after sharing 18 years with us,
 decided to step down from his CFO position.
 fortunately he will
 remain as a member
 of our board of directors
 so we will continue
 taking advantage of his wisdom
 and expertise.
 um
 Gavis
 well-earned trust
 and respect from the investor community
 Casa Loud, Pampa
 to become
 what the company
 that it is today
 so
 are
 appreciation is
 tough to
 to say
 in a few words
 and
 And, Gaby, thank you very much for all you have done for the company.
 yesterday the board of directors
 accepted Gabby's resignation
 and appointed
 Nicolás Mildrin
 who is a
 sitting at my right
 as we
 as our new CFO
 And...
 ...
 to administer the engineer
 he has been
 leading
 di
 emanei
 division of Pampa for
 ADF already
 he had played
 a key role in the acquisition
 of César Blas, Argentina
 y
 significant milestone for our company.
 And since then, it has been focusing, among other things, in reorganizing the portfolio of assets to focus in the core business that we have today.
 Nico
 together with
 Gary, Stine,
 has
 all that is necessary to succeed in his role.
 So we wish him good luck in his new endeavour.
 Cool.
 Thank you, Gustavo.
 for your support.
 Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining.
 and I'm very excited.
 Please.
 Sorry.
 I'm very excited to end this new chapter of my professional career in Pampa.
 I have been working in Pampa along with Gustavo, Gaby and all of Pampa's team and partners for the last eight years.
 Gaby has done an excellent show on the financial front.
 He has put together an excellent team. So the idea is to continue on the same path.
 so now that
 Travels and conferences are slowly resuming.
 I can't wait to meet
 all of Pampa
 investors in person
 soon. So now I will pass to Lida, who will
 briefly comment on the quarter highlights and then later we will open to the Q&A.
 Thank you, Nico.
 Hello everyone
 in the interest of time
 I will summarize the latest events
 and financial figures for more details,
 you can check our earnings release
 or feel free to contact us.
 On quarter highlights, our EMP business achieved all-time high.
 production of almost 330 million
 trees per day in September,
 as you can see in the graph.
 Also, we recorded the highest single-day output at 350 million GF-feet per day, precisely on September 15.
 the recovery of demand
 Exports and plant gas have been the main contributors for this growth.
 Moreover, this month, we participated in the third round of PlanGas, a take-or-pay auction to fill the remaining IVA capacity at Neukina Basin.
 The tender, we tender, and got awarded 21 million QC per day, two-thirds of the total tender volume.
 Committing to deliver from May 2022 until December 2024 at $3.35 per new BTU.
 Therefore, the following winter
 we should be producing a new
 all-time high of 400 million
 fee fee per day, billing an annual average price of $3.6 a little bit here.
 highlight
 that
 Pampa is the only producer
 delivering the most significant gas increase compared to the winter of 2020.
 In power generation, we are moving on with the PP3 wind farm expansion project by doubling its capacity to reach a total of 106 megawatts.
 We estimate roughly $80 million of investment that will allow us to keep increasing our clean energy portfolio
 and strengthening our position in the business-to-business market.
 In Q3, we achieve a substantial leverage reduction.
 Our net debt decreased by $125 million in a single quarter.
 Year-to-date, we have accumulated $230 million of net leverage with action.
 Finally, we just wanted to let you know that we released a 2020, our 2020, sustainability report, audited for the first time.
 We show material improvements in water consumption, energy consumption, carbon footprint intensities,
 In line with the previous year's efforts to invest in efficient power technology and focus on gas.
 We seek transparency to share our ESG performance with our stakeholders.
 and your opinion is always welcome.
 Now, let's move on to the Quarters Financial KPI.
 Revenues increased 49% year-on-year to $577 million in the quarter, mainly driven by planned gas boosted by the winter season.
 demand recovery, and commodities price hikes.
 All of them were partially upset by certain power plant outages and tariff freeze in our utility business.
 Injury-free, over 85% of our sales and EVDA were dollar-league.
 THC-TVDA
 amounted to $262 million, 27% year-on-year, due to the same reasons we told before, upset by higher EMPAT.
 Quarter-on-quarter, APDA increased by 9%.
 mainly due to the seasonality and higher pepkin volume swabs.
 offset by increased raw material costs in FATCAM and altages at Energia Plus power units.
 Thanks to the strong investment and production growth,
 all and gas is balancing back
 activity I share for the first time in three years.
 CAPEX almost doubled year-on-year.
 in Q3, but remains in a quarter of a quarter, mainly because of the planned gas and Barragans
 expansion, observed by the commissioning of Genelva's second CCGT back in July 2020.
 Moving on to power generation, as seen in slide 7, we posted an adjusted EDA of $126 million in Q3,
 slightly lower year-on-year mainly due to the outages that we said before and the
 The end of the Quirenda's 10-year CPA.
 A. Upset by higher B2B sales.
 and higher thermal dispatch, especially at LOMA.
 In the legacy units, the 29% best shot they received last February was diluted by the
 inflation, the evaluation side.
 Quarter-on-quarter, EBITDA increased marginally due to the better B2B sales and seasonality,
 obsessed by the retroactive spot price update.
 It's not energy.
 is 59% of our capacity, but only represented 24% of our power generation UVDA, which will keep
 shrinking and less recognition of prior adjustments.
 keep up with the evolution
 as this
 essential units to the grid
 continue being on the base
 It will be challenging to maintain them properly.
 However, recently, the government approved a price improvement for thermal legacy units,
 especially those with no, no factor.
 said improvement is
 temporary, payable between September
 and link with the electricity exports made by GANIS.
 Moving to Pampa-style operating figures.
 Power generation in Q3 was 30% up year-on-year, surpassing nationwide demand.
 We recorded higher CCCT dispatch at LOMA and Genelga No. 1 CCCT due to the
 better gas supply, plus
 increased
 Thermal Dispatch with Alternative Fuels
 Obsessed by the plus units outages and low water input at Pichipicum 34.
 quarter and quarter
 the output rose
 18% driven by seasonality but upset by the formation outages.
 The power generation business model relies on capacity payments,
 So, the most important is to keep the availability as high as possible, especially for PPAs.
 The availability rate in Q3 reached 95%,
 slightly lower
 year on year
 mainly due to UELs and Enercia Plus units partial outages.
 Regarding our expansions, the closing to CGT at Ensenada Barragán is more than 60% advanced.
 We continue working on the steam toll line, cooling tower,
 boilers
 and diverters.
 Also, we are finishing the civil works and commissioning the high-voltage fuel.
 Around 1,700 people work in two ships with all the COVID protocols in place to achieve the COD by the second quarter of 2022.
 Moving to the E&P
 we posted
 an adjusted EDA
 of $104 million
 dollars, which is free.
 A remarkable growth year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter, driven by planned gas, winter season, and demand recovery,
 upset by more royalties and resumption of activity.
 Our total lifting costs increased 36% year-on-year and 26% quarter-to-quarter.
 Explained by higher production output.
 However, lifting costs per unit stood at $6 per BOE, 11% more than last year but
 similar to Queer 2.
 This is mainly thanks to Elman Grusio's high productivity.
 Our global production increased 23% year-on-year and 20% quarter-on-quarter.
 again
 may be
 reasoned by
 and gas winter, and the local old demand recovery to pre-pandemic levels.
 As a result, we averaged more than 57,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which
 92%
 and he's gone.
 On the other side, which represented 23% of the segment's revenue in the quarter,
 volume sold increased by 40% year-on-year and 31% quarter-on-quarter to 5.9,000 barrels per day,
 mainly excluded by the local demand, upset by lower exports.
 and all the price
 driven by the rent, was 50% increased compared to the last year, but remains in a quarter-of-quarter.
 Regarding gas, as shown in slide 10, our volume sold average at 326 million QC per day in the quarter,
 roughly 25% up year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter
 for the reasons it's going to be before.
 going back to our production performance
 as I said before
 we reach an all-time high record in September.
 Again,
 el mangrucho led the quarter's growth.
 contributing close to 70% of our overall gas.
 This block is wholly owned and operated by us with outstanding productivity boosted by the increased treatment capacity.
 Our average price of the quarter was $4.4 from MBTU, 76% up year-on-year, and 14% increased quarter-on-quarter.
 Again, explained by the frangas in their peak.
 The B2B and spot prices out of this GSA also reflected the seasonality similar to Plungas pricing levels.
 As you can see right below, the year-to-day sales were more diversified, similar to the country's breakdown.
 Gas retailers are also part of the Tuan Gas, and they have priorities in the winter, increasing their share to 39%.
 Also, we are growing, as you can see, our B2B share.
 Regarding our EMP operations update, we strengthened our investment by recording $62 million during the quarter while it was marginal last year.
 The squatter was real.
 8 type as well
 also we completed
 16 worlds
 of what you think
 are tight and one
 is Shell
 from Sierra Xata
 a block that reached
 the maximum production rate
 of 28 million
 his sicker day, becoming
 one of the most productive gas wells
 Vaca Muerta
 Also, as I said in the previous call, we are expanding the gas treatment plan at the
 Mangrucho, reaching about 310 million QC per day by the first half of next year.
 In oil, we drilled 13 wells, and completed 10 at El Gobernador Ayala and El Tordillo.
 Moving to the petrochemical business, we posted an adjusted EDA of $7 million in the Q-Free,
 see now year-on-year
 the higher
 material cost and plant gas impact compensated for the significant rise in commodity prices
 and industrial demand recovered.
 quarter on quarter
 the EBDA
 have
 Driven by higher raw material costs, offset by increased sales of reforming products.
 The year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter total cells volume increase was significant,
 especially in reforming products.
 In addition, roughly 50% of out-of-the-quarter cells were exported.
 cash and debt
 Though we are raising our CAPEX to accommodate fund gas commitments, we must highlight another quarter with solid cash flow generation.
 driven by the outstanding operating performance from our core businesses
 and improve margins in the upstream.
 During Q3
 the free cash flow resulted in roughly $108 million.
 dollars billion dollars in comparison last year's quarter
 represented a $68 million soft flow due to the higher working capital. Notice that this quarter,
 working capital and others
 were positive, mostly
 display by Improved Collections
 from Tremessa, a show inside
 13th.
 Delays have to 23 days compared to the maximum 46 days achieving Q1 of this year.
 In addition, we repaid a net of $50 million of principal debt
 and bought back shares for $3 million.
 So, in total, we generated $44 million of net cash, achieving $507 million of cash position by the end of the quarter.
 Moving on to the slide 14.
 This is why I chose consolidated figures, including our affiliate to ownership.
 But let's focus only on the restricted group that reflects the bomb perimeters.
 as we began the call
 Our balance sheet keeps strengthening despite the context.
 We continued to reduce the gross debt, having canceled most of the test maturities during the quarter for $65 million, posting $1.5 billion as of September 2021.
 Almost 100% of the debt is denominating dollars, up from the 96% in June.
 The dollar debt bears an average interest rate of 7.8%.
 The average life remains similar at 37 years.
 As I said before, cash increased 10% quarter-on-quarter to $507 million.
 to a million dollars.
 Therefore, net debt decreased by $125 million to $917 million, a remarkable reduction just
 in a single quarter.
 given the lower debt and higher VDA
 the net leverage ratio
 improved from 1.7 to 1.4 times
 Quorum Quorum
 In the next 12 months, the company faces less than $20 million of maturity.
 Therefore, we expect to keep strengthening our balance sheet.
 As a result, SMP upgraded our standalone rating to B-.
 So this concludes our presentation.
 And before,
 we would like to open the Q&A session
 Bye.
 I'll see you next time.
 Yes, thank you for...
 Thank you for waiting.
 The floor is now open for questions.
 If you have a question, please send us through the Zoom chat.
 We will read and answer them in the order received.
 Also, please make sure your name and company are adequately displayed to introduce you to the audio.
 Please lower your hand once your question is answered.
 Should any participant need assistance, send a chat message or raise your hand.
 Please hold where we vote for questions.
 Thank you.
 Our first question is from Fred McGann from Bank of America.
 How much additional oxide do you see in gas over the next few years?
 To what extent could this be held or limited by transportation capacity?
 Hey, Frank.
 and thank you for
 joining us
 in the call
 And we did that.
 that the
 transportation capacity
 going out
 from the Neukkina Basin will be
 almost or completely full next winter
 So, as we have been saying, we talked about this in the previous conference call, it is crucial for the country to increase its infrastructure, its transportation capacity from the Kenya Basin to Buenos Aires, to the center of the country.
 and the government is
 fortunately working on
 on that
 project. We hope
 It will be launched soon, but we have no clarity on when will that happen.
 but definitely the country
 in order to
 continue increasing the gas production
 and neukinidating.
 there is a need
 to build a new infrastructure.
 And this makes a lot of sense for the country
 receiving
 we will
 import less LNG
 which costs
 at least four or five times more expensive.
 and we are also importing during the winter
 in diesel oil
 and fuel oil
 needing for all these
 imports
 dollars
 that are scary,
 scarce
 in
 country.
 so
 in
 regarding the
 additional
 website for
 for a company like us
 until this new pipeline
 it's a
 constructed, it could come
 from exports to
 Chile and now that
 the transportation capacity out of the Neukina Basin is completely full,
 it makes sense to allow firm exports to Chile
 not only on the summer months
 But throughout the year, I think that that will be the next step of growth for the industry.
 So I'm going to numbers because of what we have committed on the third round.
 our growth
 on winter
 of 2022
 this winter will be roughly
 about 30%.
 So next winter, we will be delivering 11 millions of fluid meters of natural gas per day starting in May.
 vis-a-vis an average of
 8.5 million
 kilometers of gas per day
 that we deliver this winter.
 this winter we have been
 Ramping up.
 Stuck-dee-dine.
 at 7
 and ended in September
 at
 9.5
 Unfortunately, originally we were thinking that our production was going to slow down
 during the summer months,
 but thanks to the exports of electricity
 that the country is doing to
 to Brazil
 and
 We are able to maintain the production.
 so we currently are selling the same level of gas that we sold during the winter
 and we are keeping a plateau of
 9.3, 9.5
 million cubic meters of gas per day and we think this situation will stay
 throughout the summer
 and probably until next May
 when our
 the
 Our production will jump again to 11 million.
 Thank you, Ruth.
 Our next question comes from Ezequiel Fernandez from Balagas.
 His first question is about results were great on the oil and gas side, but lifting costs
 have been increasing as of late. At six dollars per barrel, this is almost one dollar per barrel
 versus one year ago? Is this related to the production run path? Perhaps cost surges related
 to global supply chain?
 How should we think about this going forward?
 there is a second question
 but let's answer the first one.
 Hi, it's Jen. How are you?
 So basically, yes, it's an important increase in our production.
 And that's why there's more fixed costs.
 And also, this is the first year of the podcast, and last year we did nothing.
 It was totally no activity compared to here.
 And then there's a lot of increases in salaries and wages, so in real terms, in dollars, it's an increase.
 and the second question is very related to the first one also are you perceiving cost increases
 some rigs and drilling equipment that you should be using next year or are you already constructed for that?
 We are already contracted and we've seen a slight increase in cost, but nothing out of normal.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Ruth.
 Our next question comes from Alejandra Aranda from Itaú.
 it's very related to the first question of sound.
 Could you give us an update of what you're seeing
 in the gas market and bottlenecks
 to further develop the segment and timing of Next Plan Gas R rounds, or further alternatives
 that you could explore to continue increasing volumes?
 or should we view the 11.3 meters per day on winter at 30 states for the near future?
 Could you share development costs and what IRR costs are you using for new projects?
 Thank you.
 Well,
 Mm-hmm.
 well so it's uh it says uh we should be viewing it depends if we get um the
 the new pipeline, the new main pipeline that the government is pushing a lot to make it happen.
 we could see by 2023
 I always say 2024
 given the timing of building a better and higher winter production by 2024.
 You saw in the presentation, we expect to get $11 million by 2022,
 but in order to increase from that
 we are still linked
 depends
 on the
 expansion in the main pipeline.
 what do you think about that
 Gustavo, about the bottlenecks.
 the reason why we were so aggressive
 in this third round
 It's because we understand two things.
 but one is that we understand that until the the new pipeline is working the gas market from the
 the leukemia basin will be very much constrained.
 That's why we wanted to be aggressive here.
 the second reason why we were
 very aggressive
 is because of the quality
 of our portfolio
 and the reason why we are so competitive
 and we have
 I'm not comfortable giving
 IRs, but
 I can tell you that
 that's
 comfortable
 our IRR expectation that we have.
 but our portfolio
 we are still able
 to continue
 developing
 shale
 type gas reserve
 instead of shale gas.
 most of our
 colleagues in the industry in order to
 to maintain production
 or to growth
 or
 to maybe grow
 its production has been
 going after or developing shale gas
 While we have the fortune of having within our portfolio still good reserves of type gas,
 which are favorable in economic terms vis-a-vis shape.
 That's why we've been so aggressive.
 So, going forward, after the growth that we will have in 2022, and until new...
 a new infrastructure
 is built
 The only chance to continue growing, as I said, is through exports to Chile.
 So increasing our market share of export to Chile.
 that is
 the situation
 Thank you, Ruth.
 Our next question comes from Constantino Paparias from Puente.
 Good morning and congratulations on the result. Thank you.
 Could you share your expectations on the EDITA impact by the maturity of the 180-megawatt
 PPA of Loma de la Lata
 has been survived.
 Hi, Constantino, it's for you.
 So there's two PPAs at my tree this year.
 one very small
 in July of this year
 and then
 the big one
 loma lalata
 combine
 Performa basis
 It's
 $60 million
 dollars per year of
 decrease. So they will be billing around $15 million
 per year of the VTA as we speak.
 console.
 Well, I didn't even spot energy.
 Thank you, Liz.
 Our next question comes from Guilherme Levy from Morgan Stanley.
 I wanted you to understand the current
 I'm not too tight.
 for to advance in new M&A in EMT.
 if the company could take advantage of their current macro environment
 to expand this Shea Lake Ridge
 at a more attractive valuation,
 any shale gas exploration is not a priority at this point.
 Can you repeat the question?
 Thank you.
 sorry i wanted to understand the current appetite to
 advancing new M&A opportunity in EMP
 if the company could take advantage
 of the current macroenvironment to expand its shell acreage at a more attractive valuation,
 even if Shell does exploration is not a priority at this point.
 I would say that
 We are very comfortable with the gas reserve and the portfolio on natural gas that we have,
 and we don't need to increase those reserves.
 it could be different on the on the old side
 we
 I saw
 been in our history
 and continues to be
 we are always
 searching for
 opportunities, nothing has
 Nothing concrete has
 has materialized, but we're still looking for opportunities on the oil side.
 oil reserves in Argentina.
 Thank you, Goose.
 There is one question about M&A from Michael Shem.
 It's very related to the last one.
 What opportunities to invest or acquire gas-related assets given the improving outlook?
 Is the probability of the new pipeline increasing based on support from an interest of the IMF?
 I think the part of the M&A
 I already answered.
 we are not looking
 doesn't make sense
 for us
 to increase our portfolio of natural gas.
 not even if the pipeline is built
 and we can significantly increase our production.
 we have a
 and we have
 Reserves of excellent quality, probably the most competitive of the Neukinia Basin.
 so we don't see a need to
 to increase our portfolio there.
 I'm going to be a good one.
 in the VNF
 I have no clue
 what the AMF
 things about
 this but I would say that
 It's so obvious that it will have the macro of Argentina.
 the cost of building
 this pipeline will be
 we've paid
 almost immediately
 probably in a year, year and a half, two years
 obviously
 with the Ben on
 would
 at what price
 And
 But,
 winter gas is sold in Argentina
 and what is the import parity that we will be replacing.
 but I'm sure
 and
 within current pricing gets repaid very, very quickly.
 so
 although
 I cannot tell you for sure
 I would say that
 the
 to anyone that analyzes the situation it's an obvious it's very obvious that
 Dylan needs to do this pipeline.
 Thank you, Wolf.
 Our next question comes, there was another question from Ezequiel Fernandez from Balance.
 The second question is related to the cash position.
 With the 2022 cash flow also expected to be pretty good, what are you thinking about cash uses regarding buyouts, the 2023 bonds, or possible investment during the next year?
 here.
 the guy did
 our cash position, we have
 will be
 increasing our
 investments within our
 and
 our core businesses
 So in order to increase our gas production by 30% next year,
 That is a significant capex that we will be doing.
 we will also
 we hope to
 as leader
 said
 that we are
 eager to
 expand our wind farm, PP3, by deciding between 60 to 80 megawatts of capacity and started
 construction
 as soon as possible.
 and
 And regarding repurchase of our own assets, you know that we do that on our opportunistic situation.
 so
 if
 If there is an opportunity to repurchase our own debt or our own shares,
 we would probably go back to that
 we have been
 we have not been doing so
 recently because
 because of the price
 the
 it goes
 both
 our debt and our shares
 has been recently
 going up
 So we've stopped repurchase of shares
 and we haven't been repurchasing our own debt for a while.
 But we might resume at any time if there is an opportunity.
 Thank you, Rukul.
 Thank you, Guth.
 Our next question comes from Anne Miele from Bank of America.
 two questions.
 The first one, you commented there was a temporary price increases for some thermal
 capacity between September and May and linked with exports by Canessa. Can you
 Can you tell us more about this, please?
 And this is not only for thermal, it's also for hydros.
 Yeah, it was just published a few days ago, and it's two things.
 for the legacy capacity
 in power simulations
 machines that had a low dispatch
 were not
 collecting the full price of capacity.
 were collecting, if I'm not wrong, 70% of the full price of capacity because of their low
 dispatch
 sixty
 percent of the of the price of the capacity
 They have eliminated this reduction factor, and they did it on a retroactive since September.
 so
 from September
 to make
 this reduction
 in the price of capacity
 at
 disappear
 that
 In our case, it helps our Central Thermica Güemes in the north
 and Central Piedra Buena in the south of the province of Buenos Aires,
 which are steam turbines
 that have low
 load this patch
 that roughly
 to give you an idea
 has a
 $1.2 million
 dollar per month of
 of additional
 revenues
 And the other news was this new fund related to export of electricity to Brazil.
 and as long as
 Carnesa continues
 and we feel that it will continue
 throughout all the
 the summer and into
 until next May
 exporting electricity
 to Brazil
 part of that profit
 is shared
 with the
 legacy capacity
 so
 I think it's
 $10 per megawatt hour
 that is
 that
 goes to this fan and
 And the fund is shared among the units that have dispatched energy during that month.
 And, for example, for us, in the month of September, that was an additional $1.2 million of revenues.
 so in total both
 these two new regulatory changes added, in September, $2.5 million of revenues.
 Thank you, Gouf. Our second question from Anne Neume is 2022 outlook. Let me mention that we don't give any guidance. We can give you what we have in the budget.
 the question is
 What are your current campus forecast for next year?
 How do you expect the power and oil and gas market to evolve next year?
 to the extent it is possible to provide any commentary.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Hi.
 Hi, Ann. How are you?
 so this year has been
 a very
 interesting year
 next year we
 expect to maintain a little bit lower the EMP capex. EMP this year is
 forecasted to end at around 200 million dollars next year it's uh it's will be close to that but
 a little bit lower, because a lot has been done this year, as the first year of Plungas.
 power generation will remain very similar a little bit higher this year was
 $40 million next year.
 we are expecting to do
 only 60. This is just
 maintenance there's no expansions in this and this is not including Baradam and that's it
 If it's a compare, this year total, it's $250 million, more or less, of CAPEX.
 And next year, we are expecting something a little bit lower than that, but pretty similar.
 Thank you, Liz.
 Our next question comes from Florencia Majorga from MedLife.
 After an impressive delivery, what's next for Tampa?
 do you expect to keep leverage below 1.5 times on a consistent basis?
 Okay, so the answer would be no.
 in general
 terms
 we feel
 comfortable below 2.5x but if there are some opportunities for investment in the upcoming years
 that ratio could increase a little bit.
 Thank you, Niko.
 Our next question comes from Carolina Carneiro from CREI-3.
 This is related to the legacy remuneration in addition to the transitionary remuneration
 we got this month.
 Do we have any updates for price adjustment scheme for legacy capacity generation?
 Any views on Generation Dispatch you can share for next quarters given hydro situation in Latin America and possible impacts from La Nina.
 Thank you.
 non-judiciales.
 no we are not envisioning
 I think what we have just received regarding remuneration of our legacy capacity will be all until next February.
 that is when
 Then the next February
 we should be getting
 the price adjustment
 as remembered this year
 we've got a 29% increase.
 it was slightly
 below
 2020 inflation
 within that
 this February we will be connecting
 something
 similar to
 2021 inflation
 that's what I'm thinking
 most probable scenario
 but
 it's personal
 expectation.
 there's no
 guidance from
 the regulator.
 Thank you, Goose.
 Our next question is an additional question from Alejandra Aranda from Bank Itaú.
 Follow up, how much do you believe we could export to Chile
 and what kind of prices are you getting?
 Thank you.
 Under my phone, under my phone.
 Okay, we are currently exporting 1.5 million cubic meters of natural gas per day to Colbun.
 that's on a firm
 basis and
 then
 interrumpible
 how do you think
 of a
 great
 Stop.
 Yeah, it's a spot gas.
 we are selling around
 han adicionado
 In average, it changes every day, but around half a million cubic meters of gas, additional gas.
 so between
 between 1.8 to 2 million cubic meters
 per day is what we are currently
 selling to
 to Chile.
 expectation going forward
 but it's not going to happen
 until
 you
 probably
 next
 springing in Argentina
 could be to
 to double those
 those exports
 but
 it's not something
 that will happen
 would happen
 in the short term
 as we are at full production capacity these days.
 until May of next year
 We are almost at full capacity of production.
 Thank you, Bruce.
 Please hold while we poll for more questions.
 Our next question comes from
 Liliana Yang
 from HSBC.
 Could you please disclose CAPEX plans for a business segment?
 Keep in mind that this is not a guidance, this is the latest budget that we have.
 Hi, Lily. How are you?
 So, because some people are saying that they couldn't hear the start.
 Basically, this year, we are ending $250 million of CAPEX.
 This is at the restricted group, 200 from EMP.
 next year
 we are
 We're estimating something a little bit lower than that.
 It's around 180, 90.
 not very
 different from this year
 but a little bit lower
 Our generation is a little bit higher.
 This year was $40 million worth of my payments CapEx.
 remember that we end this all
 our expansions
 in the restrictor group next year.
 there's some special maintenance
 Catholics that we have to do, so we will
 run back from 40 to 60 and then the rest is very small just that pet can so
 So overall, this year is $250, next year around $240, around those levels.
 very similar
 Back over.
 Thank you, Lita.
 Please follow while we pull for more questions.
 Our next question and final one is from Alonso Mesa from Larraín.
 How do you feel about your current NETBAC level?
 we expect further deterioration of the listing cost.
 No, we are not expecting a further duration of the listing cost,
 And we are comfortable, as shown by the aggressiveness in the last round of the plant gas bidding.
 we are very comfortable with the net back levels that we have in the natural gas system.
 Thank you, Ghoulos.
 This concludes the Q&A session.
 We will turn to Lira for final remarks.
 Well, thank you so much for joining us in this exciting quarter.
 Gus, Gaby, Nico
 Would you like to make some remarks?
 Gaby.
 Some words?
 Please.
 That's just a good button.
 well hi everybody
 that's why you say goodbye
 as Gustavo mentioned,
 has been
 very great
 18 years
 in this position
 And I'm only on my executive function, but I will stay in the board, so it's also a great honor for me.
 and
 well, essentially
 I don't know
 what I'm going to do
 let's assume it's like a kind of sabbatical
 and
 I'm quite confident
 the Pampa is in very good shape
 so that's why I felt comfortable
 to make his move at this point in time.
 I know that Nico and all the team will make a great job.
 and I'm also here
 or
 you
 generation and
 for new transactions
 as I hope
 that we
 done. Hopefully
 you
 tools. Thank you very much for your
 button.
 Thank you, Harry.
 All right. See you next quarter in March.
 Thank you so much.
 any questions, just let us know. Write us.
 Contact us.
 we are available for you.
 This concludes today's presentation.
 Thank you for joining.
 You may disconnect at this time.
 Goodbye.