 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for waiting.
 I'm Margarita Choum from IR, and we would like to welcome everyone to Pantyneria's
 quarter 2021 between Charles video conference. We inform you that this event is being recorded.
 All participants will be in listen only mode during representation.
 After the company's remarks, there will be a Q&A session.
 questions can only be submitted in writing so soon.
 Should any participant need assistance, please send a text message or email.
 Before proceeding, please read the disclaimer type that is located on the second page of our presentation.
 And you mentioned that poor-looking statements are based on pump and RGS management release
 and attention, and information currently available to the company.
 They involve briefs, uncertainties, and assumptions because they are related to future events that may or may not occur.
 Investors should understand that general economic conditions and industry conditions and other
 for taking pictures.
 could also affect the future of the South of Santa
 energy and could cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such
 forward-looking statements.
 Now I'll turn the video conference over to Gustavo Mariani
 or vehicles.
 Okay, hello everybody, and thank you for joining our conference call
 So, in case you miss the news, am I right?
 Am I?
 I mean, I think I am.
 Uh-huh.
 Sorry about that.
 In case you missed the news,
 Gaby Cohen, after sharing 18 years with us, decided to step down from his CFO position.
 Fortunately, he will remain as a member of our Board of Directors, so we will continue
 taking advantage of his wisdom and expertise.
 Gaby's well-earned trust and respect from the investor community has allowed PAMPA to
 to become the company that it is today.
 So our appreciation is tough to say in a few words.
 Javi, thank you very much for all you have done for the company.
 Yesterday, the board of directors accepted the Javis resignation and appointed Nicolás
 Nico Lapp's engine, which is sitting at my right,
 as we have a new CFO.
 Nico is an industrial engineer, he has been leading the M&A division of PAMPA for eight
 years already. He has played a key role in the acquisition of Cesar Blasa,
 Argentina a
 Significant milestone for for our company and since then have been focusing
 among other things in reorganizing the portfolio of assets to focus in the core business that
 that we have today.
 Niko, together with Gary's team, has all that it's necessary to succeed in his role,
 So we wish him good luck in his new endeavor.
 Thank you.
 Thank you so much for your support.
 Good morning, everyone.
 Thank you for joining and I'm very excited.
 I'm very excited to be in this new chapter of my professional career in PANBA.
 I have been working in Pampa, along Gustavo, Gaby,
 and all of Bamba's team and partner for the last eight years.
 Gabi has done an excellent job in the financial front.
 has put together an excellent team. So the idea is to continue on the same path. So now that
 that travels and conferences are slowly resuming.
 I can't wait to meet all of Pampa's investors in person soon.
 So now I will pass to Lida, who will briefly comment on the quarter highlights and then
 Later we will open to the Q&A.
 Thank you, Nico.
 Hello, everyone.
 In the interest of time, I will summarize the latest events and financial figures for
 For more details, you can find the link in the description below.
 Thanks for watching.
 and check.
 release or feel free to contact us.
 On Quarters Highlights, our EMP business achieves all-time high production of almost
 This is the begrudges.
 300.
 million trees feet per day in September, as you can see in the graph. Also, we recorded the highest
 single day, output at 350 million cheese per day.
 Precisely on September 15th.
 The recovery of demand, exports, and plant gas have been the main contributors for this
 scope.
 Moreover, this month, we participated in the third round of Landas, a take-off pay auction
 to fill the remaining idle capacity at your kinesis.
 the tender, we tender, I got a order, 21 million QC per day.
 two thirds of the total tender volume.
 committing to deliver from May 2022 until December 2024 at $3.35 per new BTU. Therefore,
 The following winter, we should be producing a new all-time high of 400 million trees per day,
 Bill in an annual average price of frequency dollars can be a little bit teal.
 We highlight that PAMBA is the only producer delivering the most significant gas increase
 compared to the leader of 2020.
 In power generation, we are moving on with the PP3 wind power expansion project by doubling its capacity to reach a total of 106 megawatts.
 networks. We have seen roughly $80 million of investment that will allow us to keep
 Increasing.
 clean energy portfolio and strengthening our position in the business-to-business market.
 In Q3, we achieve a substantial leverage reduction.
 Our next...
 That decreased by $125 million in a single quarter.
 Year to date, we have accumulated $230 million
 of net leverage with action.
 Finally, we just wanted to let you know that we released a 2020, our 2020 Sustainability
 reports.
 audited for the first time.
 We show material improvements in water consumption, energy consumption, or carbon footprint intensities.
 in line with the previous year's efforts to invest in efficient power technology and
 focus on gas.
 transparency to share our ESG performance with our stakeholders and the European is always welcome.
 Now, let's move on to the quarter's financial capability.
 use increase 49% year-on-year to $577 million in the quarter, mainly driven by
 by Plangas, boosted by the winter season.
 be man-recovering and commodities.
 Christ hikes.
 All of them were partially upset
 by certain power plant solvages and carry freeze
 in our utility business.
 Thank you for watching.
 See you in the next video.
 Over 85% of our sales and EVDA were dollar licks.
 The adjusted EDA amounted to $262 million, 27 percent year-on-year due to some reasons
 until before.
 set by higher EMPAT.
 quarter, ABDA increased by 9 percent, many due to seasonality and higher peripterum volume
 of set by increased raw material cause,
 Infection and Otages at Energia Plus Power Units.
 Thanks to the strong investments and production growth, all our gas is balancing back its
 to be a share for the first time in three years.
 topics almost double your year.
 in Q3, but we mentioned in our quarter of quarter.
 mainly because of the planned gas and barrage expansion,
 observed by the permission of Geneva's second CGT
 backing through live 2020.
 Moving on to power generation, I've seen them slide seven.
 We're posting an adjusted E.A. of $126 million in two-thirds.
 It might be lower, you don't hear, mainly due to the outages that we said before, and
 the end of the Kirinda's 10-year CPI,
 of sets by higher B2B cells.
 and higher thermal dispatch, especially at Loma.
 In the legacy units, the 29% best thought that we received last February was eluded by
 inflation, the evaluation side.
 quarter-on-quarter, ABDA increased marginally due to the better V2D cells and seasonality
 obsessed by the retroactive spot price update.
 A spot energy is 59% of our capacity, but only represented 24% of our power generation UVDA,
 which will keep shrinking unless the commission of prior adjustments keep up with the evaluation.
 As these essential units to the Greek continue being on the bay, it will be challenging to
 to maintain them properly.
 However, recently, the government approves a printing
 For thermal legacy units, especially those with low, low factor,
 That improvement is temporary payable between September and May and linked with the electricity exports made by guns
 Moving to PAMTA-STA operating figures, power generation in Q3 was 30% up year-on-year,
 forecasting mission-wide demands. We record a higher CCCT, dispatch a LOMA and Senegal
 number one facility due to the better gas supply plus increased thermal dispatch with
 alternative fuels, obsessed by the plus-units altitudes and low water input at PPP-computing.
 Quarter on quarter, the output rose 18 percent, driven by seasonality, but upset by the aforementioned
 voltages.
 The coward generation business model relies on capacity payment, so the most important
 to keep the availability as high as possible, especially for PPAs.
 The availability rate in Q3 reached 95 percent, slightly lower year on year, mainly due to
 We love you.
 except loose units, partial outages.
 We are in our expansions, the closing to CCT at Ensenada Real is more than 60% of theirs.
 continue working on the steam turbine, cooling tower, boilers, and diabeters.
 Also, we are finishing the field of works and commissioning the high-voltage field.
 1,700 people work in two ships with all the COVID protocols in place to achieve the COD
 by second quarter of 2022.
 Going to the EMB, we posted an adjusted EDA of $104 million in Q3.
 a remarkable growth year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter,
 driven by time gas, winter season, and demand recovery,
 upset by more royalties and resumption of activity.
 Our total lifting costs increased 36% year-on-year and 26% quarter-octave,
 explained by higher production output.
 However, lifting costs per unit stood at $6 per BOE.
 You learned percent more than last year, but seen her to crew, too.
 This is many thanks to Mangrusha's high productivity.
 Our global production increased 23% year-on-year and 20% quarter-on-quarter.
 Again, mainly driven by prong gas winter and the local old demand recovery to pre-pandemic
 levels.
 As a result, we average more than 57,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, of which 92% is gas.
 On the other side, which represented 25% of the settlement's revenue in the quarter,
 The volume saw increased by 40 percent year-on-year and 31 percent quarter-on-quarter to 5.9 thousand
 bottles per day.
 mainly screened by the local demand, upset by lower exports.
 And all the price, driven by the rent, was 50% increase compared to the last year, but
 remacing our court of court.
 We got it.
 gas, as shown in the slide 10, our volumes so averaged 526 million feet per day in the
 the quarter, roughly 25% up year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter for the reasons it's going
 before.
 Going back to our production performance, as I said before, we reach an open, high-rate
 core in September.
 Again, in Manrusha, let the quarters grow.
 contributing close to 70% of our overall gas.
 This block is wholly owned and operated by us.
 without any productivity.
 bolstered by the increased treatment capacity.
 Our level average price of the quarter was $12.4 per new BTU.
 76% up year-on-year and 14% increase, quarter-on-quarter.
 Again, explained by the time that's in the peak.
 the B2B and spot prices out of this GSA also reflected the seasonality scenario to Plungas
 pricey levels.
 As you can see right below, the year today's cells were more diversified, similar to the
 the country's breakdown.
 Gas retailers are also part of the fund gas, and they have priorities in the winter, increasing
 their share to 39 percent.
 Also, we are growing, as you can see, our B2B share.
 Regarding our EMP operations update, we strengthened our investment by recording $52 million during
 the quarter, while it was marginal last year. This quarter, we drilled eight types as well,
 also we completed 16 worlds of which 15 are tight and one is shelled from Sierra Echata, a block that
 reached the maximum production rate of 28 million kilos per day, becoming one of the
 and most productive as well in Bata Muerta.
 Also, as I said in the previous call,
 We are expanding the gas treatment plan at the Manrusho,
 reaching about 310 million QC per day
 by the first half of next year.
 in oil, which will 13 wells, and completed 10 at Egobernador
 Asala and El Dorisio.
 Moving to the petrochemical business, we posted an attractive EDA of $7 million in the Q-free,
 You know you're here.
 the higher raw material costs and plan loss impact compensated for the significant rise
 and commodity prices and industrial demand recovered.
 quarter-on-quarter, the ABDA has to be driven by hydro-material costs offset by increased
 cells of reforming products.
 year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter to those cells, volume increase was significant, especially
 with forming products.
 In addition, roughly 50% of other quarter cells were exported.
 about cash and debt, though we are raising our capital to accommodate
 and gas commitments, we must highlight another quarter
 with solid cash flow position, a generation.
 driven by the outstanding operating performance
 from our core businesses and improve margins in the upstream.
 Doing Q-free, the free cash flow resulted in roughly $108 million.
 In comparison last year's quarter, we presented a $68 million soft flow due to the higher working
 capital.
 Notice that this quarter, working capital and others,
 with both of this, mostly displayed by improved collections from Prometa, as shown in slide
 13.
 Delays have to 23 days compared to the maximum 46 days achieving Q1 of this year.
 In addition, we repaid a net of $50 million of principal debt, and both that shares for
 freezing in dollars.
 So in total, we generated $44 million of net cash,
 achieving $507 million of cash position
 position by the end of the quarter.
 Moving on to the slide 14, this slide shows consolidated figures, including our affiliated
 ownership. But let's focus only on the restricted group that reflects the bomb
 Perimeters.
 As we began the call, our balance sheet keeps us trending despite the context.
 We continue to reduce the gross debt, having cancelled most of the pessimistic activities
 the quarter for $65 million, posting $1.5 billion after September 2021.
 Almost 100% of the debt is denominating dollars up from the 96% in June.
 The dollar debt, there's an average interest rate of 7.8 percent.
 the average life remains similar at certain some years.
 As said before, cash increased 10% quarter on quarter to $507 million.
 Therefore, net debt decreased by $125 million to $917 million.
 a remarkable reduction just in a single quarter.
 However, given the lower debt and high EVDA, the net leverage ratio improved from 1.7 to
 to 1.4 times quarter on quarter.
 In the next 12 months, the company faces less than $20 million of maturities.
 Therefore, we expect to keep strengthening our balance sheet.
 As a result, S&P upgraded our standalone rating to B minus.
 So this concludes our presentation, and before we would like to open the Q&A session.
 Bye
 Yes, thank you for it.
 Thank you for waiting.
 The floor is now open for questions.
 If you have a question, please send up through the Zoom chat.
 we will read and answer them in the order received.
 Also, please make sure your name and company are adequately displayed to introduce you to the audience.
 Please lower your hand once your question is answered.
 Should any participant need assistance, send a chat message or raise your hand.
 Please call where we call for questions.
 Our first question is from Trav McGahn from Bank of America.
 How much additional oxide do you see in gas over the next few years?
 To what extent could this be held or limited by transportation capacity?
 Hi Frank and thank you for joining us in the course.
 And we believe that the transportation capacity
 Going out from the inhalation will be almost or completely full next next winter
 So, as we have been saying, we talked about this in the previous conference call.
 It is crucial for the country to increase its infrastructure
 transportation capacity from the Nukina basin to Buenos Aires and to the center of the country.
 And the government is fortunately working on that project.
 I hope it will be launched soon, but we have no clarity on when that will happen, but definitely
 the country in order to continue increasing the gas production at the nuclear basin.
 There is a need to build new infrastructure, and this makes a lot of sense for the country
 Because with this new pipeline, the country will be replacing extensive imports that we
 We do.
 got from Bolivia that cost around double from what the local producers are receiving.
 We will import less LNG, which costs at least four or five times more expensive than we
 are also important during the winter in diesel oil and fuel oil.
 need in for all these imports, dollars that are scattered in the country.
 So, regarding the additional lab site for a company like us, until this new pipeline
 it constructed, it could come from exports to cheese and now that the transportation
 capacity out of the Nukina basin is completely full. It makes sense to allow firm exports
 to Chile.
 And
 we are
 Not only on the summer months, but throughout the year.
 I think that that will be the next step of growth for the industry.
 So, and I'm going to numbers because of what we have committed on the third round, our
 growth on winter of 2022, peace and peace, this winter will be roughly about 30 percent
 So next winter, we will be delivering 11 million
 of 3 meters of natural gas per day, starting in May.
 This is an average of 8.5 million cubic meters of gas per day that we deliver this winter.
 This winter we have been ramping up, started at 7 and ended in September at 9.5.
 Unfortunately, originally we were thinking that our production was going to slow down
 during the summer months, but thanks to...
 the exports of electricity that the country is doing to Brazil.
 We are able to maintain the production, so we currently are selling the same level that
 gas as we saw during the winter and we are keeping a plateau of 9.3, 9.5 billion kilometers
 of gas per day.
 And we think this situation will stay throughout the summer and probably until next May when
 I work.
 in
 Our production will jump again to 11 million.
 I think that...
 Thank you Rumuz.
 Our next question comes from Efequiel Fernández from Válaga.
 His first question is about results were great on the oil and gas side but lifting costs
 have been increasing as of late at $6 per barrel per barrel.
 This is almost one dollar per bottle versus one year ago.
 is this related to the production from past?
 her half-closet service related to global supply chain,
 How should we think about this going forward?
 There is a second question.
 but let's answer this first one.
 Hi, it's again, how are you?
 So basically, yes, it's important, please,
 You know, protection has to be applied.
 There's more.
 And also, we, this is the first year of the program, so it's a, and last year, we did
 nothing.
 absolutely no activity compared to secure.
 There's a lot of quizzes in salaries and wages.
 So, in real terms, in dollars, it's an increase.
 The second question is very related to the first one.
 Also, are you proceeding costing free seats on brakes and drilling equipment that you
 should be using next year or are you already contracted for that?
 We already contracted and we've seen a slight increase in costs, but nothing out of normal.
 Thank you. Thank you, Bruce. Our next question comes from Alejandra Aranda from Itaú. It's
 very related to the first question of the round, could you give us an update of what
 you're seeing in the gas market and bottlenecks to further develop the segment and timing
 of next-langas are round or further alternatives that you could explore to continue increasing
 volumes, or should we view the 11 million units per day on winter at steady state for
 in the near future.
 development costs and what IRR costs are you using for new projects?
 Thanks.
 Well, me?
 the new pipeline, the new main pipeline that the government is pushing a lot to make it
 happen.
 We could see by 2023, I always say 2024, given the timing of building a better and higher winter production by 2024.
 you saw in the presentation, we expect to get $11 million by 2022, but in order to increase
 from that we are still linked depends on the extension in the main pipeline.
 Do you think about that?
 We'll talk about the bottlenecks.
 The reason why we were so aggressive in this third round is because we understood two things.
 One is that we understand that until the new pipeline is working, the gas market from the
 will be very much constrained.
 That's why we wanted to be aggressive here.
 The second reason why we were very aggressive is because
 of the quality of our portfolio, and the reason why we are so competitive and we have not
 comfortable giving IRRs, but I can tell you that it's a comfortable IRR expectation that
 we have, but our portfolio, we are still able to continue developing a tight gas reserve
 instead of shade us.
 most of our colleagues in the industry in order to
 in order to maintain production or to growth,
 or to slightly grow its production has been going after or developing shale gas, why we
 We have the fortune of having, within our portfolio still, good reserves of tight gas,
 which are favorable in economic terms vis-à-vis shape.
 That's why we have been so aggressive.
 So going forward, after the growth that we will have in 2022 and until a new infrastructure
 is built, the only chance to continue growing, as I said, is through exports to Chile, so
 increase in our market share of export to Chile.
 That is the situation.
 Thank you, August. Our next question comes from Constantino Papalias from Puente.
 Good morning, and congratulations on the results.
 Thank you.
 Could you share your-
 expectations on the editor impact by the maturity of the 180 megawatt PPA of Loma de la Letha's
 See you in the next video.
 Hi, Constantinos, how are you?
 So there's two PPAs at my tree this year, one very small, Kirema, in July of this year.
 And then the big one, Lomaralata, combined for formal basis, it's $60 million per year
 decreased.
 So, they will be billing around $15 million per year of VTRA, as we speak.
 for any spot energy.
 Thank you, Leeds.
 Our next question comes from Guillermo Ledi from Morgan Stanley.
 I wanted you to understand the current aspect for to advance in new M&A in EMT.
 If the company could take advantage of the current macro environment to expand its shoelake
 at a more abstract evaluation.
 even if shale gas exploration is not a priority at this point.
 Can you repeat the question?
 Is that a good question?
 Sorry, I wanted to understand the current appetite to advancing new M&A opportunity
 EMP if the company could take advantage of the current macro environment to expand its
 shell acreage at a more attractive evaluation, even if shell death exploration is not a priority at this point.
 I would say that we are very comfortable with the gas reserve and the portfolio on natural
 that we have and we don't need to increase those reserves, it could be different on the
 We also, as always being in our history and continues to be, we are always searching
 for opportunities, nothing concrete has materialized, but we're still looking for opportunities
 on the all, all side.
 and...
 oil response in Argentina.
 Thank you.
 There is one question about M&A from Michael Shen.
 It's very related to the last one.
 What opportunities to invest or acquire gas-related assets given the improving outlook is the
 probability of the new pipeline increasing based on support from an interest from an
 interest of the IMF?
 No, I think the part of you, the money I read the answer, we have not looked at it.
 doesn't make sense for us to increase our portfolio of natural gas.
 Even if the pipeline is built and we can significantly increase our production, we have a resource
 of excellent quality.
 probably the most competitive of the neukinavation, so we don't see a need to increase our portfolio
 there.
 And regarding the IMF, I have no clue what the IMF thinks about this, but I would say
 that it's so obvious that it was kept the macro of Argentina, the cost of building this
 pipeline will be repaid.
 Almost immediately, probably in a year, year and a half, two years, obviously it will depend
 on at what price the winter gas is sold in Argentina and what is the import parity that
 be replacing but I'm sure within current pricing gets repaid very very quickly so
 So although I cannot tell you for sure,
 I would say that the, do anyone that analyzes the situation, it's an obvious, it's very
 always that Washington needs to do this by blank.
 Thank you.
 We'll see you in the next video.
 I have a question from Efequiel Fernández, from Valence.
 The second question is related to the cash position, with a 2022 cash flow also expected
 to be...
 video footage.
 You can do it.
 What are you thinking about trash uses regarding buyouts?
 the 2023 bonds or possible investment during the next year.
 year.
 Because of our cash position, we have, first, will be increasing our investments within
 our core businesses, so in order to increase our gas production by 30% next year, that
 It's a significant, it affects that we will be doing,
 that we will be doing.
 We will also, we hope to, as Lida said, we are eager to expand our wind farm, Petetrez,
 Bye.
 deciding between 60 to 80 megawatts of capacity and started construction as soon as possible.
 And regarding the purchase of our own assets, you know that we do that on an opportunistic
 situations so if there is an opportunity to repurchase our own debt or our own shares
 we would probably go back to that,
 have been we have not been doing so recently because because of the the price
 because both our debt and our shares have been recently going up, so we stopped repurchase
 of shares and we haven't been repurchasing our own debt for a while.
 that we might assume that any time you experience an opportunity.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from Anne Neely from Bank of America. She has two questions. The first one you commented
 There was a temporary price increases for some thermal capacity between September and May
 and linked with eSports by Canessa.
 Can you tell us more about this please?
 And this is not only for thermal, it's also for hydrous.
 Yeah, it was just published a few days ago, and it's two things.
 the legacy capacity in power generations, machines that
 had a low dispatch, we're not collecting the full price of capacity.
 and you were collecting, if I'm not wrong,
 70% of the price of capacity because of their low dispatch.
 60% of the price of the capacity.
 And they have eliminated this reduction factor.
 So, and they did it on a repetitive.
 So, the retroactive since September, so from September to May, this reduction in the price
 of capacity had disappeared.
 In our case, it helps our central thermic abuemes in the north and central piedrabuena
 in the south of the province of Buenos Aires,
 which are steam turbines that have low dispatch.
 And that roughly to give you an idea, it has a $1.2 million per month of additional revenues.
 And the other news was this new fund related to extra electricity to Brazil, and as long
 as Carmeza continues and we feel that it will continue throughout all the the
 and into until next May, exporting electricity to Brazil.
 Part of that profit is shared with the legacy capacity
 So, I think it's $10 per megawatt hour that goes to this fund, and I think it's $10 per
 And the fund is shared among the units that have dispatched energy during that demand.
 For example, for us, in the month of September, that was an additional $1.2 billion of revenues.
 So, in total, both these two new regular trade changes added in September $2.5 million of
 Thank you, Goose.
 Our second question from Anne Neune is 2022 outlook.
 Let me mention that we don't need any vitals.
 We can...
 review what we have in the budget.
 And the question is, what are your current topics forecast for next year?
 How do you expect the power of an oil and gas market to evolve next year?
 To the extent it is possible to provide any comment, any commentary.
 Thank you very much.
 Hi Anne, how are you?
 So this year has been a very interesting year.
 next year, we expect to maintain a little bit lower the EMP CAPEX. EMP this year is forecasted
 at the end of the month, $200 million.
 next year it's it's will be close to that but a little bit lower because a lot
 that has been done this year as the first year of Dengas.
 Power generation will remain a little bit higher.
 This year was $40 million next year.
 We are expecting to do only 60.
 This is just maintenance.
 There's no extensions, and this is not including Barrelem.
 And that says it's a compare this year total is $250 million,
 more or less, of CapEx.
 And next year, we are expecting something a little bit lower than that, but pretty similar.
 Thank you, Leigh.
 Our next question comes from Florencia Mayorda from MetLife,
 after impressive deliberation.
 What's next for a company?
 Do you expect to keep leverage below 1.5 times on consistent basis?
 Okay, so the answer would be no. In general terms, we feel comfortable below 2.5x, but
 But if there are some opportunities for investment in the upcoming years, that ratio could increase
 I'll leave you with it.
 Thank you, Niko. Our next question comes from Carolina Carmeiro from Crazy Sweet.
 This is related to the legacy reverberation in addition to the transitionary reverberation
 we got this month. Do we have any updates for price adjustment scheme for legacy capacity
 generation. Any views on generation dispatch you can share for next quarters given high
 situation in Latin America and possible impacts from La Niña.
 I don't know.
 No, I don't think so.
 No, we're not envisioning, I think, what we have just received
 Regarding the remuneration of our legacy capacity,
 it will be all until next February.
 That is when
 the next February we should be getting the price adjustment as remember this
 this year we've got a 9% increase, it was slightly below 2020 inflation, within that
 this February we will be connecting something similar to 2021 inflation, but that's what I'm
 back in its most probable scenario, but it's personal expectation. There's no
 guidance from the regulator.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is an additional question from Alejandra Aranda from Bank Itaú.
 Follow up, how much do you believe we could export to Chile and what kind of crisis are
 Are you getting?
 On my phone on my phone
 Okay, we are currently exporting 1.5 million cubic meters of natural gas per day to Colburn.
 That's on a firm basis, and then interrumpible.
 How do you say interrumpible?
 Yeah, it's a spot gas. We are sailing around an additional
 So, in average, it changes every day, but around half a million cubic meters of gas.
 I'll leave you with a guess.
 So, between 1.8 to 2 million cubic meters of natural gas per day,
 is what we are currently sending to Chile.
 It's expectation going forward, but it's not going to happen until probably the next spring
 in Argentina could be to double those exports, but it's not something that would happen in
 in the short term, that we are at full production capacity
 these days.
 until May of next year, we are almost at full capacity of production.
 Thank you, Bruce. Please hold while we pull for more questions.
 Our next question comes from Liliana Yang from HSBC.
 Could you please disclose context plans for a business like men, if you mind that this
 is not the case?
 This is not a guidance, this is the latest budget that we have.
 Hi, Nidhi. How are you? So, because some people are saying that they couldn't hear this part.
 Basically, this year, we are ending $250 million of capex.
 This is how they respect the group, 200 from EMP.
 Next year, we are estimating something a little bit lower
 than that, it's around 180, 90, not very different from this year, but a little bit
 Our generation is a little bit higher.
 that they hired this year was $40 million dollars
 with my penis capex.
 Remember that we ended all our expansions.
 We restrict the group.
 next year, there's some special and pain-as-capics that we have to do so we will
 ramp up from 40 to 60 and then the rest is very small just a pep can so overall
 this year to 50 next year around to 40, around those levels.
 It's very similar, but no.
 Thank you, Leah.
 Please follow while we poem for more questions.
 Thank you very much for your attention.
 Our next question and final one is from Alonso Mesa from La Raín.
 How do you feel about your current net-back levels?
 Should we expect further deterioration of the listing cost?
 No, we are not expecting a further duration of the listing cost, and we are comfortable
 as shown by the aggressiveness in the last round of the land gas meeting.
 We are very comfortable with the network levels that we have in the natural gas system.
 Thank you, Goose. This concludes the Q&A session. I will turn to Lira for final remarks.
 Well, thank you so much for joining us in this exciting quarter.
 Goose, Gaby, Nico, would you like to make some remarks?
 Gaby, some words?
 Thank you.
 Just a good buck, eh?
 Well, hi everybody.
 Just to say goodbye, as Gustavo mentioned,
 have been very late 18 years in this position.
 and stepping down only on my executive function
 but I will stay in the board.
 So it's also a great honor for me.
 And well, essentially, I don't know what I'm going to do.
 but let's ask you know it like it kind of sabbatical
 And I'm quite confident that the pump is in very good shape.
 So that's why it felt comfortable to make his move at this point in time.
 So I know that Liko and all the team
 will make a great job.
 And I'm also here.
 So new generation and for new transactions, as I hope that will come, hopefully soon.
 Thank you very much for your time.
 Oh, thank you very much.
 All right. See you next quarter in March. Thank you so much. Any questions? Just let us know, write us, contact us. We are available for you.
 This concludes today's presentation.
 Thank you for joining.
 You may disconnect at this time. Goodbye.