and press the pound or hash key. Please wait for the tone, then say your company name or affiliation and press the pound or hash key. Thank you. This statement should be taken in conjunction with the additional information about risk and uncertainty set forth in CCU's annual report in Form 20-F, filed with the U.S. Security and Exchange Commission, and in the annual report submitted to the CMF and available on our website. It is now my pleasure to introduce Patricio Kotar. Thank you, Claudio, and thank you all for joining us today. In the second quarter of 2021, CCU continued with a positive momentum by posting a strong improvement in volumes and financial results, not only versus last year, but also versus pre-pandemic figures. The latter has been the result of our capability to adapt and operate in a challenging scenario with the COVID-19 pandemic through the execution of a regional plan with three points. The safety for our people, operation, continuity, and financial health, and the successful implementation of a strategy which focuses on maintaining and gaining business scale and market share, along with a gradual recovery in profitability, as we have shown since the fourth quarter 2020. Regarding our consolidated performance, revenues jumped 14.6% during the quarter, boosted by a 30.5% growth in volumes and 13.2% higher average prices in Chilean pesos. The sharp volume expansion was explained by a recovery in consumption, a solid sales execution, and the strength of our portfolio of brands. In terms of financial results, consolidated EBITDA more than tripled versus last year, and EBITDA margin improved from 6.2% to 13.1%. The better financial result was mainly driven by the increase in consolidated volumes as mentioned above, efficiency gains from the Excellencia CCU program with MS DNA expenses as a percentage of net sales decreasing from 45.8% to 39.6%, and 463 basis points expansion in gross margin, mainly due to positive mixed effects and the implementation of revenue management initiatives, and positive net external effects from the appreciation of the Chilean peso against the US dollar, affecting favorably our US dollar denominated cost, partially compensated by one export revenues in foreign currencies and a higher cost in raw material in line with the sharp rally of the commodities during the year. In all, net income totaled a gain of 18,968 million Chilean pesos versus a loss last year. The Chile operating segment, our top line expanded 54.3% due to 40.2% growth in volumes driven by all main categories and 10.1% higher average prices. The higher average prices were associated with both positive mixed effects, mainly based on a strong performance of premium brands in beer and revenue management initiatives. Gross profit grew 65.7% and gross margin improved from 46.1% to 49.5%, mainly as a result of the revenue expansion mentioned above, efficiencies in manufacturing, and the positive net external effect from the appreciation of the Chilean peso against the US dollar, affecting favorably our US dollar denominated cost. This was partially offset by higher costs in raw material. MS DNA expenses as a percentage of net sales improved from 69% to 54.4% due to efficiencies from the Excellencia CCU program. All together, EBITDA improved 18.2% versus last year. The wine operating segment reports an 11% rise in revenue due to a 7.4% expansion in volumes and a 3.4% growth in average prices. Volumes were driven by domestic markets and exports, both posting middle single digit growth. The higher price in Chilean pesos were mainly a consequence of a better mix, which more than offset the appreciation of the Chilean pesos against the US dollar and its negative impact on export revenues. Gross profit was up 6.5% and gross margin decreased from 39.5% to 37.9% in line with a higher cost of wine due to the harvest level of 2020. MS DNA expenses as a percentage of net sales improved from 26.8% to 25.6% thanks to efficiencies driven by the Excellencia CCU program. In all, EBITDA recorded a 4.1% increase while EBITDA margin decreased from 17.8% to 16.7%. In Colombia, finally, where we have a joint venture with Postobon, we finished a positive first half of the year with a volume expansion over 40%, gains in market share, and an improvement in our financial results. Specifically, during the quarter, we expanded volumes over 50% with growth in all main brands and categories, standing out the performance in premium beer. Now, I will be glad to answer any questions you may have. Thank you. If you would like to ask a question, you may signal by pressing star 1 on your telephone keypad. If you're using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment. Once again, star 1 for questions. We'll take our first question from Fernando Oliviar with Bank of America. Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I have two, if I may. The first one is related to Chile. In your opinion, what explains the solid volume growth in your business during the quarter? And in line with this, can you comment what was the volume growth between alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages and how do you expect them to behave in the remaining of the year? And I have another question. I'll wait. Thank you, Fernando. I listened to your voice with a lot of echo. Did you understand the question? Yeah, he's asking about our solid growth during the quarter. Are you listening, Fernando? And on the other hand, I think... How we expect for the rest of the year. Okay, thank you. Again, I listened to you with a lot of echo. This is the reason why I didn't understand you perfectly. I mean, as you know, Fernando, and all the group, Chilean consumers and Chilean population have been receiving a lot of money in our pockets for two reasons. Number one, because of all the expense of the government and the direct subsidies to people. And secondly, because we have been allowed to retire money or to withdraw money from our pension funds. Altogether, I mean, money withdrawn from pension funds has been $50 billion. And subsidies from government around $20 billion. Altogether, $70 billion. It's equivalent to the total expenses of government in a regular year pre-pandemic. So it's a lot of money. On one hand. And on the other hand, there are many expenses that have been restricted as restaurants, travels, vacations, etc. So most of that money has been concentrated on consumption. And this is the reason why our volumes have been extraordinarily high. I mean, at the same time, of course, we are doing our job. We are executing it correctly. We are keeping and gaining market share in the different categories. But the real reason behind this expansion is what I'm explaining. How much it's going to last? Probably

for a semester, a year, 18 months, but no more than that. So I think that it's wise to imagine that this trend will not continue in the future. Having said that, we are gaining scale and we expect to keep our scale and not to lose our scale. I'm going to make our best effort to continue growing. But I think that it's more wise and serious to imagine that this trend probably is going to last in Q3, eventually in Q4. But for 2022, my recommendation is to be much more careful regarding this. Okay, I hope you hear me better. Excuse me, now I'm listening to you perfectly. Oh, okay, great, thank you. In that sense, can you comment what was the growth between alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages? Yes, as you know, we present the segment of Chile or the Chilean segment together because we operate Chile as one segment, multi-category, same sales force, same trucks, same managers. Having said that, we are growing a lot in both segments. In Q2, we grew a little bit less than 40% in beer and a little bit more than 40% in non-alcoholic. Okay, great. And my second question is related to costs. Can you comment what is your outlook for the remaining of the year and 2022? And what are the different measures that you are implementing to mitigate the increase in raw material costs? I mean, I will give you a general answer and then I will ask Felipe Duvernay to discuss on the details on costs. I mean, as you know perfectly and as I mentioned in my introduction, we are facing strong pressures on cost of raw material on one hand and on exchange rate on the other. I mean, exchange rate in Q2 was not too high, but today exchange rate in Chile, before the beginning of this conference, Chilean pesos was 785, I mean to buy a dollar, which is very high. And in order to offset this, we need to do revenue management initiatives, number one, to improve our mix, number two, and to be very efficient in terms of MSVNA. And we have been doing this. I mean, as we know that the current level of volume is something transitory and that sooner than later we'll move to a much normal growth, we have been very careful on this, on hiring people, on keeping our MSVNA and the tight control. I mean, we are managing MSVNA as if we were not growing in our volumes in order to be prepared for the future. And regarding direct costs also, we are doing our best effort in order to make revenue management initiatives in terms of promotions, discounts, to increase the percentage of premium products in our portfolio. As an example, here I have the figures, premiumization. For example, in Q2, here I have, in beer in Chile, premium accounted for more than 40% of our volumes, while in Q2 of 2020, it represented just 23% of our volumes. And same thing in all the different categories. Because, again, we need to be prepared for a future scenario, which is not going to be as good as 2021. Having said that, and regarding particularly raw material, I prefer, Felipe, you to discuss this. As you probably know, Fernando, it's a global pressure on raw material costs. As an example, aluminum year on year increased 60%, PET or resins more than 40%, and so on. You have also international freights increasing a lot. We saw containers from China, the actual cost is about $10,000 per container. So this will last at least for more than one year. This is what we expect. So this outlook. Along with this, we are facing, compared to last year, a more favorable exchange rate that somewhat compensates that, but it's not in our control. But by saying that, especially the Chilean peso and also the Argentine peso are very volatile. So the exchange rate in Chile is volatile for other causes more than international. So at the end, we will continue to face inflationary pressures due to raw materials. So the actions are the ones that Patricio highlighted. Great. Great. Thank you so much. Thank you, Fernando. We'll take our next question from Felipe Yukross with Scotiabank. Hola, Patricio Felipe. Congrats on the results. Maybe let me start with one on the implied price mix, and maybe I can follow up on Chilean market shares. So on the first one, obviously very solid on your international operation. When I look at it on a currency basket basis, it looks like you were able to increase prices in Argentina very aggressively. But obviously there's also a mix effect in there. So I was just wondering if you could break that out for us and give us a bit of color on what's happening on price enforcement or controls in Argentina. And then I'll follow up with Chilean market shares. Thanks. Yes. I mean, in Argentina, thank you, Felipe, for your question. In Argentina, we have been able to cope with inflation in our structural prices. And at the same time, we are improving our mix, both on premium, which is growing, and we have a shift from returnable bottles to cans. And cans are more expensive per liter than returnable bottles, as you know, but the margin is less attractive than bottles. Altogether, we are moving along with inflation, along with our costs. Excellent. And maybe on Chilean market shares, just wondering, I know this is difficult because Nielsen and the other surveyors are having a tough time delivering an apples to apples comparison. But just wondering how you're seeing the market share picture in beer in Chile, given the distribution changes at your competitor. Thanks. Yes. You're right. I mean, Nielsen, it's not completely precise because they have a good reading on what happens in supermarkets, but not the best reading on what happens in mom and pop. Having said that, if you compare our market share in Q2 2021, it's slightly higher than our market share in Q2 2020. But I prefer to say that our market share has been stable in beer in the last many months and years. And we have been able to cope against the competition with its new distribution. Excellent, Carlos. Thank you. And you know what? I'll stop it here so other analysts can ask questions. And maybe I'll get back on the queue if they don't ask my third question. Thank you. Indeed. Thank you, Felipe. As a reminder, star one if you would like to ask a question. We'll take our next question from Mohamed Amid with FGP. Hi, guys. I hope you guys are all well. Thank you for taking my question. Just comparing to 2019, I know you answered to Felipe that you are stable, so partly on cross-investor already. But if you could confirm some of the volume changes versus 2019, Q2, but actually first half 2019 versus first half 2021. Because even there I see 18% growth, which is impressive, and you've given reasons for it. But I just wanted to know if the market has grown that much or maybe in certain segments you've grown faster to get that kind of numbers, particularly beer versus non-beer. Thank you. Yes, indeed. Look, in the Chile operating segment, we grew our volumes. This is first half, no? Yes. First half, six months, and here I have the answer, Mohamed. Regarding volumes from the Chile operating segment, this is non-alcoholic, beer, and spirits. First half of 2021 compared with the first half of 2019, we grew our consolidated volumes by 17.7%. In the international business by 2%. And in the wine operating segment by 16.8%. And in Chile operating segment that was at stable margins, so the market grew that much. So stable market share. Yes, market share was slightly higher. We have been rather stable in beer, growing a little bit.

on non-alcoholic. In fact, do we have the breakdown of these figures in beer and non-alcoholic here, gentlemen? Let me check. But we have grown more in beer than in non-alcoholic, having said that, because the per capita of beer has been expanding. But in both, in non-alcoholic and beer, we are growing, Mohamed, against 2019. In fact, here we have in beer, we have grown in two years, roughly speaking, a little bit more than 40%. 40%. Thank you, guys. Excuse me, this is quarter two. 2021 compared with 2019, quarter two. And year to date, 31. The first semester compared with first semester, 31. Quarter compared with quarter, 41. OK. Sorry, the voice was breaking up a little bit. So am I to understand that you said beer has grown 31% versus first half of 2019? Yes. Yes. And non-alcoholic, roughly 11%. That's it. Remember that, Mohamed, that non-alcoholic suffered much than beer last year also. Well, we also have spirits. But non-alcoholic has grown. Hello? Hello, yes. OK, that's OK. Thank you. Thank you very much for your answer. I'll get back to you. Perfect, thank you. Once again, star one for questions. We'll take a follow-up from Felipe Yukos with Scotia Bank. Great, thanks guys. So I can do a follow-up, maybe on Colombia. You guys had very strong results on the operation with a very strong rise in volume. So I was just wondering if you can give us a little more color on what's going on on the ground there in terms of market share, price, and maybe utilization of the plant. All those would be great if we could get some color. Thank you. Thank you, Felipe. As we mentioned, when we entered into Colombia, we designed our plant for 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, depending on mix, volume, or hectoliters of total volume. And we are running this year at a little bit more than 2 million hectoliters. This is what we expect to sell in this year. So we have a 60% utilization of the plant. We have been growing market share, as I mentioned before. Margins are good in the industry. Prices are growing in line with inflation. And again, we are doing our best effort to increase our volumes and to complete the capacity of the plant, because if we do this, we will be having a good profitability. That was the beginning of the operation, still our purpose, and we are moving in the right direction. Okay, great. Thanks for the color, guys. Congratulations again. Thank you, Felipe. Remember that in Colombia, we operate in two segments, beer and malt. Beer representing more than 80% of the total volume and malt less than 20%. When I say that this is the total volume, this is the total volume of the plant for both categories, beer and malt. Understood. Thanks for the clarification. Thank you. We'll take our next question from Antonio Wiedemann with Lorraine Vell. Antonio Wiedemann. Thank you for taking my question, but I also want to know a little bit more about Colombia, but I think that everything is clear. Thank you. Thank you, Antonio. With no additional questions in queue, I'd like to turn the call back over to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks. Thank you very much. For closing, I'd like to say that during the second quarter of 2021, in a still challenging scenario due to the pandemic, CCU delivered a solid performance in volumes and financial results, improving versus both last year and pre-pandemic figures. Looking ahead, we'll continue investing in the key aspects of the business in order to keep executing the strategy that we have been carrying out, which is continue building strong brands and portfolio and putting our efforts in maintaining and gaining business scale on market share while recovering profitability. The later through revenue management initiatives and efficiencies, particularly in an inflationary scenario. Thank you very much again. That will conclude today's call. We appreciate your participation.

