 and press the pound or hash key.
 Thank you.
 Wait for the tone.
 Then say your company name or affiliation and press the pound or hash key.
 Thank you.
 This statement should be taken in conjunction with the additional information about risk and uncertainty
 set forth in CCU's annual report
 in Form 20F filed with
 the U.S. Security and Exchange Commission
 and in the annual report submitted to the CMF and available on our website.
 It is now my pleasure to introduce Patricio Jodan.
 Thank you, Claudio, and thank you all for joining us today.
 In the second quarter of 2021, CCU continued with a positive momentum by posting a strong
 improvement in volumes and
 financial results, not only
 versus last year, but also versus
 pre-pandemic figures
 The latter has been the result of our capability to adapt and operate in a challenging scenario
 with the COVID-19
 pandemic
 through the
 the execution of a regional plan with three points.
 safety for our people, operation, continuity, and financial health, and the successful implementation
 of the program.
 a strategy which focuses on maintaining and gaining business scale and market share, along
 with a gradual recovery in profitability, as we have shown since the fourth quarter
 2020. Regarding our consolidated performance, revenues jumped 14.6% during the quarter,
 boosted by a 30.5% growth in volumes and 13.2% higher average prices in Chilean Pesos.
 The sharp volume expansion was explained by a recovery in consumption, a solid sales execution, and the strength of our portfolio of brands.
 In terms of financial results, Consolidated EBITDA
 more than tripled versus last year, an EBITDA margin improved from 6.2% to 13.1%.
 the better financial result was mainly driven by the increase in consolidated volumes,
 as mentioned above, efficiency gains from the Excelencia CCU program with MS-DNA expenses
 as well.
 percentage of net sales, decreasing from 45.8% to 39.6%, and 463 basis points expansion in gross margin,
 mainly due to positive mix effects and the implementation of revenue management initiatives,
 And positive net external effects from the appreciation of the Chilean peso against the U.S. dollar, affecting favorably our U.S. dollar denominated cost, partially compensated by one-export revenues in foreign currencies and a higher cost in raw material, in line with the sharp rally of the commodities during the year.
 in all net income
 totalized a gain of 18,968 million Chilean pesos versus a loss last year.
 In the Chile operating segment, our top line expanded 54.3% due to 40.2% growth in volumes driven by all main categories and 10.1% higher average prices.
 The high average prices were associated with both positive mixed effects, mainly based
 on a strong performance of premium brands in beer
 and revenue management initiatives.
 Gross profit grew 65.7%, and gross margin improved from 46.1% to 49.5%, mainly as a result of the revenue expansion mentioned above.
 efficiencies in manufacturing
 and the positive next
 external effect from the appreciation of the Chilean peso against the U.S. dollar, affecting
 favorably, our U.S. dollar denominated
 cost.
 This was partially offset by higher cost in raw material.
 MS-DNA expenses grew 32.3%
 consistent with the higher
 their volume and marketing activities in line with pre-pandemic levels, although as percentage
 of NetSafe MSDNA
 improved from 42.4% to 36.4% due to cost control initiatives through the
 Excelencia CCU program. In all, EBDA expanded
 136 points
 on percent
 on this
 excuse me
 In all, EBITDA expanded 136.1%, and EBITDA margin improved from 12% to 18.3%.
 In additional, business
 operate in international business
 operating segment, which includes
 Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay, and Uruguay
 posted
 58.2% rise in revenues
 due to an increase of 39.1% in average prices in Chilean Pesos
 and 13.7% higher volumes.
 Volume growth was mostly driven by Argentina, although all the other countries posted positive growth.
 the better average prices
 in gigan pesos
 were explained by revenue management initiatives and positive
 mixed effects
 in the portfolio, which more than
 offset negative currency translation
 effects.
 In addition, our efforts in pricing allowed us to compensate higher U.S. dollar denominated costs
 from the depreciation of the Argentine peso
 against the U.S. dollar
 and higher cost in raw materials
 posting a gross profit expansion
 of 114.4%
 and an improvement in gross margin
 from 32.7%
 to 44.3%.
 MSDNA expenses as a percentage of net sales improved from 69% to 54.4% due to efficiencies
 from the Excelencia CCU program.
 Altogether, EBITDA improved 18.2% versus last year.
 The wine operating segment reports an 11% rise in revenue
 due to a 7.4 expansion in volumes
 and a 3.4% growth
 in average prices.
 Volumes were driven by domestic markets and exports, both posting middle single-digit growth.
 The higher price in trillion pesos were mainly a consequence of a better mix, which more than
 offset the appreciation of the killing
 pesos against the U.S. dollar and its negative impact on export revenues.
 Gross profit was up 6.5%, and gross margin decreased from 39.5% to 37.9%,
 in line with a higher cost of wine
 due to the harvest level of
 2020.
 MSDNA expenses as a percentage of net sales improves from 26.8% to 25.6% thanks to efficiencies
 driven by the Excelencia CCU program.
 in all
 EBDA recorded a 4.1% increase
 while EBDA margin decreased from 17.8% to 16.7%.
 In Colombia, finally, where we have a joint venture with Postobon,
 we finished the positive first half of the year
 with a volume expansion
 over 40%.
 gains in market share, and an improvement in our financial results.
 Specifically, during the quarter, we expanded volumes over 50%, with growth in all main brands and categories, standing out the performance in premium beer.
 now I will be glad to answer
 any questions you may have.
 Thank you.
 If you would like to ask a question, you may signal by pressing star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 If you're using a speaker, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signal to reach our equipment.
 Once again, star one for questions.
 We'll take our first question from Fernando Olivier with Bank of America.
 Yeah.
 Hi, good morning, everyone.
 and thanks for keeping my questions.
 I have to, if I may, the first one is related to Chile.
 In your opinion, what explains the solid volume growth
 and you witness it in the room.
 It's like water.
 You know, and in line with this, can you comment with the volume growth between alcoholic and
 non-alcoholic marriages
 and how do you
 and to behave the remaining of the year.
 And I have another question.
 thank you Fernanda
 I listened to your voice with a lot of echo.
 Did you understand the question?
 Yeah, he's asking about our solid growth during the quarter, I think, Fernando.
 and on the other hand, I think
 how we
 Thanks for the rest of the year.
 Okay, okay, thank you.
 Again, I listen to you with a lot of echo.
 This is the reason why I didn't understood you.
 I didn't understand your
 perfectly
 but I mean
 as you know
 Fernando and all the group
 Chilean consumers
 and the Chilean population have been
 receiving
 a lot of money
 in our pockets for two reasons
 number one because of all the expenses of the government
 and the direct
 subsidies to
 to people
 and secondly because we have been allowed to retire money
 or to withdraw money from our pension funds.
 Altogether, money retired from pension funds has been $50 billion, and subsidies from government are around $20 billion.
 dollars altogether 70 billion dollars is equivalent to the total expenses of government in a
 in a regular year pre-pandemic.
 so it's a lot of money
 Oh, my hand.
 And on the other hand, there are many expenses that have been restricted as restaurants, travels, vacations, etc., etc.
 so most of
 that money has been
 concentrated on
 consumption, and this is the reason
 why our volumes have been
 extraordinary
 high I mean at the same time of course we are doing we are doing our job we are
 executing correctly we're keeping and gaining market share in the different
 categories, but the real reason behind
 this expansion is what I'm explaining.
 how much
 is going to last
 Probably for
 probably for a semester
 a year
 18 months
 but no more than that
 so, but I think that
 it's wise to
 imagine that this trend
 will not
 continue in the future.
 Having said that, we are gaining scale, and we expect to keep our scale and not to lose our scale.
 I'm going to make our best effort to continue growing, but I think that it's more wise and
 serious to to imagine that this trend probably is going to last in q3 eventually in q4 but for
 2022
 may be
 recommendations to be much more careful regarding this.
 I hope you hear me better.
 can you come as
 Yes, excuse me, Fernandez.
 And now I'm listening to you perfectly.
 Oh, okay, great.
 Thank you.
 and in that sense
 can you comment
 What was the growth between alcoholic
 and non-alcoholic beverages.
 I mean...
 Yes. I mean, as you know, we present the Segmento Chile, the Chilean segment together, because we operate Chile as one segment, multi-category, same sales force, same track, same managers.
 having said that
 we are growing
 a lot in both segments
 Thank you, too.
 we will
 a little bit less than 40%
 in beer, and a little bit more than 40% in non-alcoholic.
 Okay, great.
 And my second question is related to cost.
 Can you comment what is your outlook for the remaining of the year and 2022, and what are the different measures that you are implementing to mitigate the increase in raw material costs?
 Thank you very much.
 No, indeed.
 I will give you a general answer
 And then I will ask Felipe Duvernay to discuss on the details on cost.
 I mean, as you know perfectly, and as I mentioned in my introduction, we are facing strong pressures
 and cost of raw material on one hand,
 and on the change rate
 on the other
 I mean
 exchange
 rate in Q2 was not too high
 But today, the exchange rate in Chile, before the beginning of this conference, the Chilean
 The pesos was 785, I mean, to buy a dollar, which is very high.
 In order to offset this, we need to do revenue management initiatives, number one, to improve
 our mix number two and to be very efficient in terms of in terms of MS DNA
 and we have doing this
 I mean, as we know that the current level of volume is something transitory
 and that sooner than later
 will move to a much
 normal growth, we have been
 very careful on
 this, on
 on hiring people, on keeping our MSD
 and the type control
 I mean, we are
 managing MSD and A
 as if we were not growing
 in our volumes
 in order to be prepared for the future.
 and regarding direct
 cost also we are doing
 our best effort in order to make
 revenue management initiatives
 in terms of promotions
 discounts to
 increase the percentage
 of premium products in our portfolio
 So as an example, here I have the figures.
 premiumization.
 For example, in Q2, here I have
 in beer in Chile, premium
 accounted for
 more than 40% of our
 of our volumes, while in Q2
 of 2020
 represented just
 23% of our volumes
 And same thing in all the different categories.
 because again we need to be prepared for our for a future scenario which is not
 going to be as good as
 as 2021.
 one.
 Having said that, and regarding particular raw material, I prefer Felipe and you to discuss this.
 As you probably know, Fernando, it's a global pressure on raw material cost.
 As an example, aluminum year-on-year increased 60%, PET or resins more than 40%, and so on.
 You have also international freights increasing a lot.
 we saw
 containers from
 China, the actual cost is about $10,000 per container.
 So, this will last at least for more than one year, this is what we expect.
 So this outlook.
 Along with this, we are facing, compared to last year, a more favorable exchange rate
 that somewhat compensate that, but it's not in our control.
 But by saying that, especially the Chilean peso and also the Argentine peso are very
 volatile. So the exchange rate in Chile is volatile for other causes more than international.
 So at the end, we will continue to face inflationary pressures due to raw materials, and the actions
 Those are the ones that Patricio highlighted.
 Great.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you, Fernando.
 We'll take our next question from Felipe Ucrust with Scotiabank.
 Hola, Patricio Felipe, y Gipo, congratulations on the results.
 Maybe let me start with one on the implied price mix,
 And maybe I can follow up on Chile market shares.
 So on the first one, obviously, they're very solid on your international operation.
 When I look at it on a currency basket basis, it looks like you were able to increase prices in Argentina very aggressively, but obviously there's also a mixed effect in there.
 So I was just wondering if you could break that out for us
 and give us a bit of color on what's happening on price enforcement
 or controls in Argentina, and then I'll follow up with Chile market shares.
 Thanks.
 Yes, I mean, in Argentina, thank you, Felipe, for your question.
 In Argentina, we have been able to cope with inflation in our structural prices.
 and at the same time we're improving
 We are improving our mix, both on premium, which is growing, and we have a shift from
 returnable bottles to cans, and cans are more expensive per liter than a
 returnable bottles as you know but the margin is is less attractive than than bottles altogether
 We are moving along with inflation, along with our costs.
 Excellent.
 And maybe on Chile market shares, I'm just wondering, I know this is difficult because Nielsen and the other surveyors are having a tough time delivering an apples-to-apples comparison.
 But just wondering how you're seeing the market share picture in beer in Chile,
 given the distribution changes at your competitor.
 Sure. Thanks.
 Yes, you're right.
 I mean, Nielsen, it's not completely precise because they have a good reading on what happens in the supermarket,
 but not the best reading on what happens in Maman path.
 Having said that,
 um if you compare about market sharing q2 2021 is slightly higher than our market share in q2
 2020. But I prefer to say that our market share has been stable in the last many months and years,
 and we have been able to cope against the competition with its new distribution.
 Excellent.
 caller thank you and and uh you know what i'll i'll stop it here so other
 other analysts can ask questions and maybe I'll get back on the queue if they don't ask my third
 question. Thank you.
 indeed, thank you
 Felipe. As a reminder, star one, if you would like to ask a question, we'll take our next question
 from Mohamed Amid with FGP.
 Amen.
 Hey, guys, hope you guys are all well.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 And comparing to 2019, I know you answered to Felipe that you're stable.
 partly gone for questions answered already,
 but if you could confirm some of the volume changes
 versus 2019 Q2, or actually first half 2019
 versus first half of 2021,
 because even there, I see 18% growth,
 which is impressive, and you've given reasons for it.
 But I just want to know if the market has grown that much or maybe in certain
 segments you've grown faster
 to get that in the numbers, particularly, you know,
 year versus normal year. Thank you.
 Yes, indeed.
 looking
 the Chile operating
 segment. We grew our volumes. This is first half, no? Yes. First half. Six months to send it on
 here happened
 Here I have the answer, Mohamed.
 regarding
 volumes from the Chile operating segment.
 this is non-alcoholic beer and spirits first half of 2021 compared with the first half of 2019
 we grew our consolidated volumes by 17.7%.
 In international business, by 2%,
 And in the wine, operating segment by 16.8%.
 And in Chile operating segment, that was a stable margin.
 and so the market grew that much.
 So you stay with market share?
 Yes, market share, we're slightly higher.
 We have been rather stable in beer, growing a little bit on non-alcoholic.
 In fact, do we have the breakdown of these figures in beer and...
 I'm non-alcoholic here, a gentleman.
 Let me check.
 But we have grown more in beer than in non-alcoholic, having said that, because the per capita of beer has been expanding.
 Growing, yeah.
 Yes.
 Yeah. But in both, in non-alcoholic and beer, we are growing Mohammed against 2019.
 Yes. In fact, here we have, in beer, we have
 in two years, roughly speaking, a little bit more than 40%.
 Okay.
 Thank you, guys.
 Ah, no, excuse me.
 This is quarter two.
 2021 compared with
 2019, quarter two.
 and year-to-date
 and year-to-date 31.
 The first semester compared with first semester, 1031.
 quarter compared with quarter 41.
 Sorry.
 The voice was breaking up a little bit.
 So, am I to understand that you said beer has grown 31% versus first half of 2019?
 Yes, yes.
 and non-alcoholic
 roughly
 11%
 Thank you.
 That's it.
 Yeah.
 Mohammed, that
 non-alcoholic suffer much
 than beer last year
 Well, we also have spirits in the total.
 but we
 But I don't know if it's been a lot of years.
 Hello, yes.
 Okay, I got it.
 That's okay.
 Thank you.
 thank you very much for your answer
 I'll get back to you.
 Okay.
 Perfect.
 Thank you.
 Once again, star one for questions.
 We'll take a follow-up from Philippe Agucross with Scotiabank.
 The guys had very strong results on the operation with a very strong rise in volume.
 So I was just wondering if you can give us a little more color on what's going on in the ground there
 in terms of market share, price, and maybe utilization of a plant.
 All those would be great if we could get some color.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Felipe. As we mentioned, when we entered into Colombia, we designed our plant for a 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, depending on mixed volume or hectoliters of total volume.
 and we are running this year
 but a little bit more than 2 million hectoliters.
 This is what we expect to sell in these years.
 So, we have a 60% utilization of the plant. We have been growing market share, as I mentioned,
 before
 margins are good
 in the industry
 prices growing in line
 with inflation and again
 we are doing our best effort to to to increase our volumes and to complete the capacity of the plants
 because if you do
 this we will be having a good profitability that was we began this operation still our purpose and
 and we are moving in the right direction.
 Okay, great.
 Thanks for the caller, guys.
 Congratulations again.
 Thank you, Felipe.
 But remember that in Colombia, we operate in two segments, beer and malt, beer representing
 bait the
 more than 80% of the total volume
 and molds less than 20%.
 when I say that this is the total volume
 this is the total volume of the plant
 for both categories, beer and malt.
 Would I be good?
 Thanks for the clarification.
 Cheers.
 Good.
 Thank you.
 We'll take our next question from Antonio Wiedman with Lorraine Val.
 Tonya, we're in a minute.
 Thank you for taking my question, but I also want to know a little bit more about Colombia, but I think that everything is clear. Thank you.
 Thank you, Antonia.
 With no additional questions in queue, I'd like to turn the call back over to our speakers
 for any additional or closing remarks.
 Thank you very much for closing.
 I would like to say that during the second quarter of 2021, in a still challenging scenario
 due to the pandemic
 CCU delivered a solid performance in volumes and financial results, improving versus both
 last year and pre-pandemic figures.
 Looking ahead, we'll continue investing in the key aspects of the business
 in order to keep executing the strategy that we have been carrying out,
 which is continue building strong
 brands and portfolio and putting our
 efforts in maintaining and gaining
 business scale
 and market share while recovering profitability.
 related to revenue management initiatives and efficiencies,
 particularly in an inflationary scenario.
 Thank you very much again.
 We'll conclude today's call.
 We appreciate your participation.
 Thank you.