 and press the pound or hash key.
 Wait for the tone then say your company name or affiliation and press the pound or hash key
 Thank you.
 statement should be taken in conjunction with the additional information about risk and
 Uncertainty Step 4 in CCU's ANA Report, Inform 20F, filed with the U.S. Security and Exchange
 Commission, and in the annual report submitted to the CMF and available on our website.
 It is now my pleasure to introduce Patricio Jotar.
 Thank you, Carl.
 Claudia, and thank you all for joining us today.
 In the second quarter of 2021,
 CCU continued with a positive momentum by posting a strong improvement in volumes and
 financial results, not only versus last year, but also versus pre-pandemic figures.
 The latter has been the result of our capability to adapt and operate in a challenging scenario
 with the COVID-19 pandemic through the execution of a regional plan with three points, the safety
 for people, operation, continuity, and financial health, and the successful implementation
 of strategy which focus in maintaining and gain business scale and market share along
 with a gradual recovery in profitability, as we have shown since the fourth quarter 2020.
 Regarding our consolidated performance, revenues jumped 14.6% during the quarter,
 boosted by a 30.5% growth in volumes and 13.2% higher average prices in trillion pesos.
 The sharp volume expansion was explained by a recovery and consumption, a solid sales
 execution and the strength of our portfolio of brands.
 In terms of the financial results, Consolidated EBDA more than tripled versus last year.
 An EBDA margin improved from 6.2 to 13.1%.
 the better financial result was mainly driven by the increased inconsolidated volumes as mentioned
 and above, efficiency gains from the Excellency CCU program with MFDNA expenses,
 percentage of net sales, decreasing from 45.8 to 39.6 percent and 463 basis points expansion
 gross margin, mainly due to positive mix effects and the implementation of revenue management
 initiatives and positive net external effects from the appreciation of the Chilean peso
 against the U.S. dollar, affecting favorably our U.S. dollar denominated cost, partially
 compensated by one export revenues in foreign currencies and a higher cost in
 raw material in line with the short rally of the commodities during the year.
 in all, net income totalized again of 18,968 million Chilean pesos versus a loss last year.
 In the Chile operating segment, our top line expanded 54.3 percent due to 40.2 percent growth
 in volumes driven by all main categories and 10.1% high average prices.
 The high average prices were associated
 with both positive mix effects mainly
 based on a strong performance of premium brands in beer
 and revenue management initiatives.
 Gross profit grew 65.7 percent and gross margin improved from 46.1 to 49.5 percent, mainly
 as a result of the revenue expansion mentioned above, efficiencies in manufacturing and the
 positive next external effect from the appreciation of the Chilean peso against the U.S. dollar,
 favorably our U.S. dollar denominated cost. This was partially offset by higher
 by costing for material.
 As DNA expenses grew 32.3 percent,
 consistent with the higher volume and marketing activities in line with pre-pandemic levels,
 Also, as percentage of net sales, MSDNA improved from 42.4 to 36.4 percent due to cost control
 initiatives to the Excellency CCU program.
 In all, IBDA expanded 136 points on percent on 6, excuse me.
 In all, EBDA expanded 136.1 percent and EBDA margin improved from 12 to 18.3 percent.
 In additional, business operate in international, business operate in international, business
 operating segment, which includes Argentina, Bolivia, Paraguay, and Uruguay, posted 58.2%
 rise in revenues due to an increase of 39.1% in average prices in Chilean pesos and 13.7%
 higher volumes. Volume growth was mostly driven by Argentina, although all the other countries
 positive growth. The better average prices in Chile and Pesos were explained by revenue
 management initiatives and positive mixed effects in the portfolio, which more than
 opposite negative currency translation effects.
 In addition, our efforts in pricing allowed us to compensate higher U.S. dollar denominated
 cost from the depreciation of the Argentine peso against the U.S. dollar and higher cost
 in raw materials posting a gross profit expansion of 114.4 percent and an improvement in gross
 margin from 32.7 percent to 44.3 percent. MSDNA expenses as a percentage of net sales
 Improved from 69% to 54.4% due to efficiencies from the Excellency CCU Program.
 All together, IBDA improved 18.2% versus last year.
 The wine operating segment reports an 11% rising revenue due to a 7.4 expansion in volumes
 and a 3.4% growth in average prices.
 Volumes were driven by domestic markets and exports, both posting middle single digit
 gold.
 higher price in clientessos were mainly a consequence of a better mix, which more than
 offset the appreciation of the killing vessels against the U.S. dollar and its negative impact
 on export revenues.
 gross profit was up 6.5% and gross margin decreased from 39.5% to 37.9%.
 in line with a high cost of wine due to the harvest level of 2020.
 MSDNA expenses as a percentage of net sales
 Improves from 26.8% to 25.6%.
 thanks to efficiencies driven by the Excellency CCU program.
 In all, if the A records a 4.12 percent increase,
 YLBDA margin decreased from 17.8 to 16.7%.
 In Colombia, finally, where we have a joint venture with Posto Bonn, we finish the positive
 first half of the year, with a volume expansion over 40 percent, gains in market share and
 improvement in our financial results. Specifically, during the quarter, we expanded volumes over
 for 50% with growth in all main brands and categories
 standing out the performance in premium beer.
 Now I will be glad to answer any questions you may have.
 Thank you.
 If you would like to ask a question, you may signal by pressing star one on your telephone
 keypad. If you're using a speaker, please make sure your mute function is turned off
 to allow your signal to reach our equipment.
 Once again, star one for questions.
 We'll take our first question from Fernando Olivia with Bank of America.
 Yeah.
 Bye.
 Hi, good morning, everyone.
 Thanks for the next question.
 I have two, if I may, the first one is related to Chile.
 In your opinion, what explains the solid-buling growth
 You need to do it, this is a really big problem.
 No, and in line with this, can you comment
 when the volume grows between alcoholic and non-alcoholic
 and how to use everything to behave the remaining of the year.
 And I have another question, I'll link it.
 Thank you, Fernanda.
 I listened to your voice with a lot of fake voices.
 You don't understand?
 So the question?
 He's asking about our solid growth during the quarter.
 I think, Fernando, and on the other hand, I think how we take for the rest of the year.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 I listened to you with a lot of fakes because this is the reason why I didn't understood you.
 I didn't understand you perfectly, but I mean, as you know, Fernanda knows the group, Chilean
 consumerist and Chilean population have been receiving a lot of money in our pockets for
 for two reasons.
 one because of all the expense of the government and the direct subsidies to people and secondly
 because we have been allowed to retire money or to withdraw money from our pension funds
 All together, I mean, managed with iPhone pension funds has been $50 billion and subsidies
 from government about around $20 billion, all together $70 billion is equivalent to
 the total expenses of government in a regular year pre-pandemic, so it's a lot of money
 On one hand, and on the other hand, there are many expenses that have been restricted
 restaurants, travels, vacations, etc, etc.
 So most of that money has been concentrated on consumption, and this is the reason why
 Our volumes have been extraordinarily high.
 I mean, at the same time, of course, we are doing our job.
 So we are executing correctly, we are keeping and gaining market share in the different
 categories, but the real reason behind these expansions is what I'm explaining.
 How much it's going to last probably for a semester, a year, 18 months, but no more than
 that.
 I think that it's wise to imagine that this trend will not continue in the future.
 Having said that, we are gaining scale and we expect to keep our scale and not to lose
 use our scale.
 to make our best effort to continue growing.
 But I think that it's more wise and serious
 to imagine that this trend probably is going to last in Q3,
 eventually in Q4, but for 2022, my recommendation is to be much more careful regarding this.
 Okay, I hope you hear me better.
 Excuse me, yes, excuse me for that.
 And now I'm listening to you perfectly.
 Okay, great. Thank you. And in that sense, can you comment what was the growth between
 alcoholic and non-alcoholic beverages.
 I mean, yes, we grew, I mean, as you know, we present the segment of Chile or the Chilean
 segment together, because we operate Chile as one segment
 multi-categories, same sales force, same truck, same managers.
 Having said that, we are growing a lot in both segments.
 In Q2 we grew a little bit less than 40% in beer and a little bit more than 40% in non-alcoholic.
 Okay.
 Great.
 And my second question is related to cost.
 Can you tell me what is your outlook for the remaining of the year and 2022 and what are
 the different measures that you are implementing to mitigate the increase in rheumatial cost.
 I mean, I will give you a general answer and then I will ask Felipe DuVernay to this
 discussed on the details on cost, I mean, as you know perfectly, and as I mentioned
 in my introduction, we are facing strong pressures
 cost of raw material on one hand and an exchange rate on the other and an exchange rate in
 I think Q2 was not too high, but today,
 it changed rate in Chile. Before the beginning of this conference, the Chilean pesos was
 785, I mean to buy a dollar, which is very high.
 In order to offset this, we need to do revenue management initiatives, number one, to improve
 our mix number two and to be very efficient in terms of in terms of MSDNA and we have
 doing this I mean as we know that the current level of volume is something
 transitory and that sooner than later will move to a much normal growth we have been
 very careful on these.
 on high people, on keeping our MSD and the tight control.
 I mean, we are managing MSD and A as if we're not growing in our volumes, you know, to be
 prepared for the future and regarding direct cost also we are doing our best effort in
 in order to make revenue management initiatives
 in terms of promotions, discounts to increase the percentage of premium products in our
 portfolio. As an example, here I have the figures, premiumization. For example, in Q2 here I have
 In Bia in Chile, premium accounted for more than 40% of our volumes, while in Q2 of 2020
 It represented just 23% of our volumes.
 And same thing in all the different categories.
 Because, again, we need to be prepared for a future scenario which is not going to be
 as...
 good as 2021, but having said that, and regarding particularly raw material, I prefer Felipe
 you to discuss this.
 As you probably know, Fernando is a global pressure on raw material cost.
 For example, aluminum, year on year, increased 60%,
 P.T. or resting more than 40% and so on.
 You have also international rates increasing a lot.
 But we saw containers from China, the actual cost is about $10,000 per container.
 So, this will last at least for more than one year.
 This is what we expect.
 So this outlook.
 Along with this, we are facing, compared to last year,
 more favorable exchange rate that somewhat compensates that, but it's not in our control.
 But by saying that, especially the Chilean peso and also the Argentine peso, are very
 volatile.
 So the exchange rate in Chile is volatile for other causes more than international.
 So at the end, we will continue to face inflationary pressures due to raw materials, and the actions
 are the ones that Patricio highlighted.
 Great.
 Great. Thank you so much.
 Thank you, Fernando
 We'll take our next question from Felipe Ucross with Scotiabank.
 Hola, Patricio Felipe.
 for congratulations and their results.
 Maybe let me start with one on the implied price mix.
 And maybe I can follow up on Chile market shares.
 So on the first one, obviously, they're very solid
 on your international operation.
 When I look at it on a currency basket basis,
 It looks like you were able to increase prices
 Argentina very aggressively, but obviously there's also mixed effect in there. So I was
 just wondering if you could break that out for us and give us a bit of color on what's
 happening on price enforcement or controls in Argentina, and then I'll follow up with
 you in Market Shares.
 Yes, I mean, in Argentine, thank you, Felipe, for your question.
 In Argentina, we have been able to cope with inflation in our structural prices, and the
 At the same time, we are improving our mix.
 Boats on premium which is growing and we have a shift from returnable bottles to cans and
 guns are more expensive per liter than returnable bottles as you know, but the margin is less
 attractive than the bottle. So together we are moving along with inflation, along with
 That would cost.
 Excellent, and maybe on chewing market shares, I'm just wondering, I know this is difficult
 because...
 Nielsen and the other surveyors are having a tough time delivering an apples to apples
 comparison, but just wondering how you're seeing the market share picture and
 beer in two ways, given the distribution changes at your competitor.
 Thanks.
 Yes, baby.
 Yes, baby, you're right.
 I mean, Nielsen, it's not completely precise,
 because they have a good reading on what happens in supermarkets,
 but not the best reading of what happens in mom and past.
 Having said that, if you'll compare about our market sharing
 Q2 2021 is slightly higher than our market share in Q2 2020, but I prefer to say that
 our market share has been stable in the last many months and years and we have been able
 to cope against the competition with its new distribution.
 Excellent caller. Thank you. And, you know what, I'll stop it here so other
 other analysts can ask questions and maybe I'll get back on the
 if they don't ask my third question.
 Thank you.
 Indeed, thank you, Felipe.
 as a reminder, star one.
 If you would like to ask a question, we'll take our next question from Mohammed Amid with
 FGP.
 Thank you.
 Hi guys, I hope you guys are all well.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 Comparing to 2019, I know you answered through Felipe that you're stable, so partly my own
 question is...
 But if you could confirm some of the volume changes versus 2019 Q2, but actually for top
 2019 versus first half 2021 because even there I see 18% growth which is impressive and you've
 you've given reasons for it.
 But I just want to know if the market has grown that much
 or maybe in certain segments you've grown faster
 to get that kind of number, particularly, you know, year
 versus not with you. Thank you.
 Yes, indeed. Look in the Chile operating segment. We grew our volumes. This is first half, no? Yes.
 First off, six months to send it on Yordon.
 Here I have them.
 I have the answer, Mohammed.
 regarding
 regarding volumes from the Chile operating segment.
 non-alcoholic beer and spirits. First half of 2021, compared with the first half of 2019,
 We grew our consolidated volumes by 17.7 percent.
 international business by 2% and in the wine operating segment by 16.8%.
 And in Chile, the operating segment, that was a stable margin, so the market grew that
 much.
 So, so you stable market here?
 Yes, market share is slightly higher.
 We have been rather stable in being here growing a little bit on non-alcoholic.
 In fact, do we have the breakdown of these figures in beer and non-alcoholic here, gentlemen?
 Let me check. But we have grown more in beer than in non-alcoholic, having said that, because
 because the per capita of air has been expiring.
 Yeah, yes, yeah.
 but in both, in non-alcoholic and beer,
 We are growing Mohammed against 2019.
 Yes.
 In fact, not here.
 here I have in beer so we have grown in two years roughly speaking a little bit
 more than 40%.
 Okay.
 Thank you guys, thank you.
 No, excuse me, this is quarter two, 2021 compared with 2019 quarter two and year-to-date and
 Year to date, 31.
 The first semester compared to the first semester, then 31.
 Yeah.
 quarter compared with quarter 41.
 Yep.
 OK, sorry.
 Go ahead.
 The voice was breaking up a little bit, so am I to understand that you said beer has grown
 31% versus first half of 2019?
 You?
 Yes, and non-alcoholic, roughly 11%.
 That's it.
 Remember there, Mohamed, that non-alcoholic suffer much than beer last year also, okay?
 Okay.
 We also have speed.
 It's a little bit.
 but we do not know if they know what they are speaking for.
 Hello?
 Hello, yes, okay. I got that's okay. Thank you. I'll thank you very much for your answer. I'll get back into
 Okay.
 Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
 Once again, star one for questions, we'll take a follow-up from Felipe Ucros with Scotiabank.
 Oh, great. Thanks, guys.
 So I can do a follow-up.
 Maybe in Colombia, you guys had very strong results
 of the operation with a very strong rise in volume.
 So I was just wondering if you can give us a little more color
 and what's going on in the ground there
 in terms of market share, price, and maybe utilization
 of the plant.
 Those would be great if we could get some color.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Felipe, as we mentioned, when we entered into Colombia, we designed our plan
 our plant for a 3.2, 3.3, 3.4 depending on mix volume or
 or hectoleters of total volume.
 and uh...
 We are running this year at a little bit more than 2 million hectoleters.
 This is what we expect to sell in these years.
 So we have a 60% utilization of the plant.
 We have been growing market share, as I mentioned,
 before margins are good in the industry prices growing in line with inflation and again we
 We are doing our best effort to increase our volumes and to complete the capacity of the
 plans because if we do this we will be having a good profitability that was
 We began this operation to steal our purpose and we are moving in the right direction.
 direction.
 Okay, great.
 Great. Thanks for the call, guys. Congratulations again.
 Thank you, Felipe. Remember that in Colombia we operate in two segments beer and malt
 be representing more than 80 percent of the total volume and more less than 20 percent.
 And I say that this is the total volume, this is the total volume of the plants for both
 categories.
 and add malt.
 I would understand the actual clarification.
 Thank you. We'll take our next question from Antonio Wienman with Lorraine Valle.
 Anthony, I'll read that.
 Thank you for taking my question, but I was also wanting to know a little bit more about
 Colombia, but I think that everything is clear. Thank you. Thank you, Antonia. With no additional
 questions in queue. I'd like to turn the call back over to our speakers for any
 additional or closing remarks.
 Thank you very much for closing. I would like to say that during the second quarter of 2021,
 in a still challenging scenario due to the pandemic,
 CCU delivered a solid performance in volumes and financial results, improving versus both
 last year and pre-pandemic figures. Looking ahead, we'll continue investing in the key aspects of the
 the business in order to keep executing the strategy that we have been carrying out, which
 which is continue building strong brands and portfolio and putting our efforts in maintaining
 and gaining business scale on market share while recovering profitability.
 We'll see you later.
 revenue management initiatives and efficiencies, particularly in an inflationary scenario.
 Thank you very much again.
 Thank you.
 That concludes today's call.
 We appreciate your participation.