 Thanks, Dave.
 Good morning, everyone.
 Thank you for joining the call this morning.
 Please go to slide number seven.
 This slide depicts the components of our revenue growth for both the fourth quarter and the full year.
 I'll focus on the total legion results and cover the regions on their respective slides.
 indicated we delivered 5.2% and 5.8% organic growth in the fourth quarter and full year
 respectively.
 strong organic growth reflects improved markets, the introduction of new products, and the
 the company's channel initiatives.
 Everything was favorable in the core in all regions as a
 The company remains disciplined in taking necessary pricing actions to help mitigate
 the impacts of rising commodity prices.
 current currency was a headwind in the quarter, particularly in the EMEA region.
 the quarter divestitures were a slight headwind which offset the impact of
 acquisitions.
 For the year, all three regions were favorable on price and saw headwinds from foreign currency.
 acquisitions more than offset the impact of divestitures.
 Please go to slide number 8, reported net revenues for the quarter were 569.7 million.
 reflects an increase of 4.4% versus the prior year of 5.2% on an organic basis.
 I was particularly pleased with the outstanding organic revenue growth from America's, which
 which had strong growth in both the non-residential and residential businesses off a tough comparison
 from the prior year.
 We continue to make significant progress with our new product introductions and channel
 strategies. We had improved pricing in the quarter, offsetting the currency headwind
 seen in AMIA. In the fourth quarter, we left the large acquisitions completed during 2015.
 As such, during the quarter, the incremental contribution
 from acquisitions was offset by the impact of the divestiture of the system integration
 business in the fourth quarter of 2015.
 operating income of 102 million and adjusted operating margin of 17.9 percent, declined
 1.4% in 110 basis points respectively when compared to the prior year.
 in these numbers is the Environmental Remediation Charge
 of $15 million, which had a 260 basis point impact on the adjusted operating margin in
 the quarter. Excluding the environmental charge, the underlying operational improvement
 was driven by solid incremental volume leverage
 and continued progress on our immediate margin transformation.
 during the quarter price and productivity more than offset the impacts of inflation and incremental investments
 Our EBITOM margin of 20.5% was 110 basis point decline versus the prior year, but similar
 to adjusted operating margin mentioned earlier includes the 260 basis point impact of the
 environmental remediation charge.
 excluding the charge, all regions improved during the quarter.
 The business continues to execute at a high-level demonstrating
 both strong organic growth and operational margin improvement while continuing to make
 investments for future profitable growth.
 Road.
 This slide reflects our EPS reconciliation for the fourth quarter.
 to the fourth quarter of 2015.
 reported EPS was 74 cents.
 adjusting $0.15 for the prior year restructuring expenses and integration costs related
 acquisitions and divestitures, the 2015 adjusted EPS was 89 cents.
 results increased EPS by $0.16 as favorable price, operating leverage, and productivity
 more than offset inflationary impacts.
 As noted previously, the environmental remediation charge drove a 10-cent reduction.
 Next interest in other income were a net 7 cent reduction.
 This was driven primarily by the positive impact from the sale of non-strategic marketable
 Social security.
 during the 4th quarter of 2015 that did not repeat in Q4 of 2016.
 The increase in the adjusted effect of tax rate
 road 3, 1, 3, 4, 6, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 22, 23, 24,
 reduction versus the prior year.
 The increase in rate is primarily due to unfavorable changes
 in the mix of income, earned in lower tax rate,
 jurisdictions, partially offset by the impact of new accounting standard for stock-based
 compensation and reductions in certain countries' statutory tax rates.
 The adjusted effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of 2016 was lower than anticipated
 due to favorable resolutions of uncertain tax positions
 in changes in certain countries' statutory tax rates.
 Incremental investments related ongoing growth opportunities for new product development
 and channel strategies were a 3-cent reduction.
 Acquisitions net of divestitures subtracted a penny in the quarter.
 This results in adjusted port quarter 2016 EPS of 81 cents per share.
 Continuing on, we have a negative 4 cent per share reduction for acquisition and restructuring
 charges.
 After a giving effect to these one-time items, we arrive at Fourth Quarter 2016, reported
 EPS of 77 cents.
 Please go to slide number 10.
 Fourth quarter revenues for the America's region were $410 million, up 7 percent on both
 a reported and organic basis.
 Strong organic growth reflects above market performance driven by our new products and
 channel initiatives. As noted on the chart, we experienced solid, high single-digit growth
 in the non-residential products,
 through my strength in our premium brands,
 in mid-single-digit growth in residential products
 with solid performance in both our retail and builder
 channels.
 Revenant growth was stronger across most product categories,
 with continued momentum in electronics.
 America's adjusted operating income of 96.7 million,
 declined slightly versus the prior year period as a result of the $15 million
 environmental remediation charge mentioned earlier.
 excluding the charge operationally,
 America's adjusted operating income increased
 due to incremental volume leverage, favorable mix,
 and positive impact from foreign currency.
 Overall, price and productivity offset inflation and incremental investments.
 realisation improves sequentially in the quarter with good performance in both commercial
 and residential markets.
 Adjusted operating margin for the quarter decreased 260 basis points driven by the
 the 370 basis point impact from the environmental charge.
 The operational increase while absorbing the incremental investment spend demonstrates
 excellent performance by the entire America's team.
 Please go to slide number 11.
 Fourth quarter revenues for the immediate region were $129.4 million, up 0.2 percent,
 up 1.4% on an organic basis.
 The reported revenue growth was driven by the impact
 of the organic growth and acquisitions partially offset
 by currency headwinds.
 In particular, the Portable Security and Simon's Boss Businesses saw solid growth.
 The media adjusted operating income of $19.9 million, increased 13.1 percent versus the
 of the prior year period.
 Adjusted operating margin for the quarter increased 180 basis points, reflecting continued
 improvements in the ongoing business transformation more than offsetting currency headwinds.
 Although it isn't reflected on this slide, the full year adjusted operating margin for
 Ramiya was 9.3%. At the time of the spinoff, adjusted operating margin for this business
 was approximately one percent.
 This is a significant improvement in operational results
 driven by an extremely dedicated IMEA team.
 Please go to slide number 12.
 Fourth quarter revenues for the Asia-Pacific region were $30.3 million, down 8.5 percent
 versus the prior year.
 Organic revenue declined 0.7 percent and was impacted by the timing of orders in large
 non-recurring projects in 2015.
 revenue declines are attributable to the vestiture of the system integration business in 2015.
 Our Australian and New Zealand markets continue to be strong along with Southeast Asia, Asia-Pacific
 adjusted operating income of 2.3 million was up 4.5 percent, adjusted operating margin
 for the quarter was up a hundred basis points, reflecting favorability and price and productivity
 along with the impact of divesting the system integration business.
 Please go to slide number 13.
 Available cash flow for 2016 was $335 million.
 an increase of $112.8 million or 50.8% compared to the prior year period.
 The increase in year-over-year available cash flow is primarily attributable to higher net
 earnings. Working capital as a percent of revenues and the ratio for the cash conversion
 cycle increase in 2016.
 The increase is primarily driven by planned increases
 and inventory levels in certain areas to improve customer fulfillment requirements.
 Let's discuss later in the presentation.
 We made a $50 million discretionary contribution
 to our U.S. pension plan in January 2017.
 This contribution significantly improved
 the plan's funded status.
 while also reducing future cash payments to the plan
 and reducing anticipated increases
 and pension expense for future years.
 This outflow is included in the guidance of available cash flow for 2017.
 Please go to slide number 14.
 Thank you.
 We'll see you next time.
 stated our capital allocations strategy is one that defines a balanced and
 flexible approach, which remains a primary focus today.
 We ended the year with a gross debt
 to adjusted EBITDA of 2.9 in the middle of our targeted range of 2.75 to three and a quarter.
 If you recall, we ended 2015 with a 3.5 gross debt to adjusted EBITDA.
 This reduction reflects growth and EBITDA during the year, as well as mandatory principal
 payments made on our secured credit facility.
 Our next...
 that to adjust at EBITDA end of the year at 2.3.
 If they will discuss later in the guidance, we continue to see opportunity to fund incremental
 investments for channel strategies, new product development, and demand creation to accelerate
 core market expansion.
 by our 2016 performance, we believe these investments will enable the company to continue
 to grow an accelerated pace and faster than the broader market as well as provide superior
 We'll see you next week.
 on invested capital. We also remain focused on growing our portfolio through acquisitions.
 We plan to keep our flexibility and our balance sheet
 optionality available for potential M&A opportunities.
 While we did not close as many transactions during 2016 as we did in 2015, the M&A Pipeline
 remains active, as evidenced by the recent announcement over acquisition of republic
 doors.
 And lastly, we have the opportunity to provide
 shareholder distributions, increased dividends that reflect strength and confidence in our
 cash flow.
 In addition, we will continue to repurchase shares, offset
 resolution, and to be opportunistic when appropriate.
 Last week-
 We announced a 33% increase in our quarterly dividend and also announced a new $500 million
 share repurchase authorization.
 During the 4th quarter of 2016, we purchased 850,000 shares
 for approximately $55 million under our previous share repurchase authorization.
 In summary, we have many options to deploy capital for the benefit of our shareholders.
 This is driven by our ability to generate consistent, high cash flow.
 I'll now hand it back over to Dave for an update on our full year 2017 guidance.
 Follow the narrative for me on price and cost.
 It's 4Q into 17 if you could.
 Yes, so, you know, as you mentioned, Q4 pricing was favorable.
 If you kind of look at it relative to the prior quarter sequentially improved, we did
 go out with a price increase at the beginning of the quarter in our commercial segment of
 of the business, saw a really good traction there.
 I think it demonstrates that we've continued to grow in our discipline and focus in this
 area.
 saw good improvement in the residential business as well,
 which was really positive.
 We believe that momentum will continue into 2017.
 And so, the price, cost, equation, as we look into, you know, kind of the four-year basis
 of where commodity prices trade today, most of the price should offset the commodity headwind.
 It is a significant kind of change if you look at the cost side of the equation.
 Commodity prices like steel, for example, is up, you know, 40, 50 percent over the average
 rate for 2016. So we are anticipating more price movement in 2017 to offset the increase
 in the commodity cost.
 And so in Q4, it was about 150 basis points improvement year over year.
 As we look at the full year 2016, I think across the globe was about 1% price improvement,
 which is fairly consistent over the prior couple of years.
 The 2017 will be north of that, you know, you're probably looking at one to one and a half percent
 improvement so the rest of the organic growth would be volume related and we
 We would characterize that as that market plus.
 We would expect, given our channel initiatives, new product development, the traction we've
 gain some of the new initiatives, new products coming out for 2017 that we would grow above
 market of say 1% to 2% is our expectation.
 And that's why you're seeing a fairly robust anticipation of revenue growth for 2017, as
 as well as strong markets.
 Yeah, I would just add to Andrew if you kind of look at these in terms of capital deployment alternatives
 You have to look at it over a longer time horizon and, you know, these historically
 of the last couple of years have provided an outstanding return on invested capital.
 And so, you know, we look at the opportunities, as Dave said, we're a learning organization
 as we look at opportunities to expand our market segmentation in areas where we're
 underserved today just provides really good growth opportunities and we're going to manage
 the
 equation so that the incremental investments, we can make those still grow the top line
 and expand our margins, you know, in the region
 where we make the investments.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, you know from a seasonal perspective, I think you probably have to look at 25th go back to 2015
 and look at kind of the split there, you know, from top line perspective and maybe back into,
 into, you know, kind of the first half of 2016 and, you know, assume, you know, kind
 revenue growth and margin expansion you know both quarters you know year over
 But you're right, the comparisons are easier in Q1, you know, just because of the blip we had last year.
 next year. So we'll continue to see margin expansion, the pricing is going to be stronger
 as you said, you know, that should offset a lot of the commodity cost increase.
 we continue to get outstanding volume leverage
 on the incremental volume.
 And so that should continue to move forward.
 improvements will continue to drive margin performance as well.
 So, you know, the margin expectation is we'll manage the investment, incremental investments
 to ensure that we get top line growth
 So we're still getting margin accretion in America's.
 and that should be fairly steady throughout the course of the year.
 So, we didn't mention it in the quarter, well, for the full year, you know, kind of low double digits, growth.
 Q4 was kind of similar type of range, you know, it continues to grow faster than the traditional
 mechanical business, good trend for us. As you know, electronic products sell at a higher
 average selling price, similar margin, more EBIT dollars, cash flow, so good
 friend and that's something we're investing in to take advantage of that
 electro-mechanical conversions.
 Yeah, so, you know, I would anticipate, well, first of all, the step up here is all related
 to specific opportunities that we see, you know, specific around the market segmentation
 that Dave talked about, you know, expansion of the channel, discretionary market opportunity,
 New product development, those type of things.
 The other thing that's fueling that a little bit
 is when we acquire companies, I mean there's opportunities that, in order to fully realize
 that investment and take advantage of that.
 are needed to kind of expand the capabilities of that.
 The public door would be a good example of that where we need some infrastructure spending
 if you will to fully take advantage of that acquisition and to fill out the regional distribution
 and capability for fulfillment for customers.
 So, it really is going to be dependent upon what's taking place in the industry acquisition
 et cetera.
 But I would say, you know, going forward long term, 15 to 20 cents, I would say is probably
 a peak. You know, how much it will taper down from there is hard to say, but you know, each
 year we'll kind of look at individually, but I think the critical thing is that when
 When we evaluate these, we ensure that there's good revenue growth opportunity that we can
 execute on it, the risk of doing that isn't significant, and we've got to demonstrate
 to prove a concept in the marketplace before we put a bunch of capital behind it.
 So we've got leavers.
 we can pull. If we can't execute, we can throttle back a little bit.
 a little bit more difficult, you know, just given the scale and size of the region.
 But steady improvement, kind of like where we are now with Europe.
 you know, we'd expect leverage on top line growth and, you know,
 continue to drive a price to exceed inflation and, you know, just steady improvement.
 Perfect. Thank you.