 good day and welcome to the firm second quarter 2020 financial results and
 corporate update conference call at this time all participants are in a listen-only mode
 As a reminder, today's conference has been recorded.
 and now let's introduce you
 Your host for today's conference, Alexander Fuzi-Pudius, Head of Investor Relations at
 you found, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Charlotte.
 I'd like to welcome and thank you all for joining us today for APMED's second quarter
 2020 Financial Results and Operational Progress Conference Call.
 Before we begin, I would like to encourage everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of APMED's website
 to find the earnings release and related financial tables.
 We also posted slides on our website that follow our discussion today.
 On the call today, we are joined by Drs. Adi Hurst, our Chief Executive Officer, Andreas
 heart strike
 Chief Medical Officer
 on Shatelias, Chief Scientific Officer,
 and Angus Smith, our new Chief Financial Officer, who joined us in July.
 We are also joined by Dr. Wolfgang Fischer, our Chief Operating Officer, and Ms. Denise
 Miller, Chief Business Officer. They will also be available for the Q&A session. Before we start,
 I will quickly go through the safe harbor statement. Today's discussion contains projections
 and forward-looking statements regarding future events.
 These statements represent
 our beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this call.
 Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly
 or to update the reasons why actual results
 could differ materially from those anticipated
 in the forward-looking statement.
 even if new information becomes available in the future.
 These forward-looking statements are subjects to risk and uncertainties and
 actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in this statement.
 these various factors, including but not limited to those identified under the section entitled
 of risk factors in our filings with the SEC
 and those identified under the section entitled
 forward-looking statements in the press release
 that we issued today and filed with the SEC.
 With that, I will turn the call over to Ari.
 All right.
 Thank you Alex
 Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our second quarter business update call.
 today we have some updates to share with you on our operational progress
 as well as on our financial results
 While we're still in the middle of a serious global health pandemic
 and a challenging economic downturn,
 And at Affemit, we were quite confident that the steps we were taking in advancing our
 science and moving our
 pipeline forward are beginning to
 use data that
 demonstrate the
 long-term potential of our innovative
 approaches and products.
 COVID-19 continues to affect societies around the world, and we hope that you and your families
 are well and safe.
 We are observing some impact
 by COVID-19 on the progress of our
 clinical studies, however,
 you said last time
 we're taking great efforts to minimize them.
 As a result, we have been able to continue our progress
 on the clinical studies of AFM-13 in peripheral T-cell lymphoma
 and of AFM24
 in each AFR-positive tumors.
 and, which is very exciting for us,
 to an antidote, the first patient
 with RO729, 7089,
 which as you remember
 is the BCMA CD16A Inert Cell Engager.
 We're also making good progress on our pre-clinical pipeline.
 For our lead candidate, AFM13, I was studying patients who have relapsed or refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma
 in exhausted
 available standard
 of care treatment
 are now being treated
 with AFM13 as a single agent.
 We are executing according to our development timelines and, as previously stated, expect
 to complete the predetermined interim analysis
 in mid-2021.
 one.
 We're also looking at options to enhance AFM13's efficacy beyond monotherapy.
 The first of these options is the combination with allogeneic and K-cells in a study that
 is conducted at the MD Anderson Cancer Institute
 under an IST.
 MD Anderson's website now shows that the study is enrolling, but the initiation is
 impacted by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic in Texas.
 A first patient in the study is expected as soon as the situation improves.
 4 a.m.
 24 we disclosed
 that we have completed the first cohort
 of our dose escalation study
 without any
 dose-limiting toxicities.
 And we're currently recruiting into the second dose cohort.
 We have all four plan sites active and recruiting.
 Following the completion of the dose escalation phase of the study, we have the option to
 to enroll patients into tumor-specific expansion
 cohorts where we will look for single-agent activity in a number of well-defined tumor
 times.
 we're planning to initiate combination studies with checkpoint inhibitors.
 And we will be providing updates as the program continues to make progress.
 We're very pleased with the continued progress in our collaboration with Genentech.
 Importantly, the Phase I clinical study with the BCMA-CD16A inertal engager is now enrolling patients.
 This achievement represents the third initial engager to enter the clinic and triggers a
 a milestone payment to us during the third quarter
 in an amount that we're not able to disclose.
 Last month,
 Angus Smith joined us as Chief Financial Officer.
 Angus will introduce himself later and discuss our financial position and the flexibility
 provides us to continue to execute on our strategy
 and drive future growth of our company.
 During the annual January meeting of shareholders, which was held on August 4th, we're happy
 to report that all proposed
 agenda items were approved.
 This includes the addition of Dr. Anneliese Jenkins and Harry Welton to the Supervisory
 report as new members.
 Annalisa is a visionary leader who knows how to translate science from bench to bedside.
 and Harry is an accomplished financial executive
 who will help drive value-creating strategies for the company.
 These additions to the supervisory board further strengthen the company's industry know-how, experience, and diversity.
 As it has only been a month and a half since we last spoke to you,
 We thought we would focus today's discussion on company achievements thus far
 and what gives us confidence in our science.
 update you on our programs, and allow plenty of time for Q&A.
 To get started, I will now hand over the call to Andreas Hostrich, our chief medical officer,
 to give you a brief update on our clinical stage programs.
 Andres?
 Yeah.
 Thank you, Adi, for the introduction, and thank you all for joining us today.
 And I'm happy to give you an update on the progress in our clinical programs that we
 made over the last three months as you all aware uh
 COVID-19 pandemic is still present globally, and it continues to pose challenges for the
 conduct of clinical trials and the enrollment of patients.
 The two guiding principles we are employing at AFIMED is to ensure patient safety on the studies and to ensure trial data integrity.
 And this is in line, I think, with guidances given from all competent authorities.
 Within this framework, however, the APHIMED team is very proactively working with all
 of our participating sites to make sure that our innovative treatment is still available
 for patients in need
 of new therapeutics
 and that we minimize the impact of COVID-19 to a minimum possible.
 One important achievement in this regard is that we were able to secure drug supply
 for all of our ongoing studies
 and can ensure uninterrupted treatment of all patients.
 To go into more detail, let's start with AFM 13, our most advanced program, first.
 As you know, AFM-13 is in a registration-directed phase 2 study, AFM-13-202, treating patients
 with relapsed and refractory peripheral T-cell lymphomas
 who have exhausted all available standard of care options.
 The enrollment into the study is at a steady state.
 We were able to activate 54 sites now, contributing patients in 10 countries around the globe.
 As you know, this is a, the study has a Simon-II stage design with a pre-planned interim analysis
 after 40 patients
 in the PTCL cohorts, and as Adi said,
 we are confident that we will have the data from this interim analysis available by the
 of next year.
 There was also a third cohort, or there is a third cohort in this study for patients
 with transformed mucosis fungoides,
 so a cutaneous form of T-cell lymphomas.
 This third cohort with mycosis fungoidis was never part and never intended to be part
 of the registration program.
 It was a proof-of-concept cohort only.
 And for COVID-19-related restrictions, the enrollment into this cohort is currently on hold.
 As Adi also mentioned, we are continuing to make progress in our collaboration with MD
 the Anderson Cancer Center, where we have an active IND
 for our first phase one study of AFM-13
 in combination with allogeneic national killer cells.
 As I already said, the current status at the MD Anderson webpage is recruiting, and we
 know that patients are
 currently screened and considered and we are expecting to the enrollment of the first patient
 as soon as COVID-19
 related restrictions at MD Anderson
 I'll lift up.
 Now, let's move to our second program, AFM24.
 as you know
 a bispecific tetravalent molecule targeting both CD16A to activate national killer cells
 macrophages, and the EGF receptor on solid tumors. This compound is in a phase one dose escalation
 part of the 101 study and we are happy to report that we were able to activate all four pre-planned
 sites, and all four pre-planned sites are contributing patients.
 As we disclosed earlier, we have completed our cohort one without observing dose-limiting
 toxicities, and are actively recruiting into those cohort too.
 create for patients with ICEs and activating the innate immune system.
 Arndt, please.
 Thank you, Andreas, and thank you all for joining.
 in the next few minutes
 I would like to summarize, as Andreas mentioned, the preclinical and clinical data observed
 so far with our innate cell engagers
 providing evidence
 that these molecules are potent
 and safe drug candidates.
 I'll start by summarizing the data, showing that our ICEs are potent molecules.
 As you see on slide 5, if we take AFM-13 as an example, AFM-13 has been shown strong
 single-agent anti-tumor responses and T-cell
 lymphoma with an overall response rate of 50%.
 The molecule has also shown promising signs of broad clinical development potential in
 augmenting other IO therapies, such as PD-1 inhibitors.
 For example, in the Hodgkin lymphoma phase 1b study, we've seen an impressive overall
 a response rate of 88%
 with a
 complete response rate of 42% and 46%
 in the local and the central read, respectively.
 In the lower part of the slide, we've also highlighted for you presentations of the studies
 past and in the future.
 in the future.
 Additionally, our own experience
 and the work with Andy Anderson, we have seen promising
 preclinical data showing that the combination
 with the adoptive transfer of NK cells
 enhanced the immune response of AFIN-13,
 leading to prolonged survival
 in the respective mouse model.
 And as we mentioned, the Phase I-B study
 and Anderson is now in the last stages of preparation.
 if we go
 to slide six, you see that in our preclinical studies
 with AFM24.
 we saw potent killing
 of EGFR-positive tumor cell lines mediated by two distinctive mechanisms of action,
 Potent ADCC, or antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity, is seen irrespective of the
 mutational stages of the tumor cells.
 and we see potent killing mediated by ADCP
 or antibody-dependent cell of the phagocytosis
 in tumor cells with high
 and below EGFR expression.
 Importantly, in cells bearing the KRAS G13D mutation,
 AFM24 shows preserved
 killing, potent killing
 or ADCP or phagocytosis,
 whereas this ability is lost for established treatments.
 for the anti-BCMA
 CD16 or
 RO729
 formerly known as AFM26 molecule.
 we also saw very good
 potency in Sinnoh monkeys, whereas a dose-dependent killing of BCMA-positive plasma cells was
 observed.
 We believe that the observed, improved potency is mediated by the dual mode of action of our approach.
 The innate cell engagers are employing NK cells
 and macrophages to kill tumor cells and thus
 act via a two-pronged
 mode of action
 of antibody-dependent
 cellular cytotoxicity and antibody-dependent thagocytosis to fight cancer.
 Indeed, this dual mode of action is differentiated from other RNA cell-targeting approaches, as these specifically activate NK cells only.
 RNA cell engagers work at low
 expression levels.
 The potency is thus independent of the surface target
 expression
 and you see this
 We continue in slide 6.
 With AFM13, we learned that there is a broad range of cell lines that express different
 levels of tumor antigen, and we have not observed any dependency of target expression to the potency
 of the molecule.
 The same holds true for AFM24 and the anti-DCMA engagerers.
 Preclinically, both molecules have shown high potency across a wide range of EGFR and BCMA
 surface expression, including
 and low target expression levels.
 This implies that more patients could respond to treatment with an innate cell
 versus an antibody drug conjugate, or ADC, as the mechanism of ADCs have been shown
 only to rely on certain levels of target antigen, thereby missing those tumor cells
 with expression levels below the ability of the ADC to bind two target cells.
 As we move on to slide 7 and report on the safety front, preclinically, our innate cell
 Thank you.
 demonstrate low cytokine release.
 Some examples of this are the IND-enabling toxicology study in synomologous monkeys,
 which consistently showed no meaningful
 increases in serum
 sodicons.
 For example, at the June virtual ACR conference, a preclinical poster presentation on the RO729 molecule with Genentech showed potent cell killing in tumor cell lines employing NK cells as effector cells with minimal increase in cytokines.
 Also, a four-week safety study in Sinnoh monkeys showed a favorable safety profile with no
 Sadekhan release or adverse findings
 at the 15, 1-5, and 50, so 5-0 mix-per-kick tested dose levels.
 And in the case of AFN24,
 only a transient
 increase in aisle six
 was observed that was fully
 reversible within
 24 hours, but no
 signs of cytokine release was observed
 that would lead one to believe that there is a risk of a cytokine storm in patients.
 Important to note here is that none of the clinical studies of AFM-13 have revealed any
 significant increases in serum cytokines.
 These data indicate that RICs have a tolerable and good safety profile.
 taken all together.
 these data suggest that our innate cell
 engagers are potent
 able to engage at low levels of antigen expression
 and have thus far
 demonstrated a good and tolerable safety profile.
 Now, in order to maximize the opportunity for our molecules, in addition to clinical
 development is monotherapies.
 we're also pursuing
 combinations with natural
 killer cells
 And other treatments, such as checkpoint inhibitors, such as PD-1 and PD-L1.
 we go to slide 8
 and first let me comment on
 our combination approach
 with NK cells.
 As you see on the slide, there is evidence showing that high NK cell numbers are associated
 with better outcomes.
 For example, patients with metastatic cutaneous melanoma have improved survival rates if their tumors show evidence of NK cell infiltration.
 We also know that patients with
 diffuse large B-cells, and follicular lymphomas
 treated with anti-CD20 antibodies
 that have low
 peripheral NK counts tend to have poor
 survival.
 We're seeing that one of the limitations in treating patients is that they don't have
 the appropriate amount of NK cells.
 So, we're working on supplementing NK cells through adoptive transfer and are currently
 assessing different approaches, as you can see on slide 9.
 As we go to slide 10, and as discussed earlier,
 the improved
 tumor cell killing
 by loading NK cells
 with our ICEs.
 As you see on the graph for in vitro data on the right-hand side of slide 10, it will
 be investigated in the MD Anderson
 in phase one study
 in CD30 positive recurrent or refractory Hodgkin
 non-Hodgkin lymphoma patients.
 The preclinical data that we share here
 and have shared before
 leads us to believe
 that they can expect to see
 an improvement in the efficacy
 of innate cell engager
 8th and 13th through the
 addition of NK cells.
 An
 encouraged by the synergistic potential of combining
 or
 I
 see
 HE'S WITH ANOTHER
 NK cells and checkpoint inhibitors. We're currently evaluating
 the opportunity on our
 developing clinical plans for these combinations with AFM24.
 Finally,
 Finally, let's go back to the next slide.
 Let me just briefly summarize the recent posters presented at ASER.
 demonstrated its distinct mechanism of action, different from other EGFR signaling inhibition
 approaches, potentially able to provide
 benefit to a broad range of cancer patients.
 And in the case of the joint poster with genetic, the preclinical pharmacology and safety of
 the BCMA, CD16, DNA,
 innate cell engager shows potent cell killing
 in tumor cell lines, employing NK cells as effector cells.
 minimal increase in cytokines, suggesting a low risk of cytokine release syndrome.
 We hope this background was helpful for you, and I will now turn the call over to Angus
 to introduce himself and
 provide an update on the financials.
 Thanks.
 Thank you, Arntz
 Thank you, Art.
 Before I discuss our financial highlights of this quarter, let me just say that I am thrilled to have joined that event.
 and I look forward to working with our talent
 with our challenge to deliver on the promise of our exciting cycle.
 Bye.
 Turning to the results for the quarter.
 CoffeeMet's consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS
 as issued by the International Accounting Standard Board, or IASB.
 The consolidated financial statements are presented in Euros, which is the company's functional and presentation currency.
 Therefore, all financial numbers that I will present in this call, unless otherwise noted, will be in euros.
 We ended the second quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and current financial assets of 92.6 million euros, compared to 104.1 million euros on December 31, 2019.
 During the quarter, we received net proceeds of approximately 20.8 million euros under our at-the-market or ATM program.
 Based on our current operating plan and assumptions, we anticipate that our cash, cash equivalents,
 and comes up.
 financial assets will support operations into the first half of 2022. Net cash use in operating
 activities for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, was 15 million euros compared to 5.6 million euros
 in the second quarter of 2019.
 The second quarter, 2019, net cash use and operating activities included a milestone
 payment to the company from the
 and NTECH collaboration.
 Total revenue for the second quarter of 2020 was 2.9 million euros, compared with 4 million euros in the second quarter of 2019.
 Revenue in 2020 and 2019
 predominantly relates to the Genentech collaboration.
 Revenue from the Genentech collaboration in the second quarter, 2020, was comprised of revenue recognized for collaborative research services performed during the quarter.
 R&D expenses for the second quarter of 2020 were 11.7 million euros, compared to 11.5 million euros in the second quarter of 2019.
 Expenses in 2020 relate predominantly to our AFM-13 and AFM-24 clinical programs as well
 as well as to our early-stage development and discovery activities.
 G&A expenses for the second quarter of 2020 were €2.6 million compared to €2.3 million
 euros in the second quarter of 2019. The increase is primarily related to higher stocks compliance
 costs, legal, consulting, and audit costs.
 Net loss for the second quarter of 2020 was €12.2 million, or $0.16 per common share.
 of 10.3 million euros or 17 cents per common share
 during the second quarter of 2019.
 The weighted number of commentator
 outstanding for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 for $79.2 million. I will now turn the call back
 to Adi. Adi?
 Thank you, Angus.
 is it
 can see from our presentation today, we're taking advantage of the knowledge that we've
 gained in the field of innate immunity
 and are applying it to our programs going forward.
 This experience in working with the innate immune system
 is something that we have uniquely established at Affymet
 and is helping us in guiding the design
 of unique therapies which now have the potential
 to address very different kinds of cancers.
 I just want to point out here that the EGFR is expressed
 in more than ten tumors
 And that gives us a lot of optionality
 how to take this molecule forward.
 We're pleased with how things are moving forward
 for both our clinical and pre-clinical programs,
 especially in the current environment.
 Our preclinical programs are on track.
 AFM 13 and 24 are moving forward according to plan,
 and Chinantic is moving things forward
 with the anti-PCMA CD16A inner cell engager.
 What are our inflection points for the next one and a half years for EFM13?
 we have mentioned that
 we want to
 present the interim data in peripheral T-cell lymphoma around the middle of next year.
 We've been successful in our collaboration with MD Anderson moving forward, the combination
 of AFM 13
 and co-blood-derived natural killer cells.
 as we've said
 And we're ready to start, or MD Anderson is ready to start, and we hope to report first
 patient then
 and we will provide updates as we move forward.
 For AFM24, we're in the midst of dose escalation in order to generate safety and
 activity.
 activity data.
 This is quite exciting for us because it's a drug with a very differentiated profile
 as compared to the other moieties currently used
 and targeting EGF receptor.
 Now with the dose escalation and establishing the safety,
 We obviously will have the recommended Phase II dose coming up
 in order to then do the dose-cohote expansion.
 but as we've mentioned
 And earlier as well, we're also planning early on to move forward into combinations.
 We're very happy with the progress in the genetic collaboration.
 We've just provided the next update for the BCMA CD16A engager.
 We have multiple other programs ongoing, and if things go well,
 depending on program progression,
 we can bring in additional milestone.
 And for our newest additions to the pipeline,
 with AFM 28 and AFM 32.
 we are starting the IND enabling studies
 so that we can have an IND filing first for AFEM28.
 Finally, before we open the session for Q&A, I would like to thank all our employees for their contribution
 and express our gratitude, my gratitude in particular for our investigators
 and the clinical sites, the patients and all their families
 and our investors who are supporting us
 in our efforts to develop these innovative treatments
 for cancer patients.
 It is through the combined efforts of all of you
 that keeps us on the path of discovery and innovation.
 I'm now happy to close the presentation
 and we're open now for questions.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session.
 As a reminder, should you wish to ask a question, you will need to press star and the number
 one in the telephone and wait for anything else.
 the Jewish Council
 so they can depress the pound or hash key.
 Once again, it's star and one for a question.
 First question comes from the line of Maui at Rakeoffs from Jeffries, please go ahead.
 your line is now open
 Bye.
 Hey, good morning, everyone.
 And that's in the progress.
 thanks for taking my questions
 to start off
 Just wondering for AFM24, I'm not sure how much you can say on this,
 but just wondering if both patients in cohort two have been dosed and,
 if you can talk more
 about the timing of dosing between patients
 And with the four sites activated, can you provide any more perspective about enrollment
 pace going forward.
 Andreas, can you take the question, please?
 Yeah, so there will
 multiple parts to the questions i hope i got them all um so the phase one study of afm24
 As we said, we are recruiting in the second cohort.
 We have not yet disclosed how many patients.
 As you know, it's a standard 3x3 design with a Bayesian dose modification, but that's
 basically what it is.
 In terms of timing between
 the patients, there is a mandatory eight-day waiting period between patients, so they cannot
 be treated
 all at the same time, but will be staggered
 It was eight-day intervals.
 And there was another part of the question around the four participating sites.
 Right. Yeah. Just wondering if you can provide any more perspective about enrollment pace going forward.
 Yeah, currently the enrollment pace is pre-specified by the protocol, so all sites are very active
 in screening patients, and as we said,
 and all sites have already contributed patients.
 Got it. Okay, great.
 And then also for
 AFM24
 or just checking if you can say more about the tumor types
 that you're screening for the study.
 and if you can also provide more perspective into the checkpoint inhibitor
 and combo plans at this point.
 So, for the tumor types, in the dose escalation part, we are accepting all patients with all histologies that our EGFR are expressing.
 and where the patient has exhausted the respective standard of care treatments.
 As Adi mentioned, this is a wide variety of potential tumors, probably the two most prevalent
 tumors would be colorectal cancer and non-small cell lung cancer.
 end, these are the two histologies where we would expect probably the majority of patients
 Interface One.
 Having said that, the dose escalation part would also be open for other EGFR expressing
 tumors like, for example, head and neck cancer, gastric cancer, or other solid tumors.
 Now, once we have defined our dose-limiting toxicities, or if there are no dose-limiting
 toxicities we have defined the recommended Phase II dose.
 We will enroll into tumor-specific expansion cohorts.
 and these expansion cohorts are currently in the process
 of being defined.
 Now for our PD-1 combination plans
 based on the interesting data
 we have seen with PD-1
 in combination with AFM-13, which aren't referred to,
 with a very encouraging complete response rate
 in excess of 40%.
 We plan to have a combination with a PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitor open rather soon,
 probably are in parallel to the last cohorts
 of the dose escalation of the single agent study.
 So it will be more or less a parallel development
 that we are anticipating right now.
 Great.
 Okay, thanks for the additional perspective.
 Any follow-up questions?
 Okay, we'll now proceed to the next question.
 next question comes from the line of
 Jim
 Bershinov from
 We'll see you next time.
 So please go ahead, Jim.
 yeah hi guys congrats on all the progress um maybe just a first quick question for angus
 to start him off.
 um collaborative research revenues is that expected to be a stable number between the
 $3 million to $4 million level, or is there any reason that might go up as programs
 progress and as
 we think about the milestone that got paid in the third quarter, is it a simple
 matter to back out the
 assumptions around collaborative research revenues
 and that will give us some sense of the milestone, given that you can't say it explicitly.
 yeah
 Yeah, thanks, Jim, for the question.
 And so, you know, our revenue numbers fluctuate from quarter to quarter, you know,
 based primarily on the number of hours
 that we're working on the various Genentech programs
 that are in progress.
 I mean, you can see just looking back at the last several quarters,
 We've been, you know, fairly range-bound and call it the $2 million to $5 million zone.
 And, you know, when you see increases, it's typically a result of point-in-time milestone payments that we receive.
 So, you know, this milestone payment that we discussed today that we'll hit in the third quarter will likely increase our revenues in the third quarter.
 And that would be sort of an add-on to the range that you've seen over the last several quarters of, again, kind of two to five million dollars, or two to five million euros, rather.
 Got it.
 Okay, that's helpful.
 And then maybe just on cohort one for AFM24 and what we might learn from that cohort,
 can you remind us if you're doing pre and post biopsies
 and what kind of translational work you might be doing
 and, you know, how that might inform, you know, the ability to recruit innate cells to the tumor site?
 Yeah. So, in the dose escalation part, we do a pre-treatment biopsy, post- or on-treatment biopsies are optional.
 we do have a significant
 and Correlative Science program looking at
 peripheral activation markers of NK cells,
 as well as on cytokine profiles.
 Once we are in the expansion phase,
 So we are recruiting into tumor-specific cohorts.
 I think this is the part
 where we will get most of the correlative science
 as we have a more homogeneous patient population,
 we maintain our requirement for a pre-treatment biopsy
 and will have post or on-treatment biopsies
 in selected cohorts.
 and then just
 you know
 given the
 comments on the
 variability and
 peripheral NK cell
 populations
 is there any sense
 in screening patients for their NK cell levels,
 given that patients who screen low
 may not have adequate NK cells
 or macrophages to recruit
 or do you feel like within the variability of an eight cell in the blood
 that you'll be able to have an effective treatment
 and it's not worth screening for that variable.
 I think currently
 it would be premature
 to
 depends on what you mean
 was screening
 so we are definitely
 determining the
 levels of circulating
 NK cells
 and also looking at some of their characteristics.
 I think we currently do not have enough data to define a cutoff or a threshold, and this
 may very well vary between
 tumor histologies and also be dependent on the infiltration of NK cells in the tumor
 microenvironment, a variable which we have seen in our AFM-Columbia study to have some
 impact on the likelihood of a microenvironment, a variable which we have seen in our AFM-Columbia
 to respond to patients of patients.
 So I think in the beginning of the program, we will be open for all comers.
 we will assess all of these important
 biomarkers, and then based on the activity data and the readout that we are seeing, we
 may modify the program defining certain thresholds but
 Currently, I think it would be premature to do that.
 And maybe just a final question.
 And just the MD Anderson collaboration is focused on core blood-derived NK cells.
 is there any thought
 to other NK cell sources, including potentially IPSC-derived NK cells?
 um
 Adi, you want to take this question or should I take it?
 Well, Andres, why don't you go ahead?
 Okay.
 yeah you're right
 when
 quote
 blood-derived NK cells
 is one source of NK cells
 and if you
 watch the field of
 and case cell-based approaches,
 especially the field around companies
 and institutes providing different sources of NK cells.
 there is definitely speed picking up
 And then there's a variety of options to look at.
 And this is what we do, not only from our side,
 But we have also received proactive inquiries of potential working models together.
 So we are looking at the entire NCASE cell field and then evaluate various options there.
 Great.
 Thank you for taking the questions, guys.
 maybe as a quick comment
 And so we see this co-blood-derived in K-cells already quite advanced in clinical development.
 And so there have already been many patients treated.
 Well, with the IPSCs currently, there is still the safety to be determined.
 and obviously in combination
 we learn more on their functionalities.
 so this is somewhat
 yet
 to us on how functional
 and ITSC derived versus a peripheral in case LS, and it's good to see the first clinical data.
 So we're quite not only happy, but we've checked so many different options at the moment for in-casters,
 and we are indeed very convinced about the activity of the co-blood-derived cells from MD-Anderson.
 Great. Thanks, Adi.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Ike OG from BMO Capital.
 the line is now open
 Please go ahead.
 Hey, good morning, gentlemen.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 And this is EK on for Do Kim.
 just a couple
 regarding the DCMA and the engager,
 I understand that you probably have limited visibility
 on the entirety of the clinical deliverance pathway,
 but if you can
 provides
 any type of insight in terms of what Genentech kind of has planned, maybe in terms of could
 potentially pursue
 an accelerated pathway
 for the assets
 And secondly, again, you don't provide complete details on the exact milestone payments, but
 If you can provide us some additional perspective on what the future
 milestones for that
 that it might hold
 in terms of, you know, phase two, phase three,
 things of that sort, should we expect increasing size of value for each milestone payments,
 That would be helpful for us.
 Thanks.
 Adi, maybe I take the question on the pathway and then hand over it to you with the mouse mouse.
 Yes, please.
 go ahead, Ant.
 So thanks for the question.
 I mean, as you already correctly say,
 we cannot really speak in detail
 for Genentech, but we can share with you
 I think you're aware, of course,
 licensing this molecule was a big part of the deal
 what we did with Genentech,
 they're obviously excited
 about the strong
 differentiation potential
 of the molecule also demonstrated at AECR at the poster
 just to review again
 a very strong preclinical cell killing,
 selective no psihoticon release,
 Very good safety profile and good pharmacodynamic marker, specific BCMA plasma cell killing
 in the Sinnoh monkey
 so
 you know
 So despite the also recent approvals of the, you know, first incomers in the space,
 I would say
 say that
 genetic
 shares our excitement with the differentiation potential
 in a way for a potentially best-in-class molecule.
 maybe I leave it there
 I think it's a
 it's a clearly
 a
 strongly clinically validated
 space and I think
 this molecule will enable
 jenantic
 that we as their partner
 to have a strong position in this space.
 Regarding the financials, I just want to recall the deal when it was signed.
 so we received 96 million in upfront cash
 and can get a total of more than five billion
 billion in milestones that are in different categories so there are a
 I'm pretending to...
 So there's a pre-technical milestone payment.
 There are indeed multiple clinical milestone payments, regulatory and sales milestones,
 and on top we can receive
 royalties which
 as we described are on the
 higher end of what you would
 expect for the early nature
 of the
 license agreement.
 And beyond that, we're not able to disclose
 Any further details?
 unless Genetic would allow us,
 but Roche would allow us to do so.
 Usually, and that's just a general statement, is that the payments will increase the further the program progresses.
 Okay, thank you for that.
 And just one more quick question.
 And I think I might have misheard it.
 This is in regards to AFM24.
 I believe you mentioned that there was a patient that had increased AL-6 cytokine levels that was resolved over 24 hours.
 I'm just curious, was that self-resolving or did that patient receive an ALS-6 inhibitor?
 yeah I can
 And thanks for bringing that up and the clarification.
 so the transient
 And our sixth increase was reported in the INE-enabling SINNO-TOX study.
 what you're referring to, the AACR poster.
 Indeed, we saw that with the dosing, a kind of moderate peak.
 that quickly went down
 was completely resolved
 without any
 treatment
 And obviously, you know, one doesn't do that in the, because this is, you know, talk study.
 and again when we see this in the context
 because it was transient and fully reversed,
 leads us to the conclusion, which of course will be looked at
 carefully in patients
 that we should not expect
 any kind of cytokine
 release syndrome.
 okay thank you for that clarification
 Sure.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the line of ear, Jen, from Made in Your Company.
 Please go ahead and write this now open.
 Hello.
 Yes, hello.
 Yeah, hi.
 Can I hear you?
 Hi, sorry that my headset fell out.
 Thanks for taking the questions.
 my first question is that
 for the AFM 13
 for the
 registration study that
 It's assignment two set up.
 So what might be the threshold of ORR in the 40-patient sort of internal readout before you can move forward?
 So I'm just curious what any information you can reveal on that front.
 I'm afraid we cannot give
 a concrete response rate
 it's based also on the bayesian design so there are some interdependence of response rates but
 we usually do not disclose thresholds,
 But it's a classical assignment two-stage design.
 Okay, no problem.
 And also, just curious, in terms of AFM24, that your dose escalating, but at least based
 on the animal data, is there any thoughts
 when you might start to see the potential effective dose to start?
 I think currently it's not possible to predict
 when we will have the optimal biologically active dose
 as there are a number of covariance,
 like binding sites for CD16,
 binding sites for EGFR and then distribution.
 and as you know
 the animal models, especially in terms of pharmacokinetics
 And pharmacodynamics are very difficult to translate the relevant tox species.
 and after all that's only a talk species
 is the Cynomorgous monkey.
 However, we do not have any
 Sinomorgos Monkey
 tumor models available
 so we cannot
 really bridge between what we see in the toxicology studies and then what we
 would see in terms of
 efficacy for tumors.
 So it will be something that we will have to define in our clinical program.
 program. Okay, great.
 Maybe
 what's sticking
 in one
 And one last question here is that in terms of adaptive NK cell from the cold blood,
 deriving themselves.
 first of all
 Could that be potentially used in Salted Sumer?
 and any comments in terms of regarding that possibility.
 this is as
 Adi said
 something that we are actively
 looking into
 We're starting out with lymphomas, obviously, with AFM-13, targeting CD30, but our vision is that also for AFM-13,
 AFM24, we will develop
 certain development options in combination with NK cells
 could be caught blood-derived in K-cells,
 It could be in cases from another source.
 that is something that we will define
 but the intention is also
 to have a
 have a program where AFM24 would be partnered with exogenous NK cells.
 Okay, great. Thanks. I appreciate it and congrats for all the progress this far.
 No further questions at this time for any closing remarks.
 Please go ahead, speakers.
 Thank you again for listening in
 and following our
 our update
 Um,
 the
 The progress is coming smoothly along, despite that we are affected by COVID.
 We have strengthened the team significantly in order to address any issues that may relate
 to the conductance of these clinical trials
 or to the interactions with the specific sites.
 So we're very happy to be able to have been able to address any of the issues that have been arising.
 and I indeed want to thank again the entire team here at AFIMED
 for managing all that through these difficult times.
 We're quite excited that we can move forward these programs, either as monotherapies and
 now looking at different options of combination.
 If you've heard, we'll focus on natural killer cells and checkpoint inhibitors, in particular
 or PD-1s or PD-L1s.
 So we feel that we have, with the multiple programs,
 Addressing different targets, we can provide a cadence of data over the next quarters and years.
 and very happy to report
 any additional updates as we move along.
 Thanks a lot again for listening in, and all the best.
 Good point.
 Thank you.
 Thank you all for listening to the conference of the day.
 Thank you all for participating.
 email and disconnect.
 Sweet dreams, everyone.
 Thank you.
 Bum.