 Good day and welcome to the Affirmed second quarter 2020 financial results and corporate update conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder today's conference is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce you, your host for today's conference, Alexander Fuzi Kuzius, Head of Investor Relations at Affirmed. Please go ahead. Thank you, Charlotte. I'd like to welcome and thank you all for joining us today for Affirmed's second quarter 2020 financial results and operational progress conference call. Before we begin I would like to encourage everyone to go to the Investor Relations section of Affirmed's website to find the earnings release and related financial tables. We also posted slides on our website that follow our discussion today. On the call today we are joined by Drs. Adi Hurst, our Chief Executive Officer, Andreas Harstrick, Chief Medical Officer, Arne Shatilias, Chief Scientific Officer, and Angus Smith, our new Chief Financial Officer who joined us in July. We are also joined by Dr. Wolfgang Fischer, our Chief Operating Officer, and Ms. Denise Muller, Chief Business Officer. They will also be available for the Q&A session. Before we start, I will quickly go through the Safe Harbor Statement. Today's discussion contains projections and forward-looking statements regarding future events. These statements represent our beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this call. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statement, even if new information becomes available in the future. These forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements due to various factors including but not limited to those identified under the section entitled risk factors and our filings with the SEC and those identified under the section entitled forward-looking statements in the press release that we issued today and filed with the SEC. With that, I will turn the call over to Adi. Adi? Thank you, Alex. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our second quarter business update call. Today we have some updates to share with you on our operational progress as well as on our financial results. While we're still in the middle of a serious global health pandemic and a challenging economic downturn, at Affymet we're quite confident that the steps we're taking in advancing our science and moving our pipeline forward are beginning to yield data that demonstrate the long-term potential of our innovative approaches and products. COVID-19 continues to affect societies around the world and we hope that you and your families are well and safe. We are observing some impact by COVID-19 on the progress of our clinical studies. However, is that last time we're taking great efforts to minimize them. As a result, we have been able to continue our progress on the clinical studies of AFM-13 in peripheral T-cell lymphoma and of AFM-24 in EGFR-positive tumors. And, which is very exciting for us, genetic dose, the first patient with RO729, which, as you remember, is the BCMA CD16A inner cell engager. We're also making good progress on our pre-chemical pipeline. For our lead candidate, AFM-13, our study in patients who have relapsed or refractory peripheral T-cell lymphoma in exhausted available standard of care treatments are now being treated with AFM-13 as a single agent. We are executing according to our development timelines and, as previously stated, expect to complete the predetermined interim analysis in mid-2021. We're also looking at options to enhance AFM-13's efficacy beyond monotherapy. The first of these options is the combination with allogeneic and K-cells in a study that is conducted at the MD Anderson Cancer Institute and on IST. MD Anderson's website now shows that the study is enrolling, but the initiation is impacted by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic in Texas. A first patient in the study is expected as soon as this situation improves. For AFM-24, we disclosed that we have completed the first cohort of our dose escalation study without any dose-limiting toxicities, and we're currently recruiting into the second dose cohort. We have all four plant sites active and recruiting. Following the completion of the dose escalation phase of the study, we have the option to enroll patients into tumor-specific expansion cohorts, where we will look for single-agent activity in a number of well-defined tumor types. In addition, we're planning to initiate combination studies with checkpoint inhibitors, and we will be providing updates as the program continues to make progress. We're very pleased with the continued progress in our collaboration with Genentech. Importantly, the Phase I clinical study with the BCMA-CD16A in-etal engager is now enrolling patients. This achievement represents the third in-etal engager to enter the clinic and triggers a milestone payment to us during the third quarter in an amount that we are not able to disclose. Last month, Angus Smith joined us as Chief Financial Officer. Angus will introduce himself later and discuss our financial position and the flexibility provides us to continue to execute on our strategy and drive the future growth of our company. During the annual January meeting of shareholders, which was held on August 4th, we're happy to report that all proposed agenda items were approved. This includes the addition of Dr. Annalisa Jenkins and Harry Welton to the Supervisory Board as new members. Annalisa is a visionary leader who knows how to translate science from bench to bedside, and Harry is an accomplished financial executive who will help drive value-creating strategies for the company. These additions to the Supervisory Board further strengthen the company's industry know-how, experience, and diversity. As it has only been a month and a half since we last spoke to you, we thought we would focus today's discussion on company achievements thus far and what gives us confidence in our science, update you on our programs, and allow plenty of time for Q&A. To get started, I will now hand over the call to Andreas Hostrik, our Chief Medical Officer, to give you a brief update on our clinical stage programs. Andreas? Andreas? Andreas? Andreas? Andreas? Andreas? Andreas? Yes. Thank you, Adi, for the introduction, and thank you all for joining us today. And I'm happy to give you an update on the progress in our clinical programs that we made over the last three months. As you are all aware, the COVID-19 pandemic is still present globally, and it continues to pose challenges for the conduct of clinical trials and the enrollment of patients. The two guiding principles we are employing at Afimet is to ensure patient safety on the studies and to ensure trial data integrity. And this is in line, I think, with guidances given from all competent authorities. Within this framework, however, the Afimet team is very proactively working with all of our participating sites to make sure that our innovative treatment is still available for patients in need of new therapeutics, and that we minimize the impact of COVID-19 to a minimum possible. One important achievement in this regard is that we were able to secure drug supply for all of our ongoing studies and can ensure uninterrupted treatment of all patients. To go into more detail, let's start with AFM13, our most advanced program, first. As you know, AFM13 is a registration-directed Phase II study, AFM13-202, treating patients with relapsed and refractory peripheral T-cell lymphomas who have exhausted all available standard of care options. The enrollment into this study is at a steady state. We were able to activate 54 sites now, contributing patients, in 10 countries around the globe. As you know, this study has a SIMON II-stage design with a pre-planned interim analysis after 40 patients in the PTCL cohorts. And as Adi said, we are confident that we will have the data from this interim analysis available by the mid of next year. There was also a third cohort, or there is a third cohort in this study for patients with transformed mucosis fungoides, so a cutaneous form of T-cell lymphomas. This third cohort with mucosis fungoides was never part and never intended to be part of the registration program. It was a proof of concept cohort only. And for COVID-19-related restrictions, the enrollment into this cohort is currently on hold. As Adi also mentioned, we are continuing to make progress in our collaboration with MD Anderson Cancer Center, where we have an active IND for our first Phase I study of AFM13 in combination with allogeneic national killer cells. As Adi said, the current status at the MD Anderson web page is recruiting, and we know that patients are currently screened and considered. And we are expecting the enrollment of the first patient as soon as COVID-19-related restrictions at MD Anderson lift up. Now let's move to our second program, AFM24. As you know, a bispecific tetravalent molecule targeting both CD16A to activate national killer cells and macrophages, and the EGF receptor on solid tumors. This compound is in a Phase I dose escalation part of the 101 study. And we are happy to report that we were able to activate all four preplanned sites, and all four preplanned sites are contributing patients. As we disclosed earlier, we have completed cohort one without observing dose-limiting toxicities and are actively recruiting into dose cohort two. With this, I close the overview of the clinical progress, and I'm happy to hand over to my colleague, Arndt Schotilios, Chief Scientific Officer, who will review with you some of our preclinical data that make us so excited about the opportunities that we can create for patients with ICEs and activating the innate immune system. Thank you, Arndt Schotilios. Thank you, Andreas. And thank you all for joining. In the next few minutes, I would like to summarize, as Andreas mentioned, the preclinical and clinical data observed so far with our innate cell engagers, providing evidence that these molecules are potent and safe drug candidates. I'll start by summarizing the data showing that our ICs are potent molecules. As you see on slide five, if we take AFM13 as an example, AFM13 has been shown strong single-agent antitumor responses and T-cell lymphoma with an overall response rate of 50%. The molecule has also shown promising signs of broad clinical development potential in augmenting other IO therapies such as PD-1 inhibitors. For example, in the Hodgkin lymphoma phase 1b study, we've seen an impressive overall response rate of 88%, with a complete response rate of 42% and 46% in the local and the central read, respectively. In the lower part of the slide, we've also highlighted for you presentations of the studies past and in the future. Additionally, in our own experience and the work with Andy Anderson, we have seen promising preclinical data showing that the combination with the adoptive transfer of NK cells enhanced the immune response of AFM13, leading to prolonged survival in the respective mouse model. And as we mentioned, the phase 1b study, Andy Anderson, is now in the last stages of preparation. If we go to slide 6, you see that in our preclinical studies with AFM24, we saw potent killing of EGFR-positive tumor cell lines mediated by two distinctive mechanisms of action. Potent ADCC, or antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity, is seen irrespective of the mutational status of the tumor cells. And we see potent killing mediated by ADCP or antibody-dependent cellular phagocytosis in tumor cells with high and low EGFR expression. Importantly, in cells bearing the KRAS G13D mutation, AFM24 shows preserved killing, potent killing, or ADCP or phagocytosis, whereas this ability is lost for established treatments. For the anti-BCMA CD16, or RO729, formerly known as AFM26 molecule, we also saw very good potency in synod monkeys, whereas a dose-dependent killing of BCMA-positive plasma cells was observed. We believe that the observed improved potency is mediated by the dual mode of action of our approach. The innate cell engagers are employing NK cells and macrophages to kill tumor cells and thus act via a two-pronged mode of action of antibody-dependent cellular cytotoxicity and antibody-dependent phagocytosis to fight cancer. Indeed, this dual mode of action is differentiated from other innate cell-targeted approaches, as these specifically activate NK cells only. Our innate cell engagers work at low expression levels. The potency is thus independent of the surface target expression. With AFM13, we learned that there is a broad range of cell lines that express different levels of tumor antigen, and we have not observed any dependency of target expression to the potency of the molecule. The same holds true for AFM24 and the anti-BCMA engagers. Preclinically, both molecules have shown high potency across a wide range of EGFR and BCMA surface expression, including at low target expression levels. This implies that more patients could respond to treatment with an innate cell engager versus an antibody-drug conjugate, or ADC, as the mechanism of ADCs have been shown only to rely on certain levels of target antigen, thereby missing those tumor cells with expression levels below the ability of the ADC to bind to target cells. As we move on to slide 7 and report on the safety front, preclinically, our innate cell engagers demonstrate low cytokine release. Some examples of this are the IND-enabling toxicology study in synomologous monkeys, which consistently showed no meaningful increases in serum cytokines. For example, at the June virtual ACR conference, a preclinical poster presentation on the RO729 molecule with Genentech showed potent cell killing in tumor cell lines employing NK cells as effector cells with minimal increase in cytokines. Also, a four-week safety study in synomologous monkeys showed a favorable safety profile with no cytokine release or adverse findings at the 15, 1, 5, and 50, so 5, 0, mix-per-kick tested dose levels. And in the case of AFM24, only a transient increase in R6 was observed that was fully reversible within 24 hours, but no signs of cytokine release was observed that would lead one to believe that there is a risk of a cytokine storm in patients. Important to note here is that none of the clinical studies of AFM-13 have revealed any significant increases in serum cytokines. These data indicate that our ICs have a tolerable and good safety profile. Taken altogether, these data suggest that our innate cell engagers are potent, able to engage at low levels of antigen expression, and have, thus far, demonstrated a good and tolerable safety profile. Now, in order to maximize the opportunity for our molecules, in addition to clinical development as monotherapies, we're also pursuing combinations with natural killer cells and other treatments, such as checkpoint inhibitors, such as PD-1 and PD-L1. We go to slide 8, and first let me comment on our combination approach with NK cells. As you see on the slide, as you see on the slide, there is evidence showing that high NK cell numbers are associated with better outcomes. For example, patients with metastatic cutaneous melanoma have improved survival rates if their tumors show evidence of NK cell infiltration. We also know that patients with diffuse large B cell and follicular lymphomas treated with anti-CD20 antibodies that have low peripheral NK counts tend to have poor survival. We are seeing that one of the limitations in treating patients is that they don't have the appropriate amount of NK cells. So, we're working on supplementing NK cells through adoptive transfer and are currently assessing different approaches, as you can see on slide 9. As we go to slide 10, and as discussed earlier, the improved tumor cell killing by loading NK cells with our ICEs, as you see on the graph for in vitro data on the right-hand side of slide 10, it will be investigated in the MD Anderson Phase 1 study in CD30-positive recurrent or refractory Hodgkin non-Hodgkin lymphoma patients. The preclinical data that we share here and have shared before leads us to believe that we can expect to see an improvement in the efficacy of an innate cell engager AFM-13 through the addition of NK cells. And encouraged by the synergistic potential of combining our ICs with NK cells and checkpoint inhibitors, we're currently evaluating the opportunity and are developing clinical plans for these combinations with AFM-24. Finally, let me just briefly summarize the recent posters presented at ASER. As a reminder, our AFM-24 poster demonstrated its distinct mechanism of action, different from other EGFR signaling inhibition approaches, potentially able to provide benefit to a broad range of cancer patients. And in the case of the joint poster with genetic, the preclinical pharmacology and safety of the BCMA-CD16A innate cell engager shows potent cell killing in tumor cell lines, employing NK cells as effector cells, minimal increase in cytokines, suggesting a low risk of cytokine release syndrome. We hope this background was helpful for you, and I will now turn the call over to Angus to introduce himself and provide an update on the financials. Angus? Thank you, Arns. Thank you, Arns. Before I discuss our financial highlights for this quarter, let me just say that I am thrilled to have joined that event on that one night. And I look forward to working with our talent to deliver on the promise of our exciting cycle. Thank you. Turning to the results for the quarter, AFIMED's consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS, as issued by the International Accounting Standard Board, or IASB. The consolidated financial statements are presented in Euros, which is the company's functional and presentation currency. Therefore, all financial numbers that I will present in this call, unless otherwise noted, will be in Euros. We ended the second quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and current financial assets of 92.6 million euros, compared to 104.1 million euros on December 31st, 2019. During the quarter, we received net proceeds of approximately 20.8 million euros under our At the Market, or ATM, program. Based on our current operating plan and assumptions, we anticipate that our cash, cash equivalents, and current financial assets will support operations into the first half of 2022. Net cash used in operating activities for the quarter ended June 30th, 2020, was 15 million euros, compared to 5.6 million euros in the second quarter of 2019. The second quarter, 2019, net cash used in operating activities included a milestone payment to the company from the Genentech collaboration. Total revenue for the second quarter of 2020 was 2.9 million euros, compared with 4 million euros in the second quarter of 2019. Revenue in 2020 and 2019 predominantly relate to the Genentech collaboration. Revenue from the Genentech collaboration in the second quarter, 2020, was comprised of revenue recognized for collaborative research services performed during the quarter. R&D expenses for the second quarter of 2020 were 11.7 million euros, compared to 11.5 million euros in the second quarter of 2019. Expenses in 2020 relate predominantly to our AFM-13 and AFM-24 clinical programs, as well as to our early-stage development and discovery activities. G&A expenses for the second quarter of 2020 were 2.6 million euros, compared to 2.3 million euros in the second quarter of 2019. The increase is primarily related to higher SOX compliance costs, legal, consulting, and audit costs. Net loss for the second quarter of 2020 was 12.2 million euros, or 16 cents per common share, and net loss of 10.3 million euros, or 17 cents per common share, during the second quarter of 2019. The weighted number of common shares outstanding for the quarter ended June 30, 2020, worth 79.2 million. I will now turn the call back to Adi. Adi? Thank you, Angus. As you can see from our presentation today, we're taking advantage of the knowledge that we've gained in the field of innate immunity and are applying it to our programs going forward. This experience in working with innate immune system is something that we've uniquely established at AFM-13 and is helping us in guiding the design of unique therapies, which now have the potential to address very different kinds of cancers. I just want to point out here that the EGFR is expressed in more than 10 tumors, and that gives us a lot of optionality how to take this molecule forward. We're pleased with how things are moving forward for both our clinical and preclinical programs, especially in the current environment. Our preclinical programs are on track, AFM-13 and 24 are moving forward according to plan, and Genentech is moving things forward with the anti-BCMA CD16A inertial engager. What are our inflection points for the next one and a half years for AFM-13? We've mentioned that we want to present the interim data in peripheral T-cell lymphoma around the middle of next year. We've been successful in our collaboration with MD Anderson moving forward with the combination of AFM-13 and co-blood-derived natural killer cells. As we've said, we're ready to start, or MD Anderson is ready to start, and we hope to report for his patient then, and we will provide updates as we move forward. For AFM-24, we're in the midst of dose escalation in order to generate safety and activity data. This is quite exciting for us because it's a drug with a very differentiated profile as compared to the other moieties currently used in targeting the EGF receptor. Now, with the dose escalation and establishing the safety, we obviously will have the recommended Phase II dose coming up in order to then do the dose cohort expansion. But as we've mentioned earlier, as we're also planning early on to move forward into combinations. We're very happy with the progress in the Genentech collaboration. We've just provided the next update for the BCMA CD16A engager. We have multiple other programs ongoing, and if things go well pending on program progression, we can bring in additional milestones. And for our newest additions to the pipeline with AFM-28 and AFM-32, we are starting the IND enabling studies so that we can have an IND filing first for AFM-28. Finally, before we open the session for Q&A, I would like to thank all our employees for their contribution and express our gratitude, my gratitude in particular for our investigators and the clinical sites, the patients and all their families and our investors who are supporting us in our efforts to develop these innovative treatments for cancer patients. It is through the combined efforts of all of you that keeps us on the path of discovery and innovation. I'm now happy to close the presentation, and we're open now for questions. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. As a reminder, should you wish to ask a question, you will need to press bar and the number one on the telephone and wait for anything to be announced. If you wish to cancel it, you will need to press the pound or hash key. Once again, it's star and one for questions. First question comes from the line of Maui at Raycoffs from Jeffries. Please go ahead. Your line is now open. Hi. Good morning, everyone. Congrats on the progress, and thanks for taking my questions. To start off, just wondering for AFM-24, I'm not sure how much you can say on this, but just wondering if both patients in cohort two have been dosed, and if you can talk more about the timing of dosing between patients. With the four sites activated, can you provide any more perspective about enrollment pace going forward? Andreas, can you take the question, please? Yeah, so there were multiple parts to the questions. I hope I got them all. So the phase one study of AFM-24, as we said, we are recruiting in the second cohort. We have not yet disclosed how many patients. As you know, it's a standard three-by-three design with a Bayesian dose modification, but that's basically what it is. In terms of timing between the patients, there is a mandatory eight-day waiting period between patients, so they cannot be treated all at the same time, but will be staggered with eight-day intervals. And there was another part of the question around the four participating sites. Right. Yeah, just wondering if you can provide any more perspective about enrollment pace going forward. Yeah, currently the enrollment pace is as specified by the protocol. So all sites are very active in screening patients. And as we said, all sites have already contributed patients. Got it. Okay, great. And then also for AFM-24, just checking if you can say more about the tumor types that you're screening for the study, and if you can also provide more perspective into the checkpoint inhibitor and combo plans at this point. So for the tumor types in the dose escalation part, we are accepting all patients with all histologies that are EGFR expressing and where the patient has exhausted the respective standard of care treatments. As Adi mentioned, this is a wide variety of potential tumors. Probably the two most prevalent tumors would be colorectal cancer and non-small cell lung cancer. And these are the two histologies where we would expect probably the majority of patients in the Phase I. having said that the dose escalation part would also be open for other EGFR expressing tumors like, for example, head and neck cancer, gastric cancer, or other solid tumors. Now, once we have defined our dose-limiting toxicities, or if there are no dose-limiting toxicities, we have defined the recommended Phase II dose, we will enroll into tumor-specific expansion cohorts. And these expansion cohorts are currently in the process of being defined. Now, for our PD-1 combination plans, based on the interesting data we have seen with PD-1 in combination with AFM13, which aren't referred to, with a very encouraging complete response rate in excess of 40%. We plan to have a combination with a PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitor open rather soon, probably in parallel to the last cohorts of the dose escalation of the single-agent study. So, it will be more or less a parallel development that we are anticipating right now. Great. Okay. Thanks for the additional perspective. Any follow-up questions? Okay. We will now proceed to the next question. The next question comes from the line of Jim Birchenhoff from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead, Jim. Hi, guys. Congrats on all the progress. Maybe just a first quick question for Angus to start him off. Collaborative research revenues, is that expected to be a stable number between the, you know, $3 million to $4 million level? Or is there any reason that might go up as programs progress? And as we think about the milestone that got paid in the third quarter, is it a simple matter to back out the assumptions around collaborative research revenues? And that will give us some sense of the milestone, given that you can't say it explicitly? Yeah. Yeah. Thanks, Jim, for the question. So, you know, our revenue numbers fluctuate from quarter to quarter, you know, based primarily on the number of hours that we're working on, the various Genentech programs that are in progress. I mean, you can see just looking back at the last several quarters, we've been, you know, fairly range bound and call it the $2 million to $5 million zone. You know, when you see increases, it's typically a result of point-in-time milestone payments that we've received. So, you know, this milestone payment that we discussed today that we'll hit in the third quarter will likely increase our revenues in the third quarter. And that would be sort of an add-on to the range that you've seen over the last several quarters of that, again, kind of $2 to $5 million, or $2 to $5 million, rather. Got it. Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just on cohort one for AFM24 and what we might learn from that cohort, can you remind us if you're doing pre and post biopsies and what kind of translational work you might be doing and, you know, how that might inform, you know, the ability to recruit innate cells to the tumor site? Yeah. So, in the dose escalation part, we do a pre-treatment biopsy. Post or on-treatment biopsies are optional. We do have a significant correlative science program looking at peripheral activation markers of NK cells as well as on cytokine profiles. Once we are in the expansion phase, so we are recruiting into tumor-specific cohorts, I think this is the part where we will get most of the correlative science as we have a more homogeneous patient population. We maintain our requirement for a pre-treatment biopsy and we'll have post or on-treatment biopsies in selected cohorts. And then just, you know, given the comments on the variability in peripheral NK cell populations, is there any sense in screening patients for their NK cell levels, given that, you know, patients who screen low may not have adequate NK cells or macrophages to recruit, or do you feel like within the variability of an H cell in the blood that you'll be able to have an effective treatment and it's not worth screening for that variable? I think currently it would be premature to, you know, depends on what you mean with screening. So we are definitely determining the levels of circulating NK cells and also looking at some of their characteristics. I think we currently do not have enough data to define a cutoff or a threshold. And this may very well vary between tumor histologies and also be dependent on the infiltration of NK cells in the tumor microenvironment, variable which we have seen in our AFM Columbia study to have some impact on the likelihood to respond to patients. So I think in the beginning of the program, we will be open for all comers. We will assess all of these important biomarkers. And then based on the activity data and the readout that we are seeing, we may modify the program, defining certain thresholds. But currently I think it would be premature to do that. And maybe just a final question, just the Andy Anderson collaboration is focused on core blood-derived NK cells. Is there any thought to other NK cell sources, including potentially iPSC-derived NK cells? Adi, do you want to take this question or should I take it? Andres, why don't you go ahead? Okay. Yeah, you're right. I mean, core blood-derived NK cells is one source of NK cells. And if you watch the field of NK cell-based approaches, especially the field around companies and institutes providing different sources of NK cells, there is definitely speed picking up and there's a variety of options to look at. And this is what we do, not only from our side, but we have also received proactive inquiries of potential working models together. So we are looking at the entire NK cells field and then evaluate various options there. Great. Thanks for taking the question, guys. Maybe as a quick comment, so we see this core blood-derived NK cells already quite advanced in clinical development. So there have already been many patients treated. While with the iPSCs currently, there is still the safety to be determined. And obviously, in combination, we learn more on their functionalities. So this is somewhat to us on how functional an iPSC-derived versus a peripheral NK cell is. And it's good to see the first clinical data. So we're quite not only happy, but we've checked so many different options at the moment for NK cells. And we are indeed very convinced about the activity of the core blood-derived cells from MD Anderson. Great. Thanks, Adi. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ike Oji from BMO Capital. The line is now open. Please go ahead. Hey, good morning, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my question. This is Ike on for Do Kim. Just a couple regarding the DCMA and the Engager. I understand that you have limited visibility on the entirety of the clinical pathway. But if you can provide any type of insight in terms of what Genentech kind of has planned in terms of could they potentially pursue an accelerated pathway for the assets? And secondly, again, you don't provide complete details on the exact milestone payments. But if you can provide us some additional perspective on what the future milestones for the asset might hold in terms of, you know, phase two, phase three, things of that sort, should we expect increasing size of value for each milestone payments? That would be helpful for us. Thanks. Ali. Ali, maybe I take the question on the pathway and then hand over to you with the milestones. Yes, please. Go ahead, Ant. So, thanks for the question. Thanks for the question. I mean, as you already correctly say, we cannot really speak in detail for Genentech, but we can share with you. I think you're aware, of course, licensing this molecule was a big part of the deal we did with Genentech. We're obviously excited about the strong differentiation potential of the molecule also demonstrated at AACR at the poster. Just to review again, a very strong preclinical cell killing, selective no cytokine release, very good safety profile, and good pharmacodynamic marker, specific BCMA plasma cell killing in the synod monkey. So, you know, despite the also recent approvals of the, you know, first incomers in the space, I would say that Genentech shares our excitement with the differentiation potential in a way for a potentially best-in-class molecule. Maybe I leave it there. I think it's a clearly strongly clinically validated space, and I think this molecule will enable Genentech and we as their partner to, you know, have a strong position in this space. Yeah, regarding the financials, so I just want to recall the deal when it was signed. So we received $96 million in upfront cash and can get a total of more than $5 billion in milestones that are in different categories. So there is a preclinical milestone payment, there are indeed multiple clinical milestone payments, regulatory and sales milestones, and on top we can receive royalties which, as we described, are on the higher end of what you would expect for the early nature of the license agreement. So beyond that, we're not able to disclose any further details unless Genentech would allow us or Rush would allow us to do so. Usually, and that's just a general statement, is that the payments will increase the further the program progresses. Okay, thank you for that. And just one more quick question. I think I might have misheard it, and this is in regards to AFM24. I believe you mentioned that there was a patient that had increased AL-6 cytokine levels that was resolved over 24 hours. I'm just curious, was that self-resolving or did that patient receive an AL-6 inhibitor? Yeah, thanks for bringing that up and the clarification. So the transient AL-6 increase was reported in the iron enabling SINOTOX study, what you're referring to the ASCR poster. Indeed, we saw that with the dosing, a kind of moderate peak that quickly went down, was completely resolved without any treatment. Obviously, you know, one doesn't do that because this is SINOTOX study. And again, when we see this in the context because it was transient and fully reversed, leads us to the conclusion, which of course will be looked at carefully in patients, that we should not expect any kind of cytokine release syndrome. Okay, thanks for that clarification. Sure. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of ear, Jen, from Made in Your Company. Please go ahead. The line is now open. Hello? Yes, hello. Yeah, hi. Can I hear you? Hi. Sorry that my headset fell out. Thanks for taking the questions. My first question is that for the AFM-13 for the registration study, that it's assignment two set up. So what might be the threshold of ORR in the 4D patient and sort of internal readout before you can move forward? So just curious what any information you can reveal on that front. No, I'm afraid we cannot give a concrete response rate. It's based also on the Bayesian design. So there are some interdependence of response rates, but we usually do not disclose thresholds. But it's a classical assignment two-stage design. Okay. No problem. And also just curious in terms of AFM-24 that your dose escalating, but at least based on the animal data, is there any thoughts when you might start to see the potential effective dose to start? I think currently it's not possible to predict when we will have the optimal biologically active dose, as there are a number of covariance like binding sites for CD16, binding sites for EGFR, and then distribution. And as you know, the animal models, especially in terms of pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics, are very difficult to translate the relevant tox species. And after all, that's only a tox species is the Sinomorgus monkey. However, we do not have any Sinomorgus monkey tumor models available. So we cannot really bridge between what we see in the toxicology studies and then what we would see in terms of efficacy for tumors. So it will be something that we would have to define in our clinical program. Okay, great. Maybe one last question here is that in terms of adaptive NK cell from the co-blood derived NK cells, first of all, could that be potentially used in the started tumor and any comments in terms of regarding that possibility? This is, as Adi said, something that we are actively looking into. We are starting out with lymphomas, obviously, with AFM13 targeting CD30. But our vision is that also for AFM24 we will develop certain development options in combination with NK cells. Could be co-blood derived NK cells. Could be NK cells from another source. That is something that we will define. But the intention is also to have a program where AFM24 would be partnered with exogenous NK cells. Okay, great. Thanks. Appreciate it. And congrats for all the progress this far. No further questions at this time for any closing remarks. Please go ahead, speakers. Yeah, thank you again for listening in and following our updates. The progress is coming smoothly along, despite that we are affected by COVID. We have strengthened the team significantly in order to address any issues that may relate to the conductance of these clinical trials or to the interactions with the specific sites. So we are very happy to be able to address any issues that have been arising. And I indeed want to thank again the entire team here at AFM for managing all that through these difficult times. We are quite excited that we can move forward these programs, either as monotherapies and now looking at different options of combination. As you have heard, we focus on natural killer cells and checkpoint inhibitors, in particular PD-1s or PD-L1s. So we feel that we have, with the multiple programs addressing different targets, we can provide a cadence of data over the next quarters and years. And I am very happy to report any additional updates as we move along. Thanks a lot again for listening in, and all the best. Good-bye. Thank you for listening to the conference of the day. Thank you all for participating in the ALGS Connect. Stay safe, everyone. Thank you. Thank you. Bye-bye.