 Good day and welcome to the third, second quarter 2020 financial results and corporate
 update conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. As a reminder today's
 conference is being recorded.
 And now I'd like to introduce you, your host for today's conference,
 Alexander, 30 EQs EOS, Head of Investor Relations,
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Charlotte.
 I'd like to welcome and thank you all for joining us today
 I'll see you in the next video.
 20-20 financial results and operational progress conference call.
 Before we begin, I would like to encourage everyone to go to the investor relations
 section of ATHEMET's website to find the earnings release and related financial tables.
 We also posted slides on our website that follow our discussion today.
 On the call today, we are joined by Dr. Adi Hurst, our Chief Executive Officer, Andreas
 Harris-Straic, Chief Medical Officer, Orange Satelius, Chief Scientific Officer, and Angus
 Smith, our new chief financial officer who joined us in July.
 also joined by Dr. Wolfgang Fischer,
 our Chief Operating Officer, and Ms. Denise Miller, Chief Business Officer.
 It will also be available for the Q&A session.
 Before we start, I will quickly go through the Safe Harbour Statement.
 Today's...
 Discussion contains projections and forward-looking statements regarding future events.
 These statements represent a belief in assumptions only as of the date of this call, except as
 As required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements
 publicly, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ materially from those
 those anticipated in the forward-looking statement.
 even if new information becomes available in the future.
 These forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties and actual results
 made different materially from those expressed or implied in this statement, these various
 risk factors, including but not limited to those identified under the section entitled
 risk factors in our filings with the SEC, and those identified under the section entitled
 forward-looking statements in the press release that we issued today and files with the SEC.
 With that, I will turn the call over to Adi.
 Thank you, Alex.
 Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our second quarter of the business
 update call. Today we have some updates to share with you on our operational
 progress as well as on our financial results.
 While we're still in the middle of a serious global health pandemic and a challenging economic
 downturn and definitely we're quite confident that the steps we're taking in advancing
 our science, and moving our pipeline forward are beginning to yield data that demonstrate
 the long-term potential of our innovative approaches and products.
 COVID-19 continues to affect societies around the world and we hope that you and your families
 are well and safe.
 We are observing some impact by COVID-19 on the progress of our clinical studies, however,
 it's
 at last, and we're taking great efforts to minimize them.
 As a result, we have been able to continue our progress
 on the clinical studies of AFM-13 in the referral T-cell lymphoma, and of AFM-24 in
 in each AFR positive tumors.
 And, which is very exciting for us,
 genetic dose, the first patient with RO7297089, which, as you remember, is the BCMA CD-16A
 in as an engagement.
 We're also making good progress on our pre-kindle pipeline.
 For our lead candidate, AFM 13, I was studying patients who have relapsed or refractory peripheral
 T-cell lymphoma in exhausted available standard of care treatments are now being treated with
 with AFM13 as a single agent.
 were executing according to our development timelines and as previously stated expect
 to complete the pre-determined interim analysis in mid-2021.
 We're also looking at options to enhance AFM-13's efficacy beyond monotherapy.
 The first of these options is the combination with allogeneic and K-cells in a study that
 is conducted at the MD Anderson Cancer Institute
 and on IST.
 The end of the website now shows that the study is enrolling, but the initiation is impacted
 by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic in Texas.
 a first patient in the study is expected
 a
 as this situation improves.
 For AFM-24, we disclosed that we have completed the first cohort of our dose escalation study
 without any of those limiting toxicities.
 And we're currently recruiting into the second dose cohort.
 We have all four plant sites active and recruiting.
 Following the completion of the dose escalation phase of the study, we have the option to
 enroll patients into tumor-specific expansion cohorts
 where we will look for single agent activity
 in the number of well-defined tumor types.
 In addition, we're planning to initiate combination studies
 with checkpoint inhibitors.
 and we will be providing updates
 as the program continues to make progress.
 We're very pleased with the continued progress in our collaboration with Genentech.
 Importantly, the phase one clinical study with the BCMA-CT16A inertian engager is now
 enrolling patients.
 This achievement represents the third innate cell engager to enter the clinic and trigger
 a milestone payment to us during the third quarter in an amount that we are not able to
 closed.
 Love Month, Angus Smith joins us as Chief Financial Officer.
 Angus will introduce himself later and discuss our financial position and the flexibility
 provides us to continue to execute on our strategy and try to future growth of
 company.
 During the annual annual meeting of shareholders, which was held in August 4, we are happy
 to report that all proposed agenda items were approved.
 This includes the addition of Dr. Annalisa Jenkins and Harry Welton to the supervisor
 to report as new members.
 And Alisa is a visionary leader who knows how to translate science from bench to bedside.
 And Harry is an accomplished financial executive who will help drive value-creating strategies
 for the company.
 These additions to the supervisory board further strengthen the company's industry know how
 experience and diversity.
 As it has only been a month and a half since we last spoke to you, we thought we would
 focus today's discussion on company achievements thus far and what gives us
 confidence in our science. Update you on our programs and allow plenty of time for Q&A.
 To get to it, I will now hand over the call to Andreas Haastrik, our Chief Medical Officer,
 to give you a brief update on our clinic stage programs.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Thank you, Adi, for the introduction.
 And thank you all for joining us today.
 And I'm happy to give you an update on the progress
 in our clinical programs that we made
 over the last three months.
 As you all aware, COVID-19 pandemic is still present globally, and it continues to pose
 challenges for the conduct of clinical trials and the enrollment of patients.
 The two guiding principles we are employing at AFIMED is to ensure patient safety on the
 studies and to ensure trial data integrity.
 And this is in line, I think, with our guidance given from all competent authorities.
 Even this framework, however, the AFIMED team is very proactively working with all of our
 participating sites to make sure that our innovative treatment is still available for
 patients in need of new therapeutics and that we minimize the impact of COVID-19 to a minimum
 impossible.
 One important point to make is that we
 important achievement in this regard is that we were able to secure drug supply for all
 of our ongoing studies and can ensure uninterrupted treatment of all patients.
 To go into more detail, let's start with AFM-13, our most advanced program first.
 As you know, AFM-13 is the most advanced program for AFM-13, and AFM-13 is the most
 is in a registration directed phase two study, AFM 13202,
 in 202, treating patients with relapsed and refractory periferous T cell
 who have exhausted all available standard of care options.
 The enrollment into the study is at a steady state.
 we were able to activate 54 sites now contributing patients
 in 10 countries around the globe.
 As you know, this study has a Simon 2-stage design
 was a pre-planned interim analysis after 40 patients
 in the PTCL cohorts, and as Adi said,
 we are confident that we will have the data from this intro
 analysis available by the middle of next year.
 There is also a third cohort, or there is a third cohort in the study for patients with
 transformed mucosa's fungoidus, so a cutaneous form of T-cell lymphomas. This
 The third cohort with Mikosis Funguidis was never part and never intended to be part of the registration program.
 program.
 It was a proof of concept cohort only.
 And for COVID-19-related restrictions, the enrollment into this cohort is currently
 on hold.
 As Adi also mentioned, we are continuing to make progress in our collaboration with MD Anderson
 Cancer Center, where we have an active IND for our first phase one study of AFM-13 in
 in combination with allogeneic national killer cells.
 As I said, the current status at the MD Anderson web page
 is recruiting.
 and we know that our patients are currently screened
 and considered, and we are expecting to the enrollment
 of the first patient as soon as COVID-19-related restrictions
 at MD Anderson or lift up.
 Now let's move to our second program, AFM 24,
 as you know, a bispecific tetravalent molecule targeting
 both CD-16A to activate national killer cells and macrophages, and the EGF receptor on
 solid tumors.
 This compound is in phase one, those escalation parts of the 101 study, and we are happy to
 to report that we were able to activate all four pre-planned
 sites and all four pre-planned sites are contributing patients.
 As we disclosed earlier, we have completed our cohort one
 without observing dose-limiting toxicities.
 and are actively recruiting into those cohorts too.
 With this, I close the overview of the clinical progress, and I'm happy to hand over to my
 my colleague, Arncio Tilios, Chief Scientific Officer, who will review with you some of
 of our preclinical data that make us so excited
 about the opportunities that we can create for patients
 with ICEs and activating the innate immune system.
 aren't pleased.
 Thank you, Andreas, and thank you all for joining.
 In the next few minutes, I would like to summarize, as Andreas mentioned, the preclinical and
 And clinical data observed so far with our innate cell engagerers providing evidence
 that these molecules are potent and safe drug candidates.
 I'll start by summarizing the data showing that our ICs are potent molecules as you see
 you on slide.
 If we take AFM-13 as an example, AFM-13 has been shown strong single-agent anti-tumor
 responses and T-cell informa with an overall response rate of 50 percent.
 The molecule has also shown promising signs of growth, growth, clinical development potential
 in augmenting other IO therapies such as PD-1 inhibitors.
 For example, in the Hodgkin-Lupomov phase 1b study,
 we've seen an impressive overall response rate of
 of 88% with a complete response rate of 42% and 46%
 in the local and the central read, respectively.
 In the lower part of the slide, we've also highlighted for you presentations of the
 studies past and in the future.
 Thank you.
 Finally, our own experience and the work with Mdm
 We have seen promising preclinical data showing that the combination with the adoptive transfer
 of NK cells, enhanced the immune response of A3 and A13, leading to prolonged survival
 in the respective mouse model.
 And as we mentioned, the phase one B study, Dan D'Anderson,
 is now in the last stages of preparation.
 If we go to slide 6, you see that in our preclinical studies with AFM-24, we saw potent killing
 of EGFR positive tumor cell lines mediated
 by two distinctive mechanisms of action.
 potent ADCC or antibody-dependent cellular such toxicity is seen irrespective of the
 imitational status of the tumor cells.
 And we see potent killing mediated off by ADCP
 or anybody dependent cellulose phagocytosis,
 in tumor cells with high and low e.g. of our expression.
 Importantly, in cells bearing the K-RAS G13D mutation,
 AFON24 shows preserved killing, potent killing, or ADCP, or phagocytosis.
 whereas this ability is lost for established treatments.
 the anti-BCMA CD16 or RO729, formerly known as AFM-26 molecule.
 We also saw very good potency in synomankies, whereas a dose-dependent killing of BCMA-positive
 plasma cells was observed.
 We believe that the observed improved potency is mediated by the dual mode of action of
 approach.
 The innate cell engagerers are employing NK cells and macrophages to kill tumor cells
 and thus act by a two-pronged mode of action of antibody-dependent cell and cytotoxicity
 and antibody-dependent thagrocytosis to fight cancer.
 Indeed, this dual mode of action is differentiated
 for modern aid-cell targeted approaches,
 as these specifically activate NK cells only.
 Our innate cell engages work at low expression levels.
 The potency is thus independent of the surface target expression, and you see this in continuing
 slide 6. With 8 and 13, we learned that there is a broad range of cell lines that express
 different levels of tumor antigen, and we have not observed any dependency of target
 expression to the potency of the molecule.
 The same holds true for AFM-24 and the anti-BCMA engages.
 Very clinically, both molecules have shown high potency across a wide range of EGFR and
 and BCMA surface expression, including at low target expression levels.
 This implies that more patients could respond to treatment with an innate cell engagerer
 versus an antibody drug conjugate, or ADC,
 as the mechanism of ADCs have been shown only to rely on certain levels of target antigen
 thereby missing those two micelles with expression levels below the ability of the ADC to bind
 into a target cells.
 As we move on to slide 7 and report on the safety front, pre-clinically our innate cell
 Engagers demonstrate low cytokine release.
 Some examples of this are the IND-enabling toxicology study in synomologous monkeys, which
 consistently showed no meaningful increases in serum cytokines.
 For example, at the June virtual ACR conference, a preclinical poster presentation on the RO729
 genetic, showed potent cell killing in tumor cell lines, employing NK cells as effector
 yourselves.
 a minimal increase in cytokines.
 Also, a four-week safety study in center monkeys showed a favorable safety profile with no
 low cytokine release or adverse findings at the 15, 1,5 and 50, so 5, 0 mixed per kick
 tested dose levels.
 And in the case of AF-24, only a transient increase in R6
 was observed that was fully reversible within 24 hours,
 but no signs of cytokine release was observed
 that would lead one to believe
 that there is a risk of a cytokine storm in patients.
 Important to note here is that none of the clinical studies
 of A from 13 have revealed any significant increases
 in serum cytokines.
 These data indicate that RICs have a tolerable
 and good safety profile.
 taken all together, these data suggest that our innate
 so engages are potent, able to engage at low levels
 with antigen expression.
 Antigen expression.
 have thus far demonstrated a good and tolerable safety profile.
 Now in order to maximize the opportunity for molecules, in addition to clinical development
 as monotherapies, we're also pursuing combinations
 with natural killer cells and other treatments such as checkpoint inhibitors such as PD-1
 in period one.
 We go to slide eight.
 So first, let me comment on our combination approach with NK cells.
 As you see on the slide, there is evidence showing that high NK cell numbers are associated
 with better outcomes.
 For example, patients with metastatic,
 pertainous melanoma have improved survival rates if their tumors show evidence of NK cell
 infiltration.
 We also know that patients with diffuse large B cell and follicular lymphomas treated with
 with anti-CD20 antibodies that have low peripheral NK counts tend to have poor survival.
 We're seeing that one of the limitations in treating patients is that they don't have
 the appropriate amount of NK cells.
 So, we're working on supplementing in case cells
 through adaptive transfer, and are currently assessing
 different approaches as you can see on slide nine.
 As we go to slide 10, and as discussed earlier,
 the improved tumor cell killing by loading NK cells with our ICEs, as you see on the
 graph for in vitro data on the right-hand side of slide 10,
 It will be investigated in the MD Anderson phase one study in CD30 positive recurrent
 or reflect to Hodgkin and non-Hodgkin that form up patients.
 The preclinical data that we share here
 have shared before, leads us to believe that we can expect to see an improvement in the
 the efficacy of an 8-cell engager from 13 through the addition of NK cells.
 encouraged by the synergistic potential of combining our
 is with NK cells and checkpoint inhibitors,
 We're currently evaluating the opportunity
 on our developing clinical plans for these combinations
 with AFM24.
 Finally, let me just briefly summarize the recent posters presented at ASER.
 As a reminder, our AFM24 poster demonstrated its distinct mechanism of action, different
 from other EGFR signaling inhibition approaches.
 potentially able to provide benefit
 to a broad range of cancer patients.
 And in the case of the joint poster with genetic, the preclinical pharmacology and safety of
 the BCMA, CD60NA, innate cell engager shows
 potent cell killing in tumor cell lines,
 employing NK cells as effector cells.
 minimal increase in cytokines, suggesting a low risk of cytokine release syndrome.
 We hope this background was helpful for you, and I will now turn the call over to Angus
 to introduce himself and provide an update on the financials.
 Thanks
 Thank you, Arch. Thank you, Arch. Before I discuss our financial highlights, let me just say that I am thrilled to have joined that event.
 I am thrilled to have joined that event.
 And I look forward to working with our panelists
 are now delivered on the front of our exciting cycle time.
 Turning to the results for the quarter.
 Happy Meds Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS
 issued by the International Accounting Standard Board for IASB. The consolidated financial
 statements are presented in Euros, which is the company's functional and presentation
 currency.
 Therefore, all financial numbers that I will present in this call unless otherwise noted
 will be in Europe.
 We ended the second quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and current financial assets
 of 92.6 million euros compared to 104.1 million euros on December 31, 2019.
 During the quarter, we received net proceeds of approximately 20.8 million euros under
 our At The Market for ATM program. Based on our current operating plan and assumptions,
 We anticipate that our cash, cash equivalents, and current financial assets will support
 operations into the first half of 2022.
 net cash use and operating activities for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 was 15 million
 euros compared to 5.6 million euros in the second quarter of 2019.
 The second quarter, 2019, net cash use and operating activities included a milestone
 payment to the company from the Genentech collaboration.
 Total revenue for the second quarter of 2020 was 2.9 million euros compared with 4 million
 euros in the second quarter of 2019. Revenue in 2020 and 2019 predominantly relates to the
 and in-tech collaboration.
 Revenue from the Genentech Collaboration
 in the second quarter, 2020, was comprised of revenue
 recognized for collaborative research services performed
 performed during the quarter.
 R&D expenses for the second quarter of 2020
 were 11.7 million euros compared to 11.5 million euros
 in the second quarter of 2019.
 Expenses in 2020 relate predominantly to our AFM-13 and AFM-24 clinical programs, as well
 to our early stage development and discovery activities.
 G&A expenses for the second quarter of 2020 were 2.6 million euros compared to 2.3 million
 euros in the second quarter of 2019.
 The increase is primarily related to higher SOX compliance costs, legal, consulting, and
 an audit card.
 Net loss for the second quarter of 2020 was 12.2 million euros or 16 cents per common
 share.
 Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 of 10.3 million euros or 17 cents per common share during the second quarter of 2019.
 The weighted number of comments here
 outstanding for the quarter ended June 30, 2020 for $79.2 million.
 I will now turn the call back to Adi.
 Thank you, Angus.
 As you can see from our presentation today, we're taking advantage of the knowledge that
 we've gained in the field of innate immunity and are applying it to our programs going
 forward.
 This experience in working with the innate immune system is something that we have uniquely
 established at AFIMED and is helping us in guiding the
 design of unique therapies which now have the potential to address a very different kind
 of cancers.
 I just want to point out here that the EJFR is expressed in more than 10 tumors, and that
 gives us a lot of optionality how to take this molecule forward.
 We are pleased with how things are moving forward for both our clinical and preclinical
 programs, especially in the current environment.
 Our brick-limit programs are on track from 13 and 24.
 are moving forward according to plan.
 And Chin Antic is moving things forward with the anti-PCMA CG-68 inertial engagement.
 our inflection points for the next one and a half years, why even 13 we've
 mentioned that we want to present the interim data in peripheral T-cell lymphoma around
 middle of next year.
 Okay.
 we've been successful in our collaboration
 with MD Anderson moving forward, the combination of AFM-13 and co-plug-derived natural killer
 ourselves. As we said, we're ready to start. Our MD Anderson is ready to start and we hope
 to report first patient in and we will provide updates as we move forward.
 For AFM24, we are in the midst of those escalation in order to generate safety and activity data.
 This is quite exciting for us because it's a drug with a very differentiated profile as
 compared to the other moieties currently used
 in targeting the EGF receptor.
 Now with the dose escalation and establishing the safety,
 We obviously will have the recommended phase 2 dose coming up in order to then do the dose
 cohort expansion, but as we've mentioned earlier, we're also planning early on to move forward
 into combinations.
 We're very happy with the progress in the Genentech collaboration.
 We've just provided the next update for the BCMA CD16A in Gager with multiple other programs
 ongoing, and if things go well, pending on program progression, we can bring in additional
 milestone. And for our newest additions to the pipeline with AFM-28 and AFM-32, we are
 starting the IND enabling studies so that we can have an IND filing first for AFM-28.
 Finally, before we open the session for Q&A, I would like to thank all our employees for
 their contribution and express our gratitude, my gratitude,
 in particular for our investigators and the clinical sites.
 the patients and all their families and our investors who are supporting us in our efforts
 to develop these innovative treatments for cancer patients.
 It is through the combined efforts of all of you that keeps us on the path of discovery
 and innovation.
 I'm now at the end of this session.
 Now happy to close the presentation,
 and we're open now for questions.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session as a reminder
 There should be a way to ask a question.
 You will need to press the bar in the number 1 on the telephone and wait for the name to be announced.
 If you wish to cancel it, you can press the pound or hash key.
 Once again, it's star and one for a question.
 First question comes from the line of Maui Rakoff from Jeffreece, please go ahead.
 Your line is now open.
 Bye. Good morning, everyone.
 That's under progress and thanks for taking my questions to start off just wondering for
 AFM 24. I'm not sure how much you can say on this, but just wondering if both patients
 and cooler to have been dosed.
 And if you can talk more about the timing of dosing
 between patients, and with the foresight activated,
 Can you provide any more perspective about enrollment
 pace going forward.
 Andreas, can you take the question, please?
 Yes.
 So the...
 There were multiple parts to the questions.
 So I hope I cut them all.
 So the phase one study of AFM-24, as we said, we are recruiting in the second cohort.
 We have not yet disclosed how many patients, as you know, it's a standard 3 by 3 design
 with a Bayesian dose modification, but that's basically what it is.
 In terms of timing between the patients, there is a mandatory eight-day waiting period between
 patients, so they cannot be treated all at the same time, but will be staggered with
 eight-day intervals.
 And there was another part of the question around the four
 participating sites.
 Right, yeah, just wondering if you can provide any more perspective about enrollment pace
 going forward.
 Currently, the enrollment pace is as pre-spressified
 by the protocol also.
 All sites are very active in screening patients.
 And as we said, all pages, all sites have already
 contributed patients.
 Got it. Okay, great. And then also for AFN24, just checking if you can say more about the
 the tumor types that you're screening for the study.
 And if you can also provide more perspective
 into the checkpoint inhibitor and combo plans at this point.
 So for the tumor types, in the dose escalation part,
 We are accepting all our patients with or all histologies that are eJFR expressing and
 and where the patient has exhausted
 the respective standard of care treatments.
 As Adi mentioned, this is a wide variety
 potential tumors are probably the two most prevalent tumors would be called
 colorectal cancer, and non-small cell lung cancer, and these are the two histologies
 where we would expect probably the majority of patients in the phase one are having said
 that the dose escalation part would, but also be open for other EGFR expressing tumors
 like, for example, head and neck cancer, gastric cancer, or other solid tumors.
 Now once we have defined our dose-limiting toxicities,
 or if there are no dose-limiting toxicities,
 We have defined the recommended phase two dose.
 We will enroll into two more specific expansion cohorts.
 And these expansion cohorts are currently
 in the process of being defined.
 now for our PD-1 combination plans
 Based on the interesting data we have seen with PD-1 in combination with AFM-13 which
 aren't referred to was a very encouraging, complete response rate in excess of 40 percent.
 We plan to have a combination with a PD-1 or PD-L1 inhibitor open rather soon, probably
 in parallel to the last cohorts of the dose escalation
 of the single agent study.
 So it will be more or less a parallel development
 that we are anticipating right now.
 Great. Okay. Thanks for the additional perspective.
 Any follow-up questions?
 We'll now proceed to the next question.
 The next question comes from the line of Jim Breschenoff from Wells Fargo.
 Let's go ahead, Jim.
 Hi guys, congrats on all the progress.
 Maybe just a first quick question for Angus to start him off.
 collaborative research revenues, is that expected to be a stable number between, you know, three
 to $4 million level or is there any reason that might go up as programs progress and
 as we think about the milestone that got paid
 in the third quarter?
 Is it a simple matter to back out the assumptions
 around collaborative research revenues,
 and that will give us some sense of the milestone.
 I'll give them that you can't say it explicitly.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, thanks, Jim, for the question.
 So, you know, our revenue numbers fluctuate from quarter to quarter, you know,
 based primarily on the number of hours that we're working on, the various genetic programs
 that are in progress.
 I mean, you can see, just looking back at the last several quarters, we've been, you
 You know, fairly range bound and call it the 2 million to 5 million zone when you see
 increases. It's typically a result of point in time milestone payments that we receive.
 So, you know, this milestone payment that we discussed today that we'll get in the third
 quarter will likely increase our revenues in the third quarter and that would be sort
 and add on to the range you've seen over the last several
 quarters of that again kind of to the two to five million dollars or two to five million
 you're else, rather.
 Got it.
 Okay.
 That's helpful.
 And then maybe just on...
 Hold on.
 for AFM24 and what we might learn from that cohort.
 Can you remind us if you're doing pre and post biopsies
 and what kind of translational work you might be doing and, you know, how that might
 inform the ability to recruit innate cells to the tumor site?
 Yeah.
 So, in the dose escalation part, we do a pre-treatment biopsy post or on-treatment biopsies are optional.
 We do have a significant correlative science program looking at peripheral activation markers
 of NK cells as well as on cytokine profiles.
 Once we are in the expansion phase,
 we are recruiting into tumor-specific cohorts.
 I think this is the part where we will get most of the correlative science as we have
 for more homogeneous patient population.
 So we maintain our requirement for a pre-treatment biopsy and we'll have post or on treatment
 biopsies in selected cohorts.
 And then just, you know, given the comments on the variability in peripheral NK cell populations,
 Is there any sense in screening patients for their NK cell levels, given that, you know,
 patients who...
 screen low, may not have adequate NK cells or macrophages to recruit, or you feel like
 like within the variability of an H cell in the blood that you'll be able to have an effect
 treatment and it's not worth screening for that variable.
 I think currently it would be premature to,
 It depends on what you mean with screening.
 So we are definitely determining the levels of search
 NK cells and also looking at some of their characteristic effects.
 I think we currently do not have enough data to define a cutoff or a threshold,
 And this may very well vary between tumor histologies and also be dependent on the infiltration
 of NK cells in the tumor microenvironment variable
 which we have seen in our AFM Columbia study to have some impact on the likelihood to respond
 to a patient of patients.
 So, I think in the beginning of the program,
 We will be open for all cameras.
 we will assess all of this important.
 biomarkers, and then based on the activity data and the readouts that we are seeing, we
 may modify as a program defining certain thresholds.
 But currently, I think it would be premature to do that.
 And maybe just a final question, just the Andy Anderson collaboration is focused on
 on core blood-derived NK cells.
 Is there any thought to other NK cell sources, including potentially IPSC-derived NK cells?
 That's all.
 Um, Addy, you want to take this question or should I take it?
 No, well, Andreas, why don't you go ahead?
 Okay. Yeah, you're right. Caught blood-derived NK cells is one source of NK cells. And if
 If you watch the field of NK cell based approaches, especially the field around companies and
 institutes are providing different sources of NK cells.
 There is definitely a speed picking up,
 And then there is a variety of options to look at.
 And this is what we do.
 not only from our side, but we have also received proactive inquiries of potential working models
 So we are looking at the entire NK cell field and then evaluate various options there.
 Yeah.
 Great. Thanks for taking the questions guys.
 Maybe as a quick comment, so we see this cobalt derived in case I was already quite
 advanced in clinical development, so there have already been many patients
 While with the IPSEs currently, there is still a safety to be determined and obviously in
 In combination, we will learn more on the functionalities.
 So this is somewhat yet to us on how functional an ITSC
 He arrived versus a peripheral in case a list.
 And it's good to see the first clinical data.
 So we're quite, not only happy, but we've checked,
 So many different options at the moment for in case-housing where I'm indeed very convinced
 about the activity of the cobalt-derived cells from MD Anderson.
 Great.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the line of IGOT from BMO Capital.
 Mine is now open. Please go ahead.
 Hey, good morning, gentlemen.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 This is E.K. on for Doe Kim.
 Just a couple, regarding the BCMA and the Engager,
 I understand that you have limited visibility
 on the entirety of the clinical bill pathway.
 But, if you can provide any type of insight in terms of what Genentech kind of has planned
 may in terms of today potentially pursue an accelerated pathway for the asset.
 And secondly, again, you don't provide complete details
 details on the exact milestone payments, but if you can provide it with some additional
 perspective on what the future milestones put asset might hold in terms of, you know,
 2, phase 3, things of that sort, should we expect increasing size of value for each
 milestone payments. That would be helpful for us. Thanks.
 Maybe I take the question on the pathway and then hand over it to you with a mask on.
 Yes, please, go ahead, Arndt.
 So yeah, thanks for the question.
 I mean, as you already correctly say,
 we cannot really speak in detail for Genentech,
 but we can share with you, I think you're aware.
 Of course, licensing this molecule was a big part of the deal.
 did with genetic, they're obviously excited about the strong differentiation potential
 of the molecule also demonstrated at ACR, at the poster just to review again, and a very
 strong pre-clinical cell killing, selective nosautical release, very good safety profile
 and good pharmacogenetic marker specific BCMA plasma cell
 killing in the Sinnoh monkey, so, you know, despite the also recent approvals of the, you
 you know, first encumbers in the space, I would say that the genetic shares are excitement
 with the differentiation potential
 in a way for a potentially best in class molecule.
 Maybe I leave it there.
 I think it's a, it's a clearly strongly clinically validated space.
 And I think this molecule will enable genetic and we as their partner to, you know, have
 a strong position in the space.
 Yes.
 Regarding the financial...
 ...
 So I just want to recall the deal when it was signed.
 So we received $96 million in upfront cash and can get a total of more than $5 billion
 in milestones that are in different categories.
 So there are a pre-tentative model,
 There's a pretty good amount of some payment that are indeed
 multiple clinical milestone payments,
 regulatory and sales milestones
 and on top we can receive
 The royalties, which, as we described, are on the higher end of what you would expect
 for the early nature of the license agreement.
 Beyond that, we're not able to disclose any further details unless Genetic would allow
 or rush would allow us to do so.
 Usually, and that's just a general statement,
 that the payments will increase the further the program progresses.
 Okay, thank you for that.
 And just one more quick question.
 I think I might have misheard it, and this is in regards to AFM 24, I believe you mentioned
 that there was a patient that had increased
 and all six cytokine levels that would resolve over 24 hours.
 I was just curious, was that self-resolving or did that patient receive an IL-6 inhibitor?
 Yeah, I can, thanks for bringing that up and the clarification.
 So the transient, our sixth increase was reported in the ironenate abling synotox study, what
 you referring to the ASER poster, indeed we saw that with the dosing, a kind of moderate
 peak that quickly went down, was completely resolved without any treatment.
 Obviously, you know, one doesn't do that in the,
 Because this is Sino-Tux study.
 And again, when we see this in the context,
 because it was transient and fully reversed.
 leads us to the conclusion which, of course,
 will be looked at carefully in patients
 that we should not expect any kind of cytokine release syndrome.
 Okay, thank you for that clarification.
 Sure
 Thank you.
 comes from the line of you, Jen, from mainly your company.
 You can go ahead and the line is now open.
 Hello.
 Yes, hello, Jo. Hi. Can you hear you?
 Hi, sorry, that's my headset's fallen off.
 Thanks for taking the questions.
 My first question is that for the AFM-13, for the registration study, that it's a Simon
 to set up. So what might be the threshold of ORR in the 40 patients and sort of internal
 and read out before you can move forward.
 So just curious what any information you can reveal on that front.
 I'm afraid we cannot give a concrete response rate.
 It's based also on the Bayesian design,
 So there are some interdependence of response rates.
 but we usually do not disclose thresholds.
 What is the classical Simon II stage design?
 Okay, no problem.
 and also just curious in terms of AFM-24
 that your dose escalating but at least based on the animal data is any thought
 when you might start to see the potential effective dose to start?
 I think currently it's not possible to predict when we will have the optimal biologically
 active those as there are a number of covariance like binding sites for CD16, binding sites
 for EGFR and then distribution.
 And as you know, the animal models, especially
 in terms of pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamics
 are very difficult to translate, the relevant talk
 species, and we have to add that's only a talk species, is the synomorgous monkey, however
 we do not have any synomorgos monkey tumor models available.
 So we cannot really bridge between what we've seen
 the toxicology studies, and then what we would see in terms of efficacy for tumors.
 So it will be something that we will
 have to define in our clinical program.
 time.
 Okay.
 Great, maybe one last question here is that in terms of adaptive in case cell from the
 people are deriving themselves.
 First of all, put that up to the potential of the youth and saw the tumor and any comments
 comment in terms of regarding that pathology.
 This is, as Adi said, something that we are actively
 looking into, we're starting out with lymphomas, obviously,
 with AFM-13 targeting CD-30.
 But our vision is that also for AFM24,
 we will develop certain development options
 in combination with NK cells could be
 cord blood derived in cases, could be in cases from another source, that is something that
 we will define.
 but the intention is also to have a program
 where AFM24 would be partnered with exogenous NK cells.
 Okay, great.
 Thanks, appreciate it, and congrats for all the progress this far.
 Yep, no further questions at this time for any closing remarks.
 Please go ahead, speakers.
 Yeah.
 Thank you again for listening in and following our updates.
 The program is coming smoothly along, despite that we are affected by COVID.
 We have strengthened the team significantly in order to address any issues that may relate
 to the conductance of this clinical trials or to the interactions with the specific sites.
 So we're very happy to have been able to address any of the issues that have been
 and I indeed want to thank again the entire team here at AFIMED for managing all that
 through these difficult times.
 We're quite excited that we can move forward
 these programs either as monotherapies and now looking at the different options of combination
 If you've heard, we'll focus on natural killer cells and checkpoint inhibitors, in particular,
 PD-1s or PD-O-1s.
 So we feel that we have, with the multiple programs,
 addressing different targets.
 So we can provide a couple of data over the next quarters and in years.
 I'm very happy to report any additional updates as we move along.
 Thanks a lot again for listening in and all the best.
 the best.
 Thank you for listening to the conference today.
 Thank you all for participating in the August Connect.
 Thank you everyone.