 Thank you Darcy and welcome everyone to our December Courtly Analyst Call.
 December quarterly production showed a considerable improvement on the September quarter.
 with record production throughput and improving grades, improving recoveries and improving
 cash flow.
 Unfortunately, delays accessing higher grade parts of the open pit resulted in lower grades
 and projected in our gardens.
 On the exploration front, today we announced a 70% increase in our 100% owned Yamana resources.
 So they now sit at 0.5 million ounces.
 In the presentation today, we will be referring to the quarterly results slides that can be
 be viewed on the live webcast, our website or the ASX release.
 Those on the web pass are now also able to submit the question for us to address at the
 at the end of this call.
 On the call today we have Duncan Gibbs, Managing Director and CEO.
 Don Malumbi, our recently appointed CFO,
 Andrew Tyrrell, General Manager of Discovery, and Hayden Barchoff, our company's Secretary,
 and the support for development.
 I'll now hand over to Duncan Gibbs to talk you through our quarterly results in more detail.
 Thanks Malcolm, and thank you everybody for joining us on the call today.
 the stuff is just indicated.
 the December quarterly saw improvements across the board.
 Production total is 67,813 ounces produced at 3 years for the quarter, the best quarterly
 production in 2021.
 All of this only cost was $15.26 per ounce for the quarter, lower quarter on quarter,
 applied and anticipated due to lower health production than forecast.
 Pleasingly, our 12 month lost time injury frequency rate continues to fall, ending the quarter at 2.3.
 Next, we've got cash flow generation during the quarter, cash and equivalence
 as listed, the hundred and thirty-five point five million.
 All road continues to carry no test.
 We continue to make good progress on the exploration funds with origin signs
 seen from several targets tested on a 100% owned southern project area at Yamana.
 The quarter also saw us grow 100% owned Kimana resources to half a million ounces with the
 majority of these resources in the southern project area.
 That's only further quarterly in a little more detail.
 That's a material movement, priest of the game, quarter on quarter, by about 3 million tons.
 The total rate of all mining and listed are going into record highs and an annual equivalence
 at 4.7 million tons per annum.
 The mine grade lifted in the December quarter, not as much as we anticipated, reflecting
 and delay in accessing some of the high grade parts of the stage 2 pit.
 The blade progress was in part due to challenges in rostering the blasting personnel, combined
 with some short-term interruptions from the weather in December.
 Processing rates continue to rise to an equivalent annualised rate of 8.9 million tons per annum
 despite the instructions to the all mills that we reported early in the quarter.
 Overall plan utilization listed to 91%.
 Metallurgical recoveries also improve in line with the higher head grades and less processing
 infructions.
 Head grade was up, but I was for the lower than expected.
 mine grade was lower than we expected, resulting in anticipated quarterly production on annual
 production falling slightly short of items.
 As a result of that, our attributable all-in-sustaining cost is slightly above guidance.
 Gold ounces sold listed quarter on quarter to 35,460 ounces at an average price of $2,309 per ounce.
 The delivery and the forward sales was approximately 25% of our production in a quarter.
 Sorry, our corporate oil cost was lower this quarter at $19.24 per ounce.
 And it's up the next slide
 in line with our 3D production outlook that we put out a year ago.
 there we go. Our production will continue to improve in 2023 and your production will
 will increase to a forecast range of 300,000 to 340,000 ounces or 150,000 to 170,000 ounces
 of tributable.
 Lower oil and sustain cost is guided between 1270 and 1470 dollars per ounce.
 We do our guidance as we incorporate an appropriate allowance for operational issues which we expect
 to have less old in 2022.
 That said, we have not allowed for major forces to measure events, extended impacts, including
 in those from COVID-19 or other issues.
 Improved production is written by increasing grades through the stage 2 and 3-pits, as shown in the image here, with grade lifting through the year.
 increasing throughput rate as previously communicated in our three-year outlook.
 The quarter one includes two planned shutdowns, a realign of the TAC mill and a realign of the bull mill with lower planned utilisation in this quarter.
 Our opportunity to use the re-handled fleet, as we've seen at the December quarter, is
 It's likely to continue into 2022, with most movement being brought forward from future
 years which has been factored into our all-ins sustaining cost guidance.
 Bringing forward this total material movement allows for greater processing and flexibility
 That's all for this video.
 Thanks for watching.
 of offices under the industry, headwinds are leaving,
 expected in Western Australia, including labour availability, supply chain concerns and potential
 COVID-related starting disruptions in mining.
 The cooling relief degree air resource was completed during the quarter.
 SI results are still awaited for three calls.
 No results were received, a full assessment.
 The updated geological model will be undertaken before determining our next steps.
 You will know from this long section it shows the set envelope.
 All right, thank you, thank you very much.
 or reserve a 1.1 million ounce increase.
 The long section also shows the upper pit mineral resource
 as it was communicated in December 2020.
 and the underground resource is communicated at February 2021.
 Both of these resources will be updated as part of an annualised reporting cycle in February.
 We anticipate seeing a transition between the OCCAPID and underground resources pushing
 Thank you.
 and the sleep and pet slopes reported in the recent reserve update.
 Moving on to the next slide, we move on and look at our, I want to see some test position.
 We remain debt-free, and cash and equivalence list is $135.5 million.
 In October we paid a fully frank dividend for the six months to the 30th of June 2021.
 It has slow water flow which summarises the movement of st. Cassian quivalence over the quarter.
 It is worth noting, again, that I'm a short investment with a follow-consolidator during
 in the corner.
 3.6 million.
 Re-cash flow was $15.7 million before the gain on the follow shares.
 employment at the interim.
 I'll now hand over to Andrew to talk through the exploration update.
 Thanks Duncan. The Discovery team continue to focus their efforts on systematic and targeted exploration over the priority prospects within the southern project area of the Yamada project.
 In 2021 the team achieved a significant amount of drilling with over 155,000 metres of air
 36,000 metres of RC and 8,000 metres of diamond completed.
 exploration ways encouraging progress from
 Thanks for watching.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 Warbler, Avadot and Warbler. As with most of the exploration sector, we are still awaiting
 as a result from most of the drilling completed in the December quarter. However, early results
 received the data have been encouraging.
 A budget of $30 million has been allocated to the Discovery Project for 2022, which is
 slightly less than the final 2021 budget spend.
 2022, we'll see an increased rate of RC and diamond drilling as the company focuses on
 to drill testing for these numerous regolith gold anomalies and mineralized trends to
 defined by ACOR and RC in the last six to four months.
 There is currently an RT rig on site, as I speak, and a Dynar rig will be remobilising shortly.
 A further two air core rigs are also expected soon.
 Today we announced a 70% increase in our 100% owned Yamada resources.
 In that total, half a million ounces at an average grade of 2.44 grams is on gold and
 and enclose.
 And then
 increased to the Gilmore resource of 40,000 ounces,
 which includes a small underground component.
 What is that 5% of the Gilmore resource reports to the indicated category at a healthy grade
 of 6.55 grams per thumb gold.
 Maiden Inferred Open Pit Resources declared for smoke push and wobbler and an increase
 of 30,000 ounces at the Renegade resource located just north of the Golden Highway.
 As you will note, the bulk of the resources are located in close proximity to each other
 in the southern project area and show the potential to be incorporated into any future
 standalone processing operation in this area.
 Yeah.
 Putting out the southern project area in a little more detail now, we continue to push
 board without exploration efforts within this area.
 Activities completed in the Southern Projects area have highlighted several varying harbing
 and large areas of regal synomism and favorable geology.
 On this several priority targets are emerging, in particular these include, at Waffler we
 completed as an RC program at this four kilometer long regular tsunami and I'm still awaiting
 in most of these results.
 In addition, we completed another phase of air-chord waffle that continues to show strong
 Some grilling results in the regular, which leads me to follow up with further RT drilling
 in 2022.
 follow up RC drilling at the Earl target located south east of smoke bush along with smoke bush
 shoes on as a result return some encouraging results and these include 17
 made is at 1.27 grams gold, two thing made is at 1.19 grams
 and 10 liters of 1.05 grams.
 Further work will include more planned RC and funding drilling.
 At Avidos, a program of RC drilling was commenced in the December quarter designed to test beneath
 a four kilometer long metal anomaly which results in steel painting.
 DRC program will recommend early and early February of this year.
 At Warbler we completed a program of RC drilling along Strikes and Northwest of the Maiden Resource.
 Drilling intersected the same sequence of rocks,
 with similar encouraging alterations as their results are still awaited.
 Finally at Kingston and at the Deakwood Camp, Skoll Road intends to complete infill air
 co-drilling to better understand the large anomalies
 defined in this area by air core drilling in 2021. That brings a close to the expression
 update I look forward to any additional questions you might have I will now hand
 back to pumpkin juice.
 So that brings us close to the results presentation.
 I would now be very happy to answer any questions you might have, and I'll hand the call back to Darcy.
 Thank you.
 If you wish to ask a question via the phone, please press star 1 on your telephone and
 wait for your name to be announced.
 If you wish to cancel your request, please press star two.
 If you want to speak a friend, please take up the handset to ask your questions.
 If you wish to ask a question via webcast, please enter it into the Ask a Question box and click Submit.
 We have no phone questions at this time.
 time. Okay, perhaps we'll start with some wet past questions and return to see
 whether there's any fun questions at a later date.
 The first question comes from Robert. Who's the current leadership of exploration?
 Andrew Cyril is our Expression Manager.
 or sorry, our general manager of exploration and he ran through the exploration announcement
 on the call.
 Our expression manager is County James Davis, someone we promoted internally, he has a right
 level of expertise as well as to hold that role.
 Thank you.
 The question comes from Jemka, is when do you expect more returns to be delivered to
 shareholders.
 Well, I think Gold Road has a strong track record of creating returns to shareholders
 certainly since the inception of the company.
 Of course, we're one of a few companies that have come up into the production of high-divirin
 and no debt and having committed to pay a bit of end
 to keep doing that, and I think the exploration results that we've thought of at the moment
 At the moment, they're quite encouraging obviously still
 I'll be able to develop a second mining operation on half a million ounces, but some of the
 Skyl of the JPM anomalies that will be actively asked to you and not until this year
 put us in a pretty good shape to progress those forward and with the objective of developing
 in the second morning of operation.
 Another question from Michael from Urals Heartless, could you please outline the expected grade
 and throughput for calendar year 2022 to reach guidance.
 I'll give you rough numbers, Michael.
 So you'd be looking at three putters somewhere between 9 and 9.5 million
 thumbs and grade between 1.1 and 1.2. That should get us there, I think as we outline
 in the quarterly, it's worth noting that it's called the way in now because we're doing
 mill relines will be softer and the gray
 and our throughput will progressively increase through the calendar year.
 A question from Robert.
 Beepwood was looking very promising, what's its current status?
 A4 is a different enigma, it is up to a quite a sizeable G8 camera normally, that's it's
 They're both regular and in saprolite, lower saprolite.
 We continue to try to understand, I guess, the source of that, and that's why we plan
 and a program this year to actually try to figure into where we think the source of that goal might be.
 A question from Tom. What is the company guiding in terms of Gold Cross for 2022 and its policy on hedging?
 Look, we don't and Gold Producers don't, but our guidance on Gold price, in terms of our
 Hitchcock, really, our Hitchcock runs through to the end of this year. It represents about
 25% of production and the strategy at the moment is basically to deliver into those gold
 had used was like the full tune.
 The general principle of what we do around hedging really is around risk management and
 the hedging that we took on was really put in place when we knew we had to draw down some
 that for the construction of Korea. Obviously with the health price things
 it's actually higher.
 since the development that grew here and what was projected at the time of construction.
 And when we're in that financing phase, we often take down our debt facilities a lot
 faster than a model that at point in time.
 So what you can really expect to see, you know,
 barring some need for drawing down debts to grow the businesses that will continue to
 delivering so that it is a special kit.
 Question now from Sabrina.
 When will the decision be made as to whether a dividend will be paid for the December 21
 The...
 The announcement, it may be debit and it obviously follows the final audit of accounts
 to be announced with those accounts.
 expected to come out after our financials are formally reported and then the board is
 able to determine the difference at that point in time.
 Our annual results will be released in the last week of March,
 along with our sustainability report.
 A question from Scott.
 Is the company still active in the M&I area?
 Yeah, look, I think it's no secret we've looked at lots of opportunities, or has
 well-publicised and also the more recent have a look at Apollo.
 at Apollo. I guess we've also exercised discipline in what we're prepared to pay.
 So we're still looking for opportunities, but I guess we're also quite disciplined about
 They've got to crowd you for shareholders, not just getting a transaction.
 Thank you all for your webcast questions.
 This is the first time we've done that and I think that worked really well.
 Well, there's a few other questions I know that we haven't had time to answer on this
 call.
 I will endeavour to answer those that will get back to you on those questions in due course.
 I'll just quickly check in with Darcy if there are any questions from the phone.
 Otherwise, please hand back to me, Darcy.
 Thank you.
 If you have a question from Paul Cana from Ord Minutes, please go ahead.
 Yeah.
 Bye, James.
 Thanks.
 Any more questions?
 So you're 22 gardens.
 when we have a look at that compared to your previous three year guidance which you put
 February of last year, there's about a 9% to 10% increase in your onboard sustaining costs.
 Could you maybe talk specifically what is driving this delta increase and how much is
 related to inflationary increases?
 Yes, I think that you're saying that Paul know a secret but you know WI is experiencing higher costs
 So we've obviously factored those in.
 I'd also say they're not particularly astronomical, so sort of a few percent is what you need
 to be considering around kind of sleep, the eye-type levels.
 The other thing...
 probably a note which I did make commentary on during the presentation that we're pulling
 forward mining volumes and we're doing that quite consciously really as a
 risk mitigation strategy around, you know, labor shortages and delays from COVID or other
 of those kind of events.
 Now, of course, how that exactly pans out during the year will depend on whether any
 those risks eventually, and of course over the life of mine we're not actually spending
 more money, it's purely offset spending that this year rather than in future years in it's
 It's all right in that, that white movement.
 So we think that's a prudent strategy to really mitigate mining related risks to production,
 But it does have a consequence of contributing to higher all-insisting costs during this year.
 The other slight impact on that, Paul as well, is production guidance in terms of ounces
 is down very slightly on our initial outlook and that again is just driven by slightly
 slower progress into those improved gap rates, so obviously we're slightly lower
 ounces are all in sustained cost per ounce is impacted.
 Yeah, no, I understood. And just to remind me again on the stock piles you have on site at the moment as a sort of another
 of another contingency to these live oppressions, obviously.
 Yeah.
 But look, I don't have the exact number of it, I mean order of magnitude three, three
 and a half million tons of tidal stockpiles,
 there are obviously a lower grain on average than the wrong grain.
 So, you know, they provide a bit buffer in terms of how to keep the mill going with
 with any mining-related delays or disruption, but if we rely on most profiles, then obviously
 but you have a negative impact on Gulf reviews.
 Yeah, perfect, now that's all for me, thanks very much.
 Thanks, Paul.
 Thank you. There are no further questions on the phone at this time.
 Thanks, Darcy.
 So I'll just close on slide 11.
 Obviously this is just a summary of our quarter.
 It shows, you know, as we outline grades and three per increase, we're still in line with
 our two-year outlook. Gold Road's attributable resources are now listed to 4.7 million ounces.
 and thanks to the impact from the Yamana.
 We see continued encouragement and expiration and we're excited now that Riggs are returning
 to site.
 I don't see it.
 She is strong and very happy that cash and equivalents grew quite a considerable amount
 during the quarter.
 Thanks everyone for attending and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter.