 Thank you, Darcy, and welcome everyone to our December quarterly analyst call. December quarterly production showed a considerable improvement on the September quarter with record production throughput and improving grades, improving recoveries and improving cash flow. Unfortunately, delays accessing higher-grade parts of the open pit resulted in lower grades than projected in our guidance. On the exploration front, today we announced a 70% increase in our 100% owned Yamana resources, so they now sit at 0.5 million ounces. In the presentation today, we will be referring to the quarterly results slides that can be viewed on the live webcast, our website, or the ASX release. Those on the webcast are now also able to submit a question for us to address at the end of this call. On the call today, we have Duncan Gibbs, Managing Director and CEO, John Molumby, our recently appointed CFO, Andrew Tyrrell, General Manager of Discovery, and Hayden Barchop, our Company Secretary and GM of Corporate Development. I now hand over to Duncan Gibbs to talk you through our quarterly results in more detail. Thanks, Duncan, and thank you, everybody, for joining us on the call today. As Duncan has just indicated, the December quarterly saw improvements across the board. The production total was 67,813 ounces produced at Spurrier for the quarter, the best quarterly production in 2021. The all-in-sustaining cost was $15.26 per ounce for the quarter, lower quarter-on-quarter, but higher than anticipated due to lower oil production than forecast. Seizingly, our 12-month loss-time-injury frequency rate continued to fall, ending the quarter at 2.3. Thanks to good cash flow generation during the quarter, cash and equivalents lifted to $135.5 million. Old Road continues to carry no debt. We continue to make good progress on the exploration funds with corrigine science seen from several targets tested on a 100% owned Southern Project area at Humana. The quarter also saw us grow a 100% owned Humana resources to half a million ounces with the majority of these resources in Southern Project area. And turning to the quarterly, in a little more detail, total material movement increased again quarter-on-quarter by about 3 million tonnes. The total rate of ore mining lifted again to record highs and an annual equivalence of 12.7 million tonnes per annum. The mine grade lifted in the December quarter, but not as much as we expected, reflecting a delay in accessing some of the high-grade parts of the Stage 2 pit. The delayed progress was in part due to challenges in rostering key blasting personnel, combined with some short-term interruptions from the weather in December. Processing rates continue to rise to an equivalent annualised rate of 8.9 million tonnes per annum, despite the disruptions to the ball mill that we reported early in the quarter. More plant utilisation lifted to 91%. Metallurgical recoveries also improved in line with the higher head grades and less processing interruptions. Head grade was up, but over to the lower than expected mine grade, was lower than we expected, resulting in anticipated quarterly production and annual production falling slightly short of guidance. As a result of that, our attributable all-in sustaining cost came slightly above guidance. Gold ounces sold lifted quarter on quarter to 35,460 ounces, an average price of $2,309 per ounce. Delivery in forward sales was approximately 25% of our production in a quarter. Our corporate all-in cost was lower this quarter at $19.24 per ounce. Coming to the next slide, in line with our three-year production outlook that we put out a year ago, our production will continue to improve in 2022. Annual production will increase to a forecast range of 300,000 to 340,000 ounces or 150,000 to 170,000 ounces attributable. Lower all-in sustaining cost is guided between $1,270 and $1,470 per ounce. We view our guidance as incorporating an appropriate allowance for operational issues, which we expect to have less of in 2022. That said, we have not allowed for major force majeure events, extended impacts, including those from COVID-19 or other issues. Improved production is driven by increasing grades through the stage two and three pits, as shown in the image here, with grades lifting through the year. Increasing throughput rate, as previously communicated in our three-year outlook. Quarter one includes two plan shutdowns, a reline of the tack mill and a reline of the ball mill, with lower plan utilisation in this quarter. Our opportunity to use of the re-handle fleet, as we've seen in the December quarter, is likely to continue into 2022, with most movement being brought forward from future years, which has been backed into our all-in sustaining cost guidance. Bringing forward this total material movement allows for greater processing flexibility and provides a buffer to some of the industry headwinds currently being expected in Western Australia, including labour availability, supply chain concerns, and potential COVID-related staffing disruptions to mining. When you believe that the green air resource was completed during the quarter, assay results are still awaited for three holes. And all results will receive a full assessment of the updated geological model will be undertaken before determining our next steps. You'll note that from this long section, it shows the September 2021 oil reserve, a 1.1 million ounce increase. And the long section also shows the open pit mineral resource, as it was communicated in December 2020. Both of these resources will be updated as part of an annualised reporting cycle in February 2022. We anticipate seeing a transition between the open pit and underground resources pushing deeper, given the steepened pit slopes reported in the recent reserve update. Referring to the next slide, we move on and look at our balance sheets and cash position. We remain debt-free and cash and equivalents lifted to $135.5 million. In October, we paid a fully frank dividend for the six months to the 30th of June 2021. The cash flow waterfall summarises the movements of cash equivalents over the quarter. It is worth noting the gain on a short investment with Apollo consolidated during the quarter of $3.6 million. Free cash flow was $15.7 million before the gain on Apollo shares and payment of the interim dividend. I will now hand over to Andrew to talk through the exploration update. Thanks, Duncan. The Discovery team continue to focus their efforts on systematic and targeted exploration over the priority prospects within the southern project area of the Yamana project. In 2021, the team achieved a significant amount of drilling with over 155,000 metres of air core, 36,000 metres of RC and 8,000 metres of diamond completed. While exploration was encouraging progress from prospects such as Earl, Waffler, Abydos and Warbler, as with most of the exploration sector, we are still awaiting assay results from most of the drilling completed in the December quarter. However, early results received at date have been encouraging. A budget of $30 million has been allocated to the Discovery project for 2022, which is slightly less than the final 2021 budget spend. 2022 will see an increased rate of RC and diamond drilling as the company focuses on deeper drill testing for these numerous regolith gold anomalies and mineralised trends defined by air core and RC in the last 6 to 12 months. There is currently an RT rig on site as I speak and a diamond rig will be remobilising shortly. A further two air core rigs are also expected soon. Today we announced a 70% increase in our 100% owned Yamana resources. They now total half a million ounces at an average grade of 2.44 grams per tonne gold and include an increase to the Gilmore resource of 40,000 ounces, which includes a small underground component. 45% of the Gilmore resource reports to the indicated category at a healthy grade of 6.55 grams per tonne gold. Maiden inferred open pit resources declared for smoke, bush and warbler and an increase of 30,000 ounces at the Renegade resource located just north of the Golden Highway. As you will note, the bulk of the resources are located in close proximity to each other in the Southern Projects area and show potential to be incorporated into any future standalone processing operation in this area. Looking at the Southern Projects area in a little more detail now, we continue to push forward with our exploration efforts within this area. Activities completed in the Southern Projects area have highlighted several very encouraging and large areas of regolith anomalism and favourable geology. From this, several priority targets are emerging. In particular, these include at Waffler, we completed an RT program at this four-kilometre-long regolith anomaly and are still awaiting most of these results. In addition, we completed another phase of air core at Waffler that continues to show strong drilling results in the regolith, which will need to be followed up with further RT drilling in 2022. Follow-up RT drilling at the Earl target located southeast of Smokebush along with Smokebush Shear Zone has returned some encouraging results. And these include 17 metres at 1.27 grams gold, 15 metres at 1.18 grams tonne gold and 10 metres at 1.05 grams. Further work will include more planned RT and diamond drilling. At Abydos, a program of RT drilling was commenced in the December quarter, designed to test beneath a four-kilometre-long regolith anomaly with results still pending. The RT program will recommence in early February of this year. At Warbler, we completed a program of RT drilling along strike to the north-west of the maiden resource. Drilling intersected the same sequence of rocks with similar encouraging alteration observed. Essay results are still awaited. And finally, at Kingston and at Petitwood Camp, Gold Road intends to complete in-fill air core drilling to better understand the large anomalies defined in this area by air core drilling in 2021. That brings a close to the expression update, and I look forward to any additional questions you may have. I will now hand back to Duncan Hughes. Thanks, Andrew and Duncan. So that brings a close to the results presentation. I would now be very happy to answer any questions you may have, and I'll hand the call back to Darcy. Thank you. If you wish to ask a question via the phone, please press star 1 on your telephone and wait for your name to be announced. If you wish to cancel your request, please press star 2. If you're on a speakerphone, please pick up the handset to ask your question. If you wish to ask a question via webcast, please enter it into the Ask a Question box and click Submit. We have no phone questions at this time. Okay, or perhaps we'll start with some webcast questions and return to see whether there's any phone questions at a later date. The first question comes from Robert. Who's the current leadership of exploration? Andrew Terrell is our exploration manager, or sorry, our general manager of exploration, and he ran through the exploration announcement on the call. Yeah, and our exploration manager is currently James Davids, someone we've promoted internally. He has the right level of expertise as well to hold that role. Thank you. Our next question comes from Jemka. When do you expect more returns to be delivered to shareholders? Well, I think Gold Road has a strong track record of creating returns to shareholders particularly since the inception of the company. Of course, we're one of the few companies that have come up into production and pay a dividend and no debt, and having commenced pay a dividend, I'd expect to keep doing that. And I think the exploration results that we've got at the moment are quite encouraging. Obviously, still not there yet. You can be able to develop a second mining operation or half a million ounces, but some of the scale of the geochem anomalies that will be actively RC and Diamond Trail testing this year put us in a pretty good shape to progress those forward and with the objective of developing a second mining operation. Another question from Michael from Euros, Hartleys. Could you please outline the expected grade and throughput for calendar year 2022 to reach guidance? I'll give you rough numbers, Michael. So you'd be looking at throughput of somewhere between 9 and 9.5 million tons and grade between 1.1 and 1.2. That should get us there. I think as we outlined in the quarterly, it's worth noting that this quarter that we're in now, because we're doing mill relines, will be softer and the grade and throughput will progressively increase through the calendar year. A question from Robert. Beefwood was looking very promising. What's its current status? Beefwood is a bit of an enigma. It is obviously quite a sizeable geochem anomaly that sits there in both regolith and in saprolite, lower saprolite. We continue to try to understand, I guess, the source of that, and that's why we plan our program this year to try to vector into where we think the source of that gold may be. A question from Tom. What is the company guiding in terms of gold price for 2022 and its policy on hedging? Look, we don't and gold producers don't put out guidance on gold price. In terms of our hedge book, really our hedge book runs through to the end of this year. It represents about 25% of production and the strategy at the moment is basically to deliver into those gold hedges that they've called you. The general principle of what we do around hedging really is around risk management and the hedging that we took on was really put in place when we knew we had to draw down some debt for the construction of Gruyere. Obviously, with the gold price being substantially higher since the development of Gruyere and what was projected at the time of construction. And when we're in that financing phase, we ultimately paid down our debt facilities a lot faster than the model at that point in time. So what you can really expect to see, barring some need for drawing down debt to grow the business, is that we'll continue to deliver into those hedges as they fall due. Question now from Sabrina. When will a decision be made as to whether a dividend will be paid for the December 21 half? The announcement of every dividend obviously follows the final audited accounts and the announcement of those accounts. So you'd expect it to come out after our financials are formally reported, and then the board is able to determine the dividends at that point in time. Our annual results will be released in the last week of March, along with our sustainability report. A question from Scott. Is the company still active in the M&A area? Yeah, look, I think it's no secret. We've looked at lots of opportunities. Obviously, you know, Tropicana, well publicised, and also the more recent, have a look at Apollo. I guess we've also exercised discipline in terms of what we're prepared to pay. So, you know, we're still looking for opportunities, but I guess we're also quite disciplined about they've got to create value for shareholders, not just getting a transaction done. Thank you all for your webcast questions. That's the first time we've done that, and I think they'll work really well. There's a few other questions I know that we haven't had time to answer on this call. We'll endeavour to answer those, but we'll get back to you on those questions in due course. I'll just quickly check in with Darcy if there are any questions from the phone. Otherwise, please hand back to me, Darcy. Thank you. Another question from Paul Kainer from Ord Minutes. Please go ahead. Yeah. Hi, gents. Thanks for taking my question. Just on your 22 guidance, when we have a look at that compared to your previous three-year guidance, which you put out in February of last year, there's about a 9% to 10% increase in your all-in-sustaining costs. Could you maybe talk specifically what is driving this delta increase and how much is related to inflationary increases? Yes, I think as you're saying there, Paul, no state secret that WA is experiencing higher costs. So we've obviously factored those in. I'd also say they're not particularly astronomical. So sort of a few percent is what you need to be considering around kind of CPI-type levels. But the other thing probably of note, which I did make commentary on during the presentation, is that we're pulling forward mining volumes. And we're doing that quite consciously, really, as a risk mitigation strategy around labour shortages and delays from COVID or other of those kind of events. Now, of course, how that exactly pans out during the year will depend on whether any of those risks eventuate. And of course, over the life of mine, we're not actually spending more money. Certainly, it's purely an offset spending that this year rather than in future years in accelerating that waste movement. So we think that's a proven strategy to really mitigate mining-related risks to production. But it does have a consequence of contributing to higher all-in sustaining costs during this year. The other slight impact on that, Paul, as well, is production guidance in terms of ounces is down very slightly on our initial outlook. And that, again, is just driven by slightly slower progress into those improved gap rates. So obviously, with slightly lower ounces, all-in sustaining costs per ounce is impacted. Yeah, no, understood. And just to remind me again on the stockpiles you have on-site at the moment as sort of another contingency to these labour pressures, obviously. Yeah, look, I don't have the exact number, but in order of magnitude, three, 3.5 million tonnes of total stockpiles. They're obviously at lower grade on average than the ROM grade. So, you know, they provide a buffer in terms of being able to keep the mill going with any, you know, mining-related delays or disruption. But if we rely on those stockpiles, then obviously have a negative impact on gold produced. Yeah, perfect. Now, that's all from me. Thanks very much. Thanks, Paul. Thank you. There are no further questions on the phone at this time. Thanks, Darcy. So I'll just close on slide 11. I guess this is just a summary of our quarter. It shows, you know, as we outlined, grades and throughput increased. We're still in line with our two-year outlook. Gold Road's attributable resources have now lifted to 4.7 million ounces, thanks to the impact from Yamana. We see continued encouragement at expiration and we're excited now the rigs are returning to site. Balance sheet is strong and I'm very happy that cash and equivalents grew by quite a considerable amount during the quarter. Thanks, everyone, for attending, and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Thank you.