 Thank you, Darcy, and welcome everyone to our December Quarterly Analyst Call.
 December quarterly production showed a considerable improvement on the September quarter with
 record production throughput, and improving grades,
 improving recoveries, and improving cash flow.
 Unfortunately, delays accessing higher-grade parts of the open pit resulted in lower grades
 of the open pit.
 projected in our guidance.
 On the exploration front, today we announced a 70% increase in our 100% owned Yamana resources.
 So they now sit at 0.5 million ounces.
 In the presentation today, we will be referring to the quarterly results slides that can be
 viewed on the live web pass our website or the ASX release those on the web
 The direct pass are now also able to submit a question for us to address at the end of
 of this call.
 On the call today, we have Duncan Gibbs, Managing Director and CEO, John Molumby, our recently
 appointed CFO, Andrew Tyrrell, General Manager of Discovery, and Hayden Barchop, our company
 Secretary and GM of
 of corporate development.
 I now hand over to Duncan Gibbs
 to talk you through our quarterly results in more detail.
 Thanks, Dr. Herman.
 And thank you, everybody, for joining us on the call today.
 As Duncan has just indicated, the December quarterly
 and saw improvements across the board.
 Production total 67,813 ounces produced at Spurrier for the quarter, the best quarterly
 production in 2021.
 All-in-sustaining cost was $15.26 per ounce for the quarter, lower quarter on quarter
 applied and anticipated due to lower oil production than forecast.
 Pleasingly, our 12-month loss time injury frequency rate
 continued to fall, ending the quarter at 2.3.
 Thanks for good cash flow generation during the quarter.
 Thank you.
 has lifted the $135.5 million.
 Rob Road continues to carry no debt.
 We continue to make good progress on the exploration funds with collagen science seen from several
 targets tested on a 100% owned southern project area at Yamana.
 also saw us grow 100% owned Humana resources
 a half a million ounces with the majority of these resources in the southern project area.
 and sending to the quarterly
 in both of them all day fast
 Thank you so much, everyone.
 movement increased again quarter on quarter by 3 million tons. The total rate of ore mining
 and lifted again to record highs
 and an annual equivalence of 12.7 million tons per annum.
 The mine grade lifted in the December quarter,
 but not as much as we expected.
 reflecting a delay in accessing some of the high-grade parts of the Sage 2 pit.
 Play progress was in part due to challenges in rostering key blasting for smell combined
 with some short-term interruption
 from a clever and clever weather in December.
 rates continue to increase.
 rise to an equivalent annualised rate
 at 8.9 million tonnes
 and I'm
 despite that
 disruptions to the bull mills that we reported early in the quarter.
 or plant utilisation lifted to 91%.
 Metallurgical recoveries also improved in line with the higher head grades and less processing interruptions.
 Thank you.
 Headgrade was up, but over to the lower than expected.
 Mine grade was lower than we expected, resulting in anticipated quarterly production and annual
 production falling slightly short of guidance.
 As a result of that, our attributable all-in-sustaining cost
 I mean slightly above guidance.
 12 ounces sold, lifted quarter on quarter, which is 35, 460 ounces, an average price
 That was $2,300.
 $2,309 per ounce.
 Delivery and forward sales of production was approximately 25% of our production in a quarter.
 All this is done.
 Sorry, our corporate oil cost was lower this quarter at $19.24 per ounce.
 Coming to the next slide.
 in line with our three-year production outlook
 that we put out a year ago.
 So, our production will continue to improve in 2022.
 Your annual production will increase to a forecast range of 300,000 to 340,000 ounces
 for 150,000 to 170,000 ounces attributable.
 Lower all-in sustainer cost is guided between $12.70 and $14.70 per ounce.
 We view our guidance as incorporating an appropriate allowance for operational issues, which we
 We expect to have less of in 2022.
 Let's see.
 That said, we have not allowed for major false majeure events, extended impacts, including
 in those from COVID-19 or other issues.
 Improved production is driven by increasing grades through the stage 2 and 3 pits as shown
 and the image here with grade lifting through the year,
 increasing throughput rate
 Thank you.
 that are previously communicated in our three-year outlook.
 Quarter 1 includes two plan shutdowns, a reline of the tack mill and a reline of the ball
 with lower plan utilisation in this quarter.
 Our opportunistic use of the re-handle fleet, as we've seen in the December quarter, is
 is likely to continue into 2022, with most movement being brought forward from future
 years which has been factored into our all in sustaining cost guidance bringing forward this
 total material movements, it allows for greater processing flexibility, it provides a buffer
 as well as some of the industry headwinds currently being expected in Western Australia,
 including labour availability, supply chain concerns,
 and potential COVID-related starting disruptions to mining.
 Schooling believes the green air resource was completed during the quarter, assay results
 of still a Y-sip for three hulls.
 When all results will receive a full assessment of the updated geological model be undertaken
 before determining our next steps.
 The note from this long section shows that September 2021 ore reserve at 1.1 million
 Now it's an increase.
 The long section also shows the upper pit mineral resource
 as it was communicated in December 2020.
 and the underground resource is communicated at February 2021.
 Both of these resources will be updated
 as part of an annualised reporting cycle in February.
 in 2022.
 We anticipate.
 So.
 We've seen a transition between the aquapid and underground resources pushing deeper given
 and the steep and thick slopes reported
 in the recent reserve update.
 Referring to the next slide, if we move on and look at our balance sheets and test position.
 remain debt-free and cash and equivalents
 It's lifted to $135.5 million.
 In October, we paid a fully frank dividend for the six months to the 30th of June 2021.
 the cash flow waterfall summarises movements
 for cash equivalents over the quarter.
 It is worth noting the gain on a short investment
 with the flow consolidated during the quarter of $3.6 million.
 free cash flow was 15.7 million
 before the gain on Apollo shares
 and payment of the interim demand.
 I will now hand over to Andrew to talk through the exploration update.
 Thanks Duncan.
 The Discovery team continue to focus their efforts on systematic and targeted
 effects.
 of it.
 prospects within the southern project area of the Umana project.
 In 2021, the team achieved a significant amount of drilling
 with over 155,000 metres of air core, 36,000 metres of RC and 8,000 metres of diamond completed.
 While exploration was encouraging progress from prospects such as Earl, Waffler, Abydos,
 As with most of the exploration sector, we are still awaiting assay results from most
 through the drilling completed in the December quarter.
 However, early results received at date have been encouraging.
 A budget of $30 million has been allocated to the Discovery Project for 2022, which is
 slightly less in the final 2021 budget spend.
 2022 will see an increased rate of RC and diamond drilling as the company focuses on
 the drill testing.
 the numerous regolith gold anomalies and mineralized trends defined by air
 or an RC in the last six to 12 months.
 There is currently an RT rig on site as I speak, and a dyno rig will be remobilizing shortly.
 A further two aircore rigs are also expected soon.
 Today, we announced a 70% increase in our 100% owned Umana resources.
 They now total half a million ounces at an average grade of 2.44 grams per tonne gold
 and includes an increase to the Gilmore resource of 40,000 ounces,
 which includes a small underground component or if that applies the sense of the Gilmore
 Resource Reports to the Indicated Category at a healthy grade of 6.55 grams per tonne
 Maiden inferred open pit resources declared for smoke, bush and warbler, and an increase
 of 30,000 ounces at the Renegade Resource located just north of the Golden Highway.
 As you will note, the bulk of the resources are located in close proximity to each other
 in the southern project area
 and show potential to be incorporated into any future standalone processing
 operation in this area.
 Looking at the southern project area in a little more detail now, we continue to push
 forward with our exploration efforts within this area.
 These completed in the Southern Projects area have highlighted several very encouraging
 and large areas of regos anomalism and fibreble geology.
 From this several priority targets are emerging, in particular these include, at Waffler we
 We completed an RT program at this four-kilometer-long regular anomaly, and I'm still awaiting most
 of these results.
 In addition, we completed another phase of air core waffle light that continues to show
 strong drilling results in the regolith, which will need to be followed up with further RT
 drilling in 2022.
 Follow-up RC drilling.
 Classy drilling at the oil target located southeast of Smokebush along with Smokebush
 Thank you.
 yourself,
 return
 from
 encouraging
 results and these include 17 meters at 1.27 grams gold 15 meters at 1.18 grams
 of tonne gold and 10 meters of 1.05 grams. Further work will include more plant RC and
 I'm drilling.
 Avados, a program of RC drilling was commenced in the December quarter, designed to test
 underneath a four-kilometre-long regular anomaly,
 with results still pending.
 The ARC program will recommence early in early February of this year.
 At Warbler, we completed a program of RC drilling along strike to the northwest of the Maiden
 resource.
 Drilling intersected the same sequence.
 the same sequence of rocks with similar encouraging alterations observed.
 ASA results are still a waste.
 And finally, at Kingston and at the Peekwood Camp,
 Gold Road intends to complete in-fill air core drilling to better understand the large
 anomalies defined in this area by air core drilling in 2021 that brings a
 the expression update and I look forward to any additional questions you might have.
 I will now hand back to Duncan Hughes.
 Thanks, Andrew and Duncan.
 So that brings a close to the results presentation.
 I would now be very happy to answer any questions you may have,
 and I'll hand the call back to Darcy.
 Thank you.
 If you wish to ask a question via the phone, please press star 1 on your telephone and
 wait for your name to be announced.
 If you wish to cancel your request, please press star 2.
 If you're on a speakerphone, please pick up the handset to ask your questions.
 If you wish to ask a question via webcast, please enter it into the Ask a Question box
 and click Submit.
 We have no phone questions at this time.
 time.
 Okay.
 Perhaps we'll start with some Web Pass questions and return to see whether there's any phone
 questions at a later date.
 The first question comes from Robert.
 who's the current leadership of exploration?
 Andrew Cyril is our Exploration Manager, or sorry, our General Manager of Exploration,
 He ran through the exploration announcement on the call.
 Yeah, and our exploration manager is currently James Davis, someone we've promoted internally.
 that he has the right level of expertise as well to hold that role.
 Thank you.
 Another question comes from Jemka, is when do you expect more returns to be delivered
 to shareholders?
 Well, I think Gold Road has a strong track record of creating returns to shareholders
 specifically since.
 to the inception of the company.
 of course we're one of the few companies
 that have come up into production
 pay a dividend and no debt, and having commenced to pay a dividend, I expect to keep doing
 that and I think
 the exploration results that we've
 got at the moment are quite encouraging
 obviously still
 We're not there yet to be able to develop a second mining operation on half a million
 But, you know, some of the scale of the GPM anomalies that will be actively RC and diamond
 trail testing this year put us in a pretty good shape
 to progress those forward
 and with the objective of developing a second mining operation.
 Another question from Michael from Euros, Hartleys.
 could you please
 at one, the expected
 grade and throughput for calendar year 2022 to reach guidance.
 I'll give you rough numbers, Michael.
 So you'd be looking at throughput of somewhere between 9 and 9.5 million tons
 and grade between 1.1 and 1.2.
 that should
 get us there
 but I think as we outlined in the quarterly,
 worth noting that this
 quarter that we're in now because we're doing
 mill re-lines will be softer and
 the grade and throughput will progressively increase
 through the calendar year.
 Question from Robert.
 But Fleetwood was looking very promising.
 What's its current status?
 Beef wood is a bit of an enigma. It is obviously quite a sizeable geochemal anomaly that sits there in both regolith and in sephrolite, lower sephrolite.
 We continue to try to understand, I guess, the source of that, and that's why we plan
 that program this year to actually try to vector into where we think the source of that
 that gold might be.
 question from Tom.
 what is the company guiding
 in terms of gold price for 2022
 and its policy on hedging.
 Yeah, look, we don't, and gold producers don't put out guidance on gold price.
 In terms of our H-book, really our H-book runs through to the end of this year.
 It represents about 25% of production
 and the strategy at the moment is basically to deliver
 into those gold hedges that they've called you.
 the general
 principle of what we do around hedging really is around risk management and the hedging
 that we took on
 was really put in place
 when we knew we had to draw down some debt
 for the construction of crew air.
 obviously with the help Christ
 being substantially higher since the development grew here than what was projected at the time
 of construction
 and when we're in that financing phase,
 We're obviously going to pay down our debt facilities a lot faster than we're going to
 to model that at that point in time.
 So what you can really expect to see, you know, barring some need for drawing down debt
 to grow the business is that we'll continue to deliver into those features as they fall
 Okay.
 now from Sabrina.
 When will a decision be made as to whether a dividend will be paid for the December
 the 21 hop.
 The announcement of nearly dividend obviously follows the final audited accounts and the
 announced with a fake account.
 else.
 expected to come out after our financials are formally reported, and then the board
 is able to determine the dividends at that point in time.
 Our annual results will be released in the last week of March,
 along with our sustainability report.
 A question from Scott.
 Is the company still active in the M&I area?
 Yeah, look, I think it's no secret we've looked at lots of opportunities, obviously,
 Tropicana well publicised and also the more recent, have a look at Apollo, I guess we've
 also access, you know, exercise discipline
 in terms of what we're prepared to pay.
 So, you know, we're still looking for opportunities, but I guess we're also quite disciplined
 that got to create
 value for shareholders
 as not just getting a transaction done.
 Thank you all for your webcast questions.
 so it's the first time we've done that
 and I think that worked really well.
 There's a few other questions I know that we haven't had time to answer on this call.
 will endeavour to answer those that will get back to you
 on those questions in due course.
 I'll just quickly check in with Darcy
 to see if there were any questions from the phone, otherwise I'd like to see if there
 Otherwise, please hand back to me, Darcy.
 We do have a question from Paul Kainer from Ord Minutes.
 Please go ahead.
 yeah
 bye gents
 Thanks.
 any more questions.
 Just on your 22 guidance, would we have a look at that compared to your previous three-year
 guidance which you put out
 in February of last year.
 there's about a 9% to 10% increase in your all-insustaining costs.
 Could you maybe talk specifically what is driving this Delta increase
 and how much is related to inflationary increases?
 yes I think as you're saying there Paul
 know, it's a secret that
 you know, WI is experiencing
 higher costs
 So we've obviously factored those in.
 so they're not
 particularly sort of astronomical, so sort of a few percent is what you need to be considering
 around kind of CPI type levels.
 The other thing probably of note, which I did make commentary on during the presentation,
 is that we're pulling forward mining volumes
 And we're doing that quite consciously, really,
 as a risk mitigation strategy around labour shortages
 and delays from COVID
 or either of those kind of events.
 now of course
 how that exactly pans out during the year
 It will depend on whether any of those risks eventuate and, of course, over the life of
 life.
 We're not actually spending more money.
 it's purely an offset spending that this year rather than in future years in
 in it's tolerating that waste movement.
 So we think that's a proven strategy to really mitigate mining-related risks to production.
 but it does have a consequence
 of contributing to higher all-in sustaining costs during this year.
 The other slight impact on that poll as well is production guidance in terms of ounces
 is down very slightly on our initial outlook,
 and that again is just driven by
 slightly slower progress into those improved gap rates.
 So, obviously, with slightly lower ounces,
 is all and sustained cost per ounce is impacted.
 Yeah, no, I understood it.
 And just to remind me again on the stockpiles you have on site at the moment
 as sort of another contingency to these labor pressures that we're seeing.
 yeah
 Look, I don't have the exact number,
 but at a menorah of magnitude 3, 3.5 million tonnes
 of double stockpoles, they're obviously at lower grade on average than the ROM grade.
 So, you know, they provide a buffer in terms of being able to keep the mill going with
 with any, you know,
 mining-related delays or disruption, but if we rely on those top files, then obviously
 have a negative impact on gold produced.
 Yeah, perfect.
 Now, that's all for me.
 Thanks very much.
 Thanks, Paul.
 Thank you.
 There are no further questions on the phone at this time.
 Thanks, Darcy.
 I'll just close on slide 11.
 Obviously, this is just a summary of our quarter.
 It shows, you know,
 as we outlined, grades and throughput
 increased, and we're still in line with our two-year outlook.
 Gold Road's attributable resources are now lifted
 It's now lifted to 4.7 million ounces thanks to the impact from Yamana.
 We see continued encouragement at expiration, and we're excited now the rigs are returning
 to site.
 A balance sheet is strong, and I'm very happy that cash and equivalents grew by quite considerable
 them out during the quarter.
 Thanks everyone for attending and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter.
 Thank you.