 Good morning. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Grupo Stavieri Self-Works 2021 on this call.
 We apologize for the delay.
 This is about the target, pressure, and IRO.
 A slide presentation will accompany today's webinar, which is available in the Investor
 of the Grupo's Oriental Investor Relations website.
 Today's conference call is in return.
 As a reminder, all participants will be engaged in only more.
 There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today's presentation.
 If you want to ask a question, you need to be connected to a Zoom platform from an UI.
 We will not be able to take your questions if you are connected from a talkback.
 Also, please make sure your name and last name appear in the Zoom platform you are using.
 To ask a question by voice, please press the raise your hand button located in the Zoom platform and press raise your hand and aim to withdraw your question.
 You can also send questions in written form via the Q&A box in the Zoom platform anytime during the call.
 We would ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up, and then you can raise your hand again in another round.
 Speaking during today's call will be Patricio Superbiel, our Chairman and CEO, Atilio Ederomaini, Board Member Leading Grupo Superbiel Sustainability Strategy, and Maria Noviglia, our Chief Financial Officer.
 also joining us
 and Alejandro Spengler
 second right term of the word
 and Mancillo and Jorge Ramírez
 first by the Chairman of the Board,
 Alejandra Notton, board member of several Fruits Post-Suburbide subsidiaries, will also be joining us for today's call.
 All will be available for the Q&A session.
 As a reminder, today's call will contain forward-looking statements, which are based on management, current expectations, and beliefs, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.
 And I refer you to a forward-looking statement section of our earnings release and recent
 findings with ESG.
 We assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to respect new or change plans for its costs.
 Today, Mariano Viglia, our CFO, will start the call discussing our performance, our reporter, and our near-term output.
 Patricia Superviela,
 nuestra hermana is here,
 will follow with an update
 on our main terms for the safety issues.
 Afterwards, Atidabelo Mining will provide an overview of the key elements of our ESD
 for this young folks.
 Mariano Villa, please find us a love for you, sir.
 Thank you, Anna. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today.
 returns to the life
 work of our learning presentation.
 While we saw a rebound in economic activity to pre-pandemic levels this quarter, we continue to operate under challenging market conditions.
 with high inflation, negative real interest rates, and industry loans at historical lows, and growing below inflation.
 In addition, central bank regulations continue to wait on the NIM.
 We delivered sequentially improved results, reporting an attributable loss of 60 million pesos in third Q21, compared to 348 million pesos in the prior quarter.
 It was mainly driven by lower loan loan provisions, reflecting our strong underwriting and collection
 policies, along with the pick-up in economic activities.
 Don't worry for Asian expenses.
 also contributed to his performance, but we continue to resign our branch network to accelerate
 and run up.
 efficiency and executing
 our digital and channel transformation strategy.
 Our comparable efficiency ratio, excluding non-recurring severance payments and early retirement charges,
 Improved to 71% this quarter from 72% in the second quarter.
 also significantly impacted by a low revenue base.
 Looking at the past 9 months of the year and fulfilling non-recurrenting charges, you'll
 expenses were down nearly 7% year-on-year.
 We also maintain a solid capital base with a GR1 ratio of 14.1% at quarter-end, and a truly
 We'll see you.
 Navigate the current department and implement our strategic transformation.
 Patricio will provide shortly an update of our progress on our Digital and Channel Transformation Agenda,
 for the Palletidium
 will present our key ESG milestones and goals.
 Now please turn to slide 5.
 We expanded our loan book by 5% sequentially, growing about industry levels and recovering
 market share.
 growth was mainly driven by higher mandatory credit lines towards the need which rose to a
 a panel of nearly 20 people pesos
 accounting for over 30% of total loans this quarter, from the penalty of 14 billion pesos in the prior quarter.
 Short-term financing to corporate also contributed to loan growth, along with a strong origination in personal loans, which reached a record high in October.
 U.S. total of loans in original currency in turn declined 10% sequentially.
 Now moving to funding on plastics.
 The loan-to-deposit ratio remains relatively stable quarter-on-quarter
 at 63% with liquidity at solid levels.
 As for the force is increasing the height single-digit sequentially
 Driven mainly by institutional funding from liquidity management and corporate checking accounts.
 Court deposits were stable, quarter or quarter.
 Dollar deposits in original currency were at 1.5% sequentially, accounting for the
 might be over 11% of total deposits.
 Turn into slide 7.
 MIM contracted 2 percentage points to 17% from 19% in the second quarter.
 While GDP growth returns to a pre-pandemic level, allowing us to capture some down-growth,
 over where this man remains weak.
 Then, together with a lower yield,
 when inflation-linked mortgage loans,
 given the desaturation in the price index and regulatory controls continue to exert pressure on it.
 turning to other quantity on slide A
 Our strong enterprising and collection policies, together with improved economic conditions,
 allows us to release a portion of the COVID-19 specific provisions created last year.
 As a result, loan loss provisions declined to $1.4 billion from $2 billion in the prior quarter.
 In turn,
 because of risk net
 improved to 3.5%
 from 5.7%
 in the second quarter.
 At quarter-end, COVID-19 anticipatory provisions amounted to ₹1.6 billion versus ₹2.4 billion
 as of June 30.
 Our total provisioning ratio stood at 6.6% in September, above the pre-pandemic level of 6.4% posted in January 2020.
 The total NPR ratio for the quarter increased 20 meters points sequentially to 5.5%,
 but declined after peaking to 5.5% in July.
 The sequential increase was mainly driven by the consumer finance segment.
 As anticipated, we saw an increase in delinquency and installments who are due up to the expiration
 of the great period, with the consumer finance and yield ratio reaching a peak of nearly
 30.
 When signing delinquency, we have timers of credit policies that you do, so that you
 originate alone have a better writing.
 The letter extends, NTL also increased to 5.1% from 2.2% at the bank's personal loan segment
 After the exploration of the great field and the mandatory reclassification of customers
 performing with superviens, but non-performing with other banks.
 by contract corporate SMEs and bank credit card
 of the sequential improvement in MPLS ratios.
 stay nice
 although Cagan's
 suspended due to sustained limited disability
 It's night night.
 are used as the main drivers of our business for the remainder of the year and 2026.
 Starting with respect to denominated loans, we expect to see a growth in line or below inflation in 2021, both commercial and consumer loans, and above inflation in 2022.
 We don't expect to end the year with deposits growing above inflation, fostered by effects
 restrictions, and to a lower extent by interest rate scores in time deposits.
 we expect the bosses to continue
 and above inflation driven by the same trend.
 with respect to others' quality and participation,
 MPLs leave this border and are expected to remain stable of the crime in following borders.
 We will expect coverage to decline as COVID-19 provisions are used for rebarred.
 costa ruido,
 in turn, is expected to be below 2020 and 2019 levels, but in line with historical levels of
 five to six percent.
 In terms of margins, for the remainder of the year of 2022, we expect NIMS to remain
 at the end of the year.
 by higher cost of funds
 resulting from the impact of the plural interest rates on time-deposits and subsidized rate-run loans.
 This would be partially upset by higher inflation, together with credit demand, anticipating
 a higher inflation.
 that money we have for historical loans.
 First enough, and I need such expenses.
 a light angel
 growth and inflation, while also
 reflecting additional structure and costs and expenses as well as healthcare on the
 from the execution of our digital and channel presiding.
 Higher turnover taxes and the extension of the turnover tax rates to the banks and reposts in the city of one-sided will continue to negatively impact expenses.
 At the same time, the income is expected to grow in line with inflation.
 Finally, we continue to expect capital and liquidity to remain at a comfortable level
 Supporting Don't Terms Sustainability.
 As I was said earlier, 100% of our capital is hedge against inflation.
 Now let me turn the call to Francisco Superviel, who will provide an update on our strategic
 plan.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you Mariano
 You heard Mariano present our financial results and views for the remainder of the year in 2022.
 In this challenging context, we remain fully focused on advancing on our transformation
 instruction.
 transformation of our branch channels
 using best-in-class technologies to facilitate self-service banking and expand
 at any reach to the vision of everywhere and anytime banking.
 digitized
 customers have increased consistently
 over the past two years and were up 76% since March last year.
 Keeping a strong focus on the customer experience, we recently deployed an upgraded version of the bank's mobile app, rated 4.4 in the Play Store and 4.3 in the App Store.
 with the successful performance of our
 virtual hub mvps for individuals in the province of funds and with
 We are starting to scale this hybrid model to other regions and segments and expanding
 our footprints while
 offering us the video
 customer experience
 combining the strength of our face-to-face approach
 with a high efficiency of a very full hub.
 This also allows us to expand our footprints through our national territory without needing
 practice.
 And fourth, in the past four months, we modernized and expanded services to SMEs and related
 segments in 11 branches
 that were previously solely dedicated to senior citizens
 and we expect to convert four additional branches to multi-segment format before year end.
 Now please turn to slide 11.
 We'll be right back.
 At the same time, we have been introducing technological innovation at our senior stages
 and branches facilitated in self-service banking for this customer segment which was the least
 advanced in terms of digital adoption.
 Let me share some examples of the success of these initiatives.
 To allow for extended banking hours and higher efficiencies, we enlarge our 24-hour lobbies,
 increasing the number of biometric cash dispensers located in these lobbies.
 As of September cash-September dispensers in 24-hour lobbies accounted for 53% of total cash-dispensers
 have put around 24% before the pandemic and nearly 40% a year ago.
 As a result, the number of transactions as human traders declined sharply to 2% of total transactions from 11% a year ago and 22% before the pandemic.
 We are also seeing
 continuous adoption of our
 teachers are
 digital
 app
 dedicated to sin-sist
 90 days logged in customers through the app, increasing over 144% when compared to first Q20.
 Please jump to size 12.
 As you can see, we are also advancing on the right sizing of our branch network.
 The introduction of best-in-class technologies to extend service hours
 facilitating self-service banking in some branches, while converting others to full-service
 format is allowing us to enhance customer service and productivity. As a result, we
 killed one branch in second
 quarter and plan to close another 16 between the remainder of 2021 and next year, subject
 to central bank authorization.
 These initiatives have allowed us to lower headcount by nearly 6% year-on-year.
 Please now turn to slide 13.
 Our IT infrastructure strategy includes creating an API environment to accelerate service development and time-to-market to transform our customer journey.
 in the first
 Nine months of the year, we added a total of 95 ACIs and plan to add another 153 by the end of 2022.
 We are also advancing on the implementation of a data lake to become a data-driven enterprise
 while migrating technology to a hybrid
 multi-cloud to provide the
 its ability to grow efficiently.
 by October 20
 In October, 20% of our technology was already migrated to the cloud, and we expect to reach 30% by year end, with 70% of our technology anticipated to be migrated to the cloud by the end of year 2024.
 for. Please
 Now turn to page 14.
 we are also
 making progress
 on deploying our growth strategy
 for you do
 and you do
 services
 Next week, we are formally launching YouTube mobile retail digital savings accounts
 that will enable us to grow our current data and attract low-cost funding at this subsidiary.
 after a successful soft launch
 in last August.
 you do have already opened
 230,000 accounts among current customers.
 U2 clients also have access to a wide range of digital banking services, insurance and wellness offerings.
 and we will continue adding new features and services in the coming months.
 We also have made progress in our goal of diversifying revenue origination beyond Argentina
 by deploying well-being and health services
 under the B2C or B2B2C format in certain countries, in LATAM excluding Brazil.
 We are in this sense advancing with Group of Assistants and Europe Assistance to implement
 Group of Assistants and Europe.
 quarter 2022 B2C
 well-being and health services
 in Paraguay.
 The offering will consist of health, dentistry, pharmacy, medical emergency, and veterinary service.
 This will be marketed through the YouDo Wellness Marketplace, which will host a variety of
 wellness services and the white platform
 offering customers a simple and convenient
 and simple experience.
 Additional information to the progress of our digital KPIs and a more detailed description of all these initiatives and timelines can be found at the back of our earnings call presentation.
 In summary, while we saw improved activity in the water, near-term profitability is expected to remain impacted by overall weak credit demand, pressure, and needs, together with the costs and investments required to continue building our ecosystem and execute our transformation strategy.
 This strategy consists of us to retain and enhance our current customer relationships
 while attracting new digital clients and driving operation increases in the longer term when demand resumes.
 Now, before opening the call to Q&A, then we turn the call to Attila de Loro, one of our board members,
 I'm responsible for leading our ESG strategy, who will provide an update of our initiatives and ambitions on this front.
 Atiyo, please go ahead.
 thank you
 Patricio
 At Grupo Superarreal, we understand the need for a more long-term and more sustainable view of shareholder value creation.
 And so, not long ago, a more philanthropic vision prevailed in our corporate social responsibility
 As of 2019, CSR is integrated into the group's co-business through a responsible management model oriented towards sustainability.
 CSR is no longer a goal for contribution per year to NGOs.
 it is a way of doing business
 we believe that how
 not just what matters in the business value creation process.
 this new phase, we have assumed
 a commitment to growth
 sustainable
 protecting the environment and pursuing our business strategy in a socially responsible manner.
 We believe that enhanced disclosure of non-financial information such as environmental, social, and governance-related factors
 satisfies the growing demand for an alignment of corporate financial performance with the
 the company's performance in non-financial factors.
 To the level of our ESG strategy, we have defined our billers and commitments
 to the level of our ESG strategy.
 on slide 50.
 In slide 16, we present our ESG recent and most relevant highlights.
 In terms of our environmental responsibility, we work to reduce the impact of our operations on the environment by implementing a responsible environmental management system.
 We have been measuring our carbon footprint since 2019 and we compensate our greenhouse emissions to protect forest ecosystems.
 Renewable energy represents 14% of total energy consumption in our deserts.
 In addition, we have implemented a plastic waste management program to eliminate single-use plastics,
 and we have reduced paper consumption by 46% compared with 2019.
 Note that 75% of the paper consumed maternity is responsible for the source paper to protect forest ecosystems.
 In connection with social responsibility, we focus on financial education, which is the
 years of financial inclusion.
 More than
 88,000 seniors
 citizens' clients
 attended. This is
 literacy and financial education
 some programs
 conducted in alliance with
 21
 or
 universities, you know, seven
 programmers and the city of water science.
 95% of transactions are conducted through our digital and automated channels.
 Diversity is also a key aspect of our social responsibility.
 In 2021, we launched a comprehensive program to promote a diverse and inclusive work culture.
 We also work on more than 26 corporate philanthropy programs.
 we focus on
 adaptation
 childhood, senior people
 anesthetic strengthening
 initiatives.
 With respect to our responsibility with good governance, we believe a robust corporate finance is key for guaranteeing a stable business model over the long term.
 Ernst & Young recently conducted a risk regulatory assessment and verified 97% compliance with
 inventory of obligations
 The area of compliance monitors the correction prevention program at our whist of law in
 hotline
 allows employees
 suppliers and clients to report any malpractice, unlawful or unethical behavior.
 We have defined quantifiable metrics for our sustainability initiatives.
 On slide 17, you will see the key and most relevant ESG course for 2024.
 In relation to our environmental responsibility, we have set the following goals.
 We will continue to measure our carbon footprint, set in a goal of 6% reduction and 50% carbon compensation to protect millinery forests.
 and, on the other hand,
 a target of 45% of our total portfolio screened and analyzed through our environmental and social risk policy.
 With respect to our social responsibility, we have set the following goals.
 33% of women is senior executive processionist by 2024, and 120,000 people attending are
 and accessibility to teaching programmes.
 Finally, our responsibility with governance goals include publishing fully integrated
 and building the system.
 and Artificial Reports by 2023.
 prepared according to the Global Reporting Initiative, and in addition we aim to have
 100% of our strategic suppliers
 that maintain a self-regulation
 for us in compliance
 with our policies related to human rights, diversity and governance practice.
 Thank you, Adilio. At this time, we will be conducting the question-and-answer session. As a reminder, to ask a question, you need to be connected to the Zoom platform.
 We will not be able to take your questions if you are connected from a phone line to ask a question by voice.
 please pray to raise your hand
 and press it again to withdraw your question.
 and they are not subscranted,
 in written form via the QLA box.
 We will ask you to limit yourself to one question and follow up after this.
 to a moment what we thought was like.
 The first question comes from Ernesto Gabilondo at Bank of America.
 please go ahead
 and they stop
 Thank you, Anna.
 Good morning, Patricio, Mariano, Battilio.
 So good morning, everyone.
 And thank you for your presentation and for the opportunity.
 my first question is on
 the political outlook in Argentina
 after the midterm elections
 I would like to know which do you think are the key challenges ahead and if you
 seeing there
 like potential key dates
 that we should do following.
 So that's my first question.
 well
 First of all, there was a clear win of the opposition, and what I believe that, I mean,
 The President has announced that in December, this December, they will present a multi-year economic program in order to have the approval of Congress.
 effects, more realistic also effects levels in order to enhance export-oriented industries
 and to
 strengthen the
 the reserves of the central bank.
 I
 what is not
 you get really clear
 is whether
 um
 there is a clear line in the government in order to make this, let's say, a commitment for this economic plan,
 we will see this is where it is
 going to be an interesting period
 but I think
 that they want to have a lessening of expenditures,
 public expenditures and reduction of self-studies and so on.
 So this is, I think, what we are looking for.
 I don't know if you want to add something, Alejandro, on that.
 I think you've hit on most of the points, Alicia.
 as you said
 and it's key to understand what the scope and the depth of the agreement with the IMF would be,
 and going back to Ernesto's question
 And as to date, I think that you should follow carefully these talks to be able to establish
 when an agreement is reached.
 Thank you so much.
 Then just a second question on the fintech competitive landscape.
 I will appreciate it if you can share with us
 Who do you see as the main players?
 The one I have on top of my mind is Uala.
 and how do you think
 you will
 and your new digital initiatives
 are against the other
 syntax.
 Okay.
 um
 I think that
 I mean,
 And Voila basically is focusing on providing solutions for people who don't have bank accounts
 and they are giving a value proposition on that.
 and
 but
 the
 the big problem is that
 they don't have
 deposits
 No, this is the reason why now they are applying for a banking license.
 In order to reach scale in Argentina, you need to have a license to get the cartridge.
 And you can see this, for instance, if you look at the sites of the funds that were collected by Mercado Pago in relation to the fund industry,
 is
 nearly irrelevant
 and they've been working on this
 so this is an
 this is an extreme example
 that the
 let's say only
 working with
 the transactionality
 as a
 music player
 in Argentina
 is not
 it's not
 they don't
 They're not able to reach, they need to have, let's say, a bank license in order to become a player in Argentina
 because of the restrictions we have in Argentina.
 In the case of YouDo, YouDo is transforming itself from a consumer finance operation,
 Almost fully focused in providing financial services, credit cards and personal loans to people, customers who come to the Walmart, Tango Mass supermarket stores.
 to us now
 full digital service
 And our main goal now will be to attract deposits, retail deposits.
 And this will have a significant impact for us to, I believe, to lower our cost of funds
 and to have a much more sustainable business.
 and I hope
 And I think it will impact a lot in the overall net income revenue of Antarctica creation
 and our group of SuperVL.
 I don't know if you want to add something on FinTechs and if I'm going to...
 I think you mentioned the key issue of funding and access to funding.
 I also think that you do have
 done a terrific job
 enhancing customer experience
 and putting together a very superior product offering.
 And I think those two things combined with the strength of the funding capability would make a very strong positioning in the market in the next quarters.
 Thank you, Patricio and Alejandro.
 Pretty helpful.
 and
 we
 The next question comes from Gabriel Nóbrega and Siti.
 Hello, good morning, Gabriel.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Sorry about that.
 I'm starting something I call disabilities.
 So thank you for the opportunity to ask questions.
 My first question is actually on loan demand.
 And if you could elaborate further, what's driving this from higher demand, which we're seeing?
 I know that you're saying in your press release that it's undue to the government programs focused on the SMEs.
 but I just wanted to understand
 And if you think that we are at an inflection point where loan demand isn't going to start increasing,
 And then how are you going to be able to control your adverse selection in this scenario?
 and ask the second question afterwards.
 Thank you.
 okay
 we have
 I mean, Gabriel, it's real that we are in a very low point of low demand,
 that it's on demand
 and we believe that it has
 mainly to do with the lack of
 business confidence and also consumer confidence.
 So, we need these signals to reignite the known demand.
 having said that
 there are certain particular enterprises that are export-oriented
 and they continue to perform well in the economy
 and they are asked, I mean, we continue to serve them
 with different kinds of credit, particularly pre-export financing.
 Also,
 there are enterprises
 is that take advantage of us.
 It helps it as long as to take leading lines
 where we are very strong in leading
 in order to replace the equipment.
 but
 and for
 individuals, if
 I think it's a shame problem.
 very lack of appetite for long demand, what we see eventually is an interest in car financing
 because people see in Argentina today cars to be a protection of values.
 So, used card financing is driving a certain number of loans at the bank level and also at you do.
 I don't know if you want to add on that.
 for Alejandro
 Oh, basically I would mention that what we've seen during most of the pandemic
 until there was a turning point in which the economy started to pick up,
 was that the working capital of most of SMEs and corporates
 has been going down. So there is an effect of replenishing working capital as the economy
 big stuff and that's basically what we are supporting.
 In terms of the adverse selection, which I believe is the second part of your question,
 we're focusing on
 on the period
 on our own tracks
 and helping them take off and regain much of the economic activity.
 and manufacturers were seeing that the level of economic activity
 is backed with pre-pandemic levels, and in some sectors even beyond that.
 So the first focus is on trends that we know, on sectors which we've operated on,
 and the value chains that we've worked in.
 The other focus is really supporting a pickup in some export-oriented sectors.
 For example, meat packing, which are really picking up
 and are showing good progress, too.
 So we believe that there is significant room for growth from, as Aditya pointed out, very low credit penetration levels.
 are given to individuals that collect their salaries in the bank.
 it's around 70% of all
 personal financing
 and
 is
 is with, you know, with
 debiting their accounts at the bank.
 So these also lowers, let's say, an adverse selection.
 And for enterprises, for corporations, I also say, in addition to what Alejandro mentioned,
 is that we continue to do a lot of cash flow-based financing,
 which is
 by itself, you know, it's a way of controlling risk.
 but
 Inflection point, I think we need to wait a truly inflection point.
 I think we will reach it
 in 2023 with a political change, is my opinion.
 All right, that's very clear.
 Thank you.
 And I actually have a follow-up from the previous question on the Fintech landscape.
 I understand you
 talked about Walla and
 What I wanted to understand is that you have around 500,000 digital customers, but when
 When you compare with Mwala, they already issued more than 2 million prepaid cards.
 And so I wanted to understand here, is there a strategy from you to grow slower, be a number
 of them clients, maybe try to monetize them faster.
 Or are you still aiming at adding clients in a faster manner in the coming quarters?
 You won't try.
 Yes, you know, one thing that you have to bear in mind when you look at these figures,
 is whether these operations are making money or not
 and how long it will take to monetize all these customer acquisitions.
 What we've seen in financial services is just recruiting science is not enough to be able to have a sustainable strategy over time.
 This is why we emphasize in our strategy the ability of having the right funding, particularly in the Argentine environment.
 And secondly, try to have a principle or an integral relationship across selling several products.
 this segment with
 this more comprehensive view
 And we aim absolutely at having this relationship of, you know, several products with the right funding to be able to drive growth.
 We believe that the cost-to-income proportion would be much better
 and that the leverage we can have on our capital over the deposit base that we will capture
 will allow us to scale
 adequately with
 with a very efficient model.
 All right. Thank you so much.
 Thank you, Gabrielle.
 our next question
 comes from Rodrigo
 Néstor From Air Partners
 Hello, Rodrigo. Go ahead.
 good morning
 and thank you
 for the opportunity.
 I have a question
 regarding the income tax rate
 if you could explain part of the reasons behind the highly effective tax rate and what should we
 expect going forward and then have
 a follow up
 Mariano
 don't do what you're going out of here.
 Yes, I can comment on that.
 hello Rodrigo
 for the income tax
 Ray, we have
 too many sources
 with such a greasy, effective tax rate,
 The statutory income tax rate is 35%, but there are certain differences between the statutory
 the statutory income statement and the income statement for tax return.
 The main differences arise from the value of fixed assets acquired before 2015.
 that are permanent, so they create an increase in cost as the income for income tax purposes
 is higher than our profit before income tax in our statutory income statement.
 And second, and probably more important,
 have to do with
 We refer tax assets and tax laws carry forward which they are not according to the income tax law.
 they are not adjusted and they don't accrue any interest.
 So we have, mainly as you do, we have 1.2 billion pesos in the fair tax assets and tax costs carried forward, and these assets lose value over time with inflation.
 so that's
 local value
 as it relates to income tax
 according to IFRS is recognized in the in-contact line item.
 So that increases the charge in the income classifying item and creates, in turn, a higher
 effective tax rate.
 Both effects have a larger impact when profit before income gets slower than we had as last year
 profit differ in capital or billion pesos, this impact would only increase the digestive
 That's right.
 35% to 40%.
 when probably before
 income tax is over, it has a greater impact and it will turn it up to 100% eventually.
 Okay, thank you.
 And then, if I may, I have a more strategic question, maybe to Patricio.
 I would like to know very briefly what makes him more enthusiastic about the future of
 the industry and what concerns me the most about today's Argentina banking system.
 Well, I think that
 the financial
 the financial industry
 is bearing
 is varying the
 the cost of
 of an economy
 which is not in a clear room
 and the...
 But, of course, what worries me is that, let's say, our main business, which is providing
 knows
 the
 architecture
 um
 I don't know
 how
 has diminished over the last three years.
 and you can see this in the
 to the positive ratio, which is a minimum in historic levels, and I think it reflects
 what is happening in the financial industry as a whole.
 the black of demand
 and
 also
 There's another aspect which also worries me is there is lack of savings.
 So,
 uh,
 you know,
 And the lack of savings has also to do with the absolute lack of confidence in our currency.
 We have a confidence problem.
 we need to get
 gear sickness for investment,
 clear sickness, sickness for deregulation, clear sickness for export industries, clear
 for having an
 cleaning room
 in that
 in the monetary
 I mean, in monetary policies in order to have a currency that, I mean, that basically it gets to lower inflation.
 The parcel enthusiastic.
 How?
 For me?
 the first question was
 what makes you enthusiastic
 I think how basically is related to, let's say, if I think if there is a, what we have seen on the political side now,
 I think it's a request of the society to have a more pro-market political economy.
 and I hope that
 they will
 I mean, the government will hear these requests of the society to have a more pro-market stance.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Rodrigo.
 Our next question comes from Juan Ricardo Sinistra Calde at Scotiabank.
 Good morning, Juan.
 Go ahead.
 Hi, good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking my question. I have two questions.
 One is related to NIM and the second one related to the international expansion.
 so in themselves
 of NIMH, you mentioned that you expect NIMH pressure
 to continue
 given the low
 long demand and regulations
 so my question
 there is
 Does this court
 reflect the full way you lay
 regulatory pressure
 or can we expect NIM to go down in the coming quarters?
 And related to that, how is the bank working to limit the nymph pressure?
 and the second question
 related to international expansion.
 can you help us
 understand the strategy
 for expanding outside
 Argentina
 are there
 any goals that you can
 share with us and
 also can
 can the bank
 free
 can the group freely move
 capital outside the country with the current
 regulations?
 okay
 Okay.
 Let's first answer about the names.
 Mariano will help
 but simply I would like to state that there is a pressure,
 there's a continuous pressure of names
 and mainly to do
 with the punitive
 revelations of the central
 bank, but also
 It has a lot to do with the lack of demand of loans.
 When a loan resumes, it will help us, definitely, and to, to, to, let's say, to have better names.
 but that you want to
 you want to answer the first question
 Sure, Patricio.
 Hello, Juan.
 well in effect
 this quarter we are seeing the full impact of central bank regulations and also an adverse
 of our economic environment.
 That's all we have.
 very negative interest rates
 with the leagues
 30% interest rate equals 30.5%, and that compares with an inflation of more than 50% last
 on the mind.
 leave
 this leads also to a very low credit demand and in that environment we have regulated
 floors for time deposits, because we would normally lower the interest rate on time deposits,
 in the body, so he might probably give a
 friends.
 So it's a very challenging environment, and we are seeing definitely the pulling back of it in this quarter.
 But as you can see, we have the lowest team in the last five quarters.
 regarding the second part of your question,
 what we can do
 to sustain and
 increased
 at the
 in the future, we aim to not regulate the time deposits, but mainly, for instance, in
 in
 say
 accounts and corporate coverage accounts, we have increased the average
 of corporate companies that account this quarter, and we are seeing that also in the first month
 of the fourth quarter.
 So, that is very important.
 Also, then, we need to increase our loan portfolio as credit demand resumes.
 We've seen in the last quarter, particularly the third year, we saw a growth of 5% in real
 So we're getting a bit of market share there, and it's still mandatory, so it doesn't have
 still a very large
 positive income in NIM, but it's still a long road where we replace central bank instruments
 Bye.
 loans to the private sector, and that's what we intend to do in the future, and we expect
 2022 to the area
 where we
 we
 resume growth about inflation, and that will lead us to increase news.
 In terms of the international expansion that we want to pursue beyond Argentina, I mean
 recreating revenues beyond Argentina
 you do
 services
 which is basically a platform to deliver health services and also services,
 well-being services to individuals, we will start deploying, we've reached agreements with two companies,
 Europe Assistance and Assistir is an Argentine company that provides health services
 and Europe's systems is more geared to well-being services in the home of an individual.
 With both companies, we've reached an agreement to start deploying in
 in the second quarter of
 of 2022
 and
 basically what they are doing is
 They are.
 there will be
 funding
 they will be providing that
 commercial, I mean, commercial funding
 and
 which
 this
 it's
 This is basically
 We will use this funding in order to deploy digital marketing, in order to attract customers.
 and it's going to be like
 our first
 Richard in
 in Latin America, beyond Argentina.
 and from there on we can
 We plan to continue to go to other countries.
 It's a business that, I mean, our goal there, our goal in the user ratios is in three years from now to, let's say, to have 200,000 customers in five countries.
 they are
 a million customers
 in fear
 what we plan to get
 and
 this is basically
 just to give you an idea
 In Argentina, with the same lines of businesses, we already have 320,000 customers that we developed providing these services.
 So we believe that we can reach that
 and get revenue
 beyond Argentina
 then for
 Invertil Online
 in vertino 9
 is
 We are working on a business stand.
 We already said that we requested an authorization in the Central Bank of Uruguay
 to pursue a regional, to provide regional investment services for in Latin America,
 excluding Brazil
 particularly for the
 providing services, investment services in the U.S. market.
 and so we are working on
 the technology
 technological
 you'll
 that form to deliver this from Uruguay, with this license of your proper license in Uruguay.
 and in addition to
 in that is
 we
 the other two
 to start
 deployment, we already
 you have.
 five million dollars
 that are already in a holding out of Argentina.
 So basically,
 dividends
 that's where
 Phoenix
 from
 he was here online
 Argentina.
 and they were based, and basically they are in a holding outside of Argentina,
 And we will start recording this.
 That's wonderful. Thank you.
 Thank you, Juan.
 Juan, our next question comes from San Alejandra Aranda at Itaú.
 Hello, good morning, Alejandra.
 Hi, good morning, and thank you for the opportunity.
 I have two questions if I may
 the first one is related to the cost
 I mean, I was positively surprised by the performance this quarter
 and given that the outlook is challenging on the income side,
 I was wondering what to expect going forward,
 especially given the right sighting that you've been doing.
 okay
 do you want to go on that
 and Mariano.
 Oh,
 What do you prefer?
 I think I'll start with this, Mariano, that's correct.
 Hello Alejandra
 and
 we
 There are also opportunities for enhancing our efficiency.
 many have been triggered by
 the acceleration of the adoption of digital and automated
 channels throughout our branch network.
 The others come from the digital transformation process we've been discussing over the large
 quarters and all these
 point down to a reduction in the total amount of headcount we need to operate and a reduction
 and the total amount of approaches.
 We also see opportunities on the revenue side, because the digital capabilities are giving
 us an opportunity to expand our footprint without actually having to deploy a physical
 branch network.
 So this combination is helping, as you've noticed, and we foresee this event to continue
 around 2022.
 Okay, but in terms of a level of efficiencies that we should be looking at for the next couple of quarters?
 Well,
 you know, you've been
 a 6%
 It's an increase in headcount.
 and I think
 that we would probably be around that level moving forward.
 Okay.
 okay
 mainly in the traffic
 of supermarkets
 and towards
 a digital banking, full digital banking service, and that entails a change of the way we do
 business, even in the, for instance, in the supermarket, the people that are in the supermarket,
 we will
 we will foster a much more, let's say,
 the
 The way clients interact will be much more digital and so we will see in 2022 a substantial
 efficiency in terms of headcount also at YouTube because of this transformation that we are
 working on and
 so you will see this in, you know,
 So overall, we have a significant reduction of headcount in 2022, besides the bank.
 Thank you.
 if I may
 a follow up
 a follow-up on that. I mean there's a huge demand for for for digital jobs and digitally native
 workers
 how are you
 how are you seeing
 the market
 there? How are you competing with the
 and also with the so-called blue labor with other companies from abroad coming
 and taking the opportunity to hire people through Chipswap.
 All right, it's a very good question.
 Alejandro, you need to ask on retention of talent, basically.
 you're quite right
 going to come and it's becoming more
 and more challenging
 and yes we
 we are competing with
 FedEx, with BigTex, and also
 with international companies
 that are hiring
 I'm just trying to tell them
 for work abroad.
 So it is becoming challenging.
 what we've done is
 Basically,
 first
 focus on the key areas
 where we're getting most attrition
 This is basically digital talent, as you pointed out.
 We're working there on value proposition and there are several aspects of the way that
 that we work
 and the
 ability
 to address
 different needs
 the drama
 workforce you had
 under these challenging times.
 So, part of it has to do with adjusting the way we work at the workplace.
 Second, as I mentioned before, the value proposition, adjusting it to market and keeping track on these changes.
 but also introducing other different alternatives in the way in which we compensate and in the way that we motivate.
 Some of these are basically out of focus groups that we do with the teams
 and also require a greater involvement in the digital transformation
 of some of the seniors of the organization
 to help the new talent
 navigate
 so
 We think that this problem will actually become greater over time
 because the transformation we're doing at Superyear is getting more and more visibility.
 so we are getting
 prepared for it and we are
 having
 so far
 good success in retaining
 some of the cases that have been goes forward.
 But it is getting tougher going forward.
 Okay, thank you.
 May I do a third one?
 Yes, sure.
 short one
 what's the minimum level
 that you feel comfortable in terms of coverage.
 I don't know.
 I
 I can comment on that.
 own portfolio, on the mix of that portfolio, looking forward, you know, that there's also
 components of the expected load
 That is the forward-looking part of the model.
 so we are
 we are
 comfortable
 with that network we've got right now.
 we think
 it's
 so
 that's
 way as we thought it was
 other ways to have
 larger coverage in the past, where we had less visibility, and also the automatic re-scrolling was in place.
 So, moving forward, I would expect to probably decrease coverage as we feel comfortable using the COVID-specific provisions that we created during last year.
 Last quarter we had 2.4 billion COVID-specific provisions, now they decreased to 1.6 million,
 and that should decrease in the future, of course, always that the situation gets back to normal.
 Okay, thank you.
 You're welcome.
 Thank you, I just hand it out.
 I thank for all your questions as well.
 we have reached
 to raise
 question and answer session.
 Thank you for joining us today.
 thank you
 for the infancy
 In our company, we look forward to meeting more of you over the coming months and providing
 questions.
 and a business update next quarter.
 in the end
 We remain available to answer any questions that you may have.
 Thank you and stay safe.
 are healthy.