 Good morning. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Grupo Spariel Support 2021 on this call. We apologize for the delay. This is Tana Bartetaghi, Trasher, and IRO. A slide presentation will accompany today's webinar, which is available in the Investor Section of Grupo Spariel's Investor Relations website. Today's conference call is in recorded. As a reminder, all participants will be in this and only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today's presentation. If you want to ask a question, you need to be connected to the Zoom platform from any UI. We will not be able to take your questions if you are connected from a phone call. Also, please make sure your name and last name appear in the Zoom platform you are using. To ask a question by voice, please press the Raise Your Hand button located in the Zoom platform and press Raise Your Hand Again to withdraw your wealth. You can also send questions in written form via the Q&A box in the Zoom platform any time during the call. We will ask you to limit yourself to one question and a follow-up, and then you can raise your hand again in another round. Speaking during today's call will be Patricio Superbiel, our Chairman and CEO, Atilio Evero-Maini, Board Member, Leading Grupo Superbiel Sustainability Strategy, and Mariana Auriglia, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us are Alejandro Spengler, Second Vice Chairman of the Board, and Mancio, and Jorge Ramirez, First Vice Chairman of the Board. Alejandro Alotón, Board Member of Several Fruit Post-Superbiel's Auxiliary, will also be joining us for today's call. All will be available for the Q&A session. As a reminder, today's call will contain forward-looking statements, which are based on management, current expectations, and beliefs, and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. And I refer you to a forward-looking statement section of our earnings beliefs and recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect new or change plans or circumstances. Today, Mariana Auriglia, our CFO, will start the call discussing our performance and reporter at our near-term outlook. Patricio Superbiel, our Chairman and CEO, will follow with an update on our mid-term strategy initiatives. Afterward, Patricio Superbiel will provide an overview of the key elements of our ESG strategy and goals. Mariana Auriglia, Chief Financial Officer. Thank you, Ana. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to slide four of our earnings presentation. While we saw a rebound in economic activity to pre-pandemic levels this quarter, we continue to operate under challenging market conditions, with high inflation, negative real interest rates, and industry loans at historical lows, and growing below inflation. In addition, central bank regulations continue to wave on the name. We deliver sequentially in broke results, reporting an attributable loss of 60 million pesos in third Q21 compared to 348 million pesos in the prior quarter. This was mainly driven by lower loan loss provisions, reflecting our strong underwriting and collection policies, along with a speak-up in economic activity. Lower operating expenses also contributed to its performance, but we continue to reside in our branch network, to accelerate headphone efficiency, and executing our digital and channel transformation strategy. Our comparable efficiency ratio, excluding non-recording severance payments and early retirement charges, improved to 71% this quarter, from 72% in the second quarter, also significantly impacted by a low revenue base. Looking at the past nine months of the year, and excluding non-recording charges, expenses were down nearly 7% year-on-year. We also maintain a solid capital base, with GR1 ratio of 14.1% at quarter-end, and are strongly willing to navigate the current department and implement our strategic transformation. Patricio will provide shortly an update of our progress on our digital and channel transformation agenda, followed by Atizio, who will present our key ESG milestones and goals. Now please turn to slide 5. We expanded our loan book by 5% sequentially, growing above industry levels and recovering market share. Loan growth was mainly driven by higher mandatory credit lines towards the need, which rose to a balance of nearly 20 billion pesos, accounting for over 30% of total loans this quarter, from the balance of 14 billion pesos in the prior quarter. Short-term financing to corporate also contributed to loan growth, along with strong origination in personal loans, which reached a record high in October. Due to total loans in original currency, in turn, declined 10% sequentially. Now, moving to funding on slide 6. The loan-to-deposit ratio remained relatively stable quarter-on-quarter, at 63%, with liquidity at solid levels. High-to-deposits increased in the high single digits sequentially, driven mainly by institutional funding from liquidity management and corporate checking accounts. Core deposits were stable quarter-on-quarter. Dollar deposits in original currency were up 1.5% sequentially, accounting for supply fee over 11% of total deposits. Turning to slide 7. Neem contracted 2 percentage points to 17% from 19% in the second quarter. While GDP growth, returns of pre-pandemic level are low enough to capture some long growth, overall credit demand remains weak. This, together with a lower yield, when inflation-linked mortgage loans, given the exaggeration in the price index and regulatory control, continue to exert pressure on it. Turning to asset quality on slide 8. Our strong underpricing and collection policies, together with improved economic conditions, allowed us to reduce a portion of the COVID-19 specific provisions created last year. As a result, long growth provisions declined to $1.4 billion from $2 billion in the prior quarter. In turn, cost of risk net improved to 3.5% from 5.7% in the second quarter. At quarter-end, COVID-19 anticipatory provisions amounted to $1.6 billion versus $2.4 billion as of June 30. Our total provisioning ratio stood at 6.6% in September, above the pre-pandemic level of 6.4% posted in January 2020. The total NPR ratio for the quarter increased 20 basis points sequentially to 5.5% but declined after peaking to 5.5% in July. The sequential increase was mainly driven by the consumer finance segment. As anticipated, we saw an increase in delinquency and installments who are due up to the expiration of the grace period, with the consumer finance NPR ratio reaching a peak of nearly 21% as quarter-end. To contain delinquency, we have tides of grace policies as you do so that new originated loans have a better rating. To another extent, NPR also increased to 5.1% from 2.2% at the bank's personal loan segment after the expiration of the grace period and the mandatory reclassification of customers performing with superviens but non-performing with other banks. By contrast, corporate SMEs and bank credit cards offset the sequential improvement in NPR ratio. Slide 9. Although cadence remains suspended due to sustained immediate visibility, on slide 9, we share our views on the main drivers of our business for the remainder of the year and 2022. Starting with respect to denominated loans, we expect to see a growth in line or below inflation in 2021, both commercial and consumer loans, and above inflation in 2022. We also expect to end the year with deposits growing above inflation, fostered by tax restrictions and to a lower extent by interest rate stores and time deposits. We expect deposits to continue growing above inflation, driven by the same trend. With respect to access quality as anticipated, NPRs leave this quarter and are expected to remain stable or decline in following quarters. We also expect coverage to decline as COVID-19 provisions are used for rebarred. Cost of relief, in turn, is expected to be below 2020 and 2019 levels, but in line with historical levels of 5-6%. In terms of margins, for the remainder of the year and 2022, we expect NIMS to remain pressured by higher cost of funds, resulting from the impact of the plural interest rates on time deposits and subsidized rates on loans. This would be partially upset by higher inflation, together with credit demand, anticipated to gradually pick up from historical loans. Personal and administrative expenses are likely to grow in inflation, while also reflecting additional restructuring costs and expenses, as well as health-count deficiencies from the execution of our digital and channel reciting. Higher turnover taxes and the extension of the turnover tax rates to the leaks and repos in the city of Buenos Aires will continue to negatively impact expenses. At the same time, the income is expected to grow in line with inflation. Finally, we continue to expect capital and liquidity to remain at a comfortable level, supporting long-term sustainability. As noted earlier, 100% of our capital is hedged against inflation. Now, let me turn on the call to Francisco Superbiel, who will provide an update on our strategic initiatives. Patricio, please go ahead. Thank you, Mariano. You heard Mariano present our financial results and views for the remainder of the year and 2022. In this challenging context, we remain fully focused on advancing on our transformation strategy. Starting with the transformation of our branch channels, using best-in-class technologies to facilitate self-service banking and expand SME reach with a vision of everywhere and anytime banking. First, digitized customers have increased consistently over the past two years and were up 76% since March last year. Second, keeping a strong focus on the customer experience, we recently deployed an upgraded version of the bank's mobile app, rated 4.4 in the Play Store and 4.3 in the App Store. Third, with the successful performance of our virtual hub MVPs for individuals in the province of Fans and Whiz, we're starting to scale this hybrid model to other regions and segments and expanding our footprint while offering a superior customer experience combining the strength of our faith-to-faith approach with a high efficiency of our virtual hub. This also allows us to expand our footprint through our national territory with our needing branches. And fourth, in the past four months, we modernized and expanded services to SME's and related segments in 11 branches that were previously solely dedicated to senior citizens and we expect to convert four additional branches to multi-segment format before year end. Now please turn to slide 11. At the same time, we have been introducing technological innovation at our senior citizens and branches, facilitating self-service banking for this customer segment, which was the least advanced in terms of digital adoption. Let me share some examples of the success of these initiatives. To allow for extended banking hours and higher efficiencies, we enlarge our 24-hour lobbies, increasing the number of biometric cash dispensers located in these lobbies. As of September cash dispensers in our 24-hour lobbies, accounted for 53% of total cash dispensers, up for around 24% before the pandemic and nearly 40% a year ago. As a result, the number of transactions as human traders declined sharply to 2% of total transactions from 11% a year ago and 22% before the pandemic. We are also seeing continued adoption of our digital digital app dedicated in the system to 90 days locked-in customers through the app, increasing over 144% when compared to first few 20. Please turn to slide 12. As you can see, we are also advancing on the right-sizing of our branch network. The introduction of best-in-class technologies to extend service hours, facilitating self-service banking in some branches, while converting others to full-service format, is allowing us to enhance customer service and productivity. As a result, we closed one branch in the second quarter and plan to close another, 16, between the remainder of 2021 and next year, subject to central bank authorization. These initiatives have allowed us to lower headcount by nearly 6% year-on-year. Please now turn to slide 13. Our IT infrastructure strategy includes creating an API environment to accelerate service development and time-to-market to transform our customer journey. In the first nine months of the year, we added a total of 95 APIs and plan to add another 153 by the end of 2022. We are also advancing on the implementation of a data-league to become a data-driven enterprise while migrating technology to a hybrid multi-cloud to provide the flexibility to grow efficiently. By October 20, by October 20% of our technology was already migrated to the cloud and we expect to reach 30% by year end, with 70% of our technology anticipated to be migrated to the cloud by the end of year 2024. Please now turn to page 14. We are also making progress on deploying our growth strategy for UDO and UDO Servicios. Next week, we are formally launching UDO mobile retail digital saving accounts that will enable us to grow our campaign and attract low-cost funding at this subsidiary. After a successful soft launch in last August, UDO has already opened 230,000 accounts among current customers. UDO clients also have access to a wide range of digital banking services, insurance and wellness offerings, and we will continue adding new features and services in the coming months. We also have made progress in our goal of diversifying revenue origination beyond Argentina by deploying well-being and health services under the B2C or B2B2C format in certain countries in LATAM, excluding Brazil. We are, in this sense, advancing with Grupo Assistir and Bureau of Assistance to implement in second quarter 2022 B2C well-being and health services in Paraguay. The offering will consist of health, dentistry, pharmacy, medical emergency, and veterinary services. Services will be marketed through the UDO wellness marketplace, which will host a variety of wellness services on the one platform, offering customers a simple and convenient and seamless experience. Additional information in the progress of our digital KPIs and a more detailed description of all these initiatives and timelines can be found at the back of our earnings goal presentation. In summary, we will, while we saw improved activity in the quarter, near-term profitability is expected to remain impacted by overall weak credit demand, pressure on needs, together with the costs and investments required to continue building our ecosystem and execute our transformation strategy. This strategy will ensure to retain and enhance our current customer relationships while attracting new digital tanks and driving operational efficiency in the longer term when demand resumes. Now, before opening the call to Q&A, then we turn the call to Atilio De Loro, one of our board members and responsible for leading our ESG strategy who will provide an update of our initiatives and ambitions on this front. Atilio, please go ahead. Thank you, Patricio. At Grupo Superviere, we understand the need for a more long-term and more sustainable view of shareholder value creation. Until not long ago, a more philanthropic vision prevailed in our corporate social responsibility model. As of 2019, CSR is integrated into the group's core business through a responsible management model oriented towards sustainability. CSR is no longer a goal of contribution per year to NGOs. It is a way of doing business. We believe that how, not just what, matters in the business value creation process. In this new phase, we have assumed a commitment to grow sustainably, protecting the environment and pursuing our business strategy in a socially responsible manner. We believe that enhanced disclosure of non-financial information such as environmental, social, and governance related factors satisfies the growing demand for an alignment of corporate financial performance with the company's performance and non-financial factors. To develop our ESG strategy, we have defined our pillars and commitments shown on slide 15. In slide 16, we present our ESG recent and most relevant highlights. In terms of our environmental responsibility, we work to reduce the impact of our operations on the environment by implementing a responsible environmental management system. We have been measuring our carbon footprints since 2019 and we compensate our greenhouse emissions to protect forest ecosystems. Renewable energy represents 44% of total energy consumption in our business. In addition, we have implemented a plastic waste management program to eliminate single-use plastics and we have reduced paper consumption by 46% compared with 2019. Note that 75% of the paper consumed internally is responsibly sourced paper to protect forest ecosystems. In connection with social responsibility, we focus on financial education, which is the gearshift of financial inclusion. More than 88,000 senior citizens' clients attended digital, literacy and financial education programs conducted in alliance with 21 universities in seven provinces and the city of Buenos Aires. 95% of transactions are conducted through our digital and automatic channels. Diversity is also a key aspect of our social responsibility. In 2021, we launched a comprehensive program to promote a diverse and inclusive work culture. We also work on more than 26 corporate philanthropy programs with focus on education, childhood, senior people and civic strengthening initiatives. With respect to our responsibility with good governance, we believe a robust corporate finance is key for guaranteeing a stable business model over the long term. government. Ernst & Young recently conducted a risk regulatory assessment and verified 97% compliance with the inventory of obligations applicable to the group of superior. The area of compliance monitors the correction prevention program and our whistleblowing hotline allows employees, suppliers, and trials to report any malpractice and lawful or unethical behavior. We have defined quantifiable metrics for our sustainability initiatives. On slide 17, you will see the key and most relevant ESG goals for 2024. In relation to our environmental responsibility, we have set the following goals. We will continue to measure our carbon footprint set in a goal of 6% reduction and 50% carbon compensation to protect millinery forests. And, on the other hand, a target of 45% of our total portfolio screened and analyzed through our environmental and social risk policy. With respect to our social responsibility, we have set the following goals. 33% of women in senior executive positions by 2024 and 120,000 people attending our financial education programs. Finally, our responsibility with good governance goals include publishing fully integrated sustainability reports by 2023, prepared according to the global reporting initiative, and in addition, we aim to have 100% of our strategic suppliers submitting a certified evaluation form assessing compliance with our policies related to human rights, diversity, and governance practice. knowledge. Thank you, Adilio. At this time, we will be conducting the question and answer session. As a reminder, to ask a question, you need to be connected to the Zoom platform. You will not be able to take your questions if you are connected from a phone line. To ask a question by voice, please pray to raise your hand button and press it again to withdraw your questions. You cannot suspend the questions in written form via the Q&A box. We will ask you to limit yourself to one question and follow up after the question. One moment when we vote for questions. The first question comes from Agnesto Gabilondo at Bank of America. Please go ahead, Agnesto. Thank you, Anna. Good morning, Patricio, Mariano, Battilio. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for your presentation and for the opportunity. My first question is on the political outlook in Argentina. After the midterm elections, I would like to know which do you think are the key challenges ahead and if you think there are potential key dates that we should be following. So that's my first question. Well, first of all, there was a clear win of the opposition and what I believe that, I mean, the president has announced that in December, this December, they will present a multi-year economic program in order to have the approval of Congress and what we expect, I mean, we know that there is a deadline with the IMF, so there is a short time frame for the government to negotiate this multi-year plan in order to make it to have more sustainable fiscal policies effects, more realistic also effects levels in order to enhance export-oriented industries and to strengthen the results of the central bank. What is not yet really clear is whether there is a clear line in the government in order to make this, let's say, a commitment for this economic plan. We will see this is going to be an interesting period, but I think also the attitude, what is important is the attitude of the IMF, whether they will, let's say, allow for sort of a muddle through economic policy until 2023, or they will be strict in the sense that they want to have a lessening of expenditures, public expenditures, and reduction of self-studies, and so on. So this is I think what we are looking for. I don't know if you want to add something, Alejandro, on that. I think you've hit on most of the points, Patricia. As you said, it's key to understand what the scope and the depth of the agreement with the IMF will be, and going back to Ernesto's question, as to Kate, I think that you should follow carefully these talks to be able to establish when an agreement is reached. Thank you so much. Then just a second question on the fintech competitive landscape. I would appreciate if you can share with us who you see as the main players. The one I have on top of my mind is Wala. And how do you think you do and your new digital initiatives are against the other fintechs? Okay. I think that Wala basically is focusing on providing solutions for people who don't have bank accounts and they are giving a value proposition on that. But the main problem is that they don't have deposits. no, this is the reason why they are applying for a banking license. In order to reach scale in Argentina, you need to have a license to get deposits. And you can see this, for instance, if you look at the sites of the funds that were collected by Mercado Pago in relation to the fund industry, is nearly irrelevant. And they've been working on this. So this is an extreme example that let's say only working with transactionality as a fintech player in Argentina is not they're not able to reach they need to have a bank license in order to become a player in Argentina because of the restrictions we have in Argentina. In the case of UDO, UDO is transforming itself from a consumer finance operation almost fully focused in providing financial services, credit cards, and personal loans to people, customers who come to Tango, to the Walmart, Tango Mass supermarket stores, towards now to a full digital service and our main goal now will be to attract deposits, retail deposits and this will have a significant impact for us to I believe to lower our cost of funds and to have a much more sustainable business and I think it will impact a lot in the overall net income revenue of untappical creation of Group of SuperVL. I don't know if you want to add something on the things I think you mentioned the key issue of funding and access to funding I also think that you do have done a terrific job at enhancing customer experience and putting together a very superior product offering and I think those two things combined with the strength of the funding capability would make a very strong positioning in the market in the next quarters. Thank you Patricio and Alejandro very helpful. Thank you Ernesto. Our next question comes from Gabriel Nobrega at Sisi. Hello good morning Gabriel please go ahead. Sorry about that I'm having some technical difficulties so thank you for the opportunity to ask questions my first question is actually on low demand if you could elaborate further what's driving the higher demand which we are seeing I know that you are saying in your press release that it's due to the government programs focused on SMEs but I just wanted to understand if you think that we are at an inflection point where low demand isn't going to start increasing and how are you going to be able to control your adverse selection in this scenario and ask a second question afterwards thank you okay we have said I mean it's real that we are in a very low point of low demand credit loan demand and we believe that it has mainly to do with the lack of business confidence and also consumer confidence so we need these signals to reignite the loan demand having said that there are certain particular enterprises that are export oriented and they continue to perform well in the economy and they are asked I mean we continue to serve them with different lines of credit particularly pre-export financing also there are enterprises that take advantage of subsidized loans to take leasing lines where we are very strong in leasing in order to replace equipment but and for individuals I think it's the same problem very lack I mean lack of appetite for loan demand what we see eventually is an interest in car financing because people see in Argentina today cars to be a protection of value so used car financing is driving a certain number of loans at the bank level and also at you do I don't know if you want to add on that Alejandro basically I would mention that what we've seen during most of the pandemic until there was a turning point in which the economy started to pick up was that the working capital of most of SMEs and corporates have been going down so there is an effect of replenishing working capital as the economy picks up and that's basically what we are supporting in terms of the adverse selection which I believe is the second part of your question we are focusing on first on our own tracks and helping them take off and regain much of the economic activity and in many sectors we are seeing that the level of economic activity is packed with pre-pandemic levels and in some sectors even beyond that so the first focus is on trends that we know and sectors which we operated on and value chains that we worked in the other focus is really supporting a pick up in some export oriented sectors for example meat packing which are really picking up and showing good progress too so we believe that there is significant room for growth from as Patizio pointed out very low credit penetration levels in addition in order to control let's say credit risk also a large substantial part of for instance in the case of individuals a substantial part of personal loans are given to individuals that collect their salaries in the bank it's around 70% of all personal financing is with you know with debiting their accounts at the bank so this also lowers let's say an adverse selection and for enterprises for corporations I also say in addition to what Alejandro mentioned is that we continue to do a lot of cash flow based financing which is by itself you know it's a way of controlling risk but inflection point I think we need to wait a truly inflection point I think we will reach it in 2023 with a political change is my opinion all right that's very clear thank you and I actually have a follow-up from the previous question on the Fintech landscape I understand you talked about Walla and what I wanted to understand is that you showed us that you have around 500,000 digital customers but when you compare with Walla they already issued more than 2 million prepaid cards and so I wanted to understand here is there a strategy from you to grow slower the number of clients maybe try to monetize them faster or are you still aiming at them adding clients in a faster manner in the coming quarters one thing that you have to bear in mind when you look at these figures is whether these operations are making money or not and how long it will take to monetize all this customer acquisition and what we've seen in financial services is just recruiting science is not enough to be able to have a sustainable strategy of the time this is why we emphasize in our strategy the ability of having the right funding particularly in the Argentine environment and secondly trying to have a principle or an integral relationship across selling several products we approach this segment with this more comprehensive view and we aim absolutely at having this relationship of several products with the right funding to be able to drive growth we believe that the cost to income proportion would be much better and that the leverage we can have on our capital over the deposit base that we will capture will allow us to scale adequately with a very efficient model all right thanks so much thank you Gabriel our next question comes from Rodrigo Nestor from Air Partners hello Rodrigo go ahead good morning and thank you for the opportunity I have a question regarding the income tax rate if you could explain part of the reasons behind the highly effective tax rate and what should we expect going forward and then have a follow up mariano do you want to go on that please yes I can comment on that hello Rodrigo for the income tax rate we have too many sources that increase the tax rate you know the statutory income tax rate is 35% but there are certain differences between the statutory income statement and the income statement for tax return the main differences arise from the value of fixed assets acquired before the social regime that are permanent so they create an increase in cost as the income for income tax purposes is higher than our profit before income tax in our statutory income statement and second and probably more important have to do with tax assets and tax of carry forward which they are not according to the income tax law they are not adjusted and they don't accrue any interest so we have mainly as you do we have 1.2 billion pesos in the tax assets and tax of carry forward and these assets lose value over time with inflation so that loss of value as it relates to income tax according to IFRS is recognized in the income tax line item so that increases the charge in the income tax line item and creates in turn a higher effective tax rate both effects have a larger impact when profit before income tax is lower as we had as last year a profit before income tax of 4 billion pesos these impacts would only increase effective tax rates maybe from 35% to 40% but when profit before income tax is lower it has a greater impact and it can turn it up to 100% eventually okay thank you and then if I may have a more strategic question and maybe to Patricio I would like to know very briefly what makes him more enthusiastic about the future of the industry and what concerns him the most about today's Argentina banking system well I think that the financial industry is is bearing the cost of the economy which is not in equilibrium and the what of course what worries me is that let's say our main business which is providing loans to the private sector has diminished over the last three years and you can see this in the loan to deposit ratio which is a minimum in historic levels and I think it reflects what is happening in the financial industry as a whole there is lack of demand and also there's another aspect which also worries me is there is lack of savings so it's and the lack of savings has also to do with absolute lack of confidence in our currency we have a confidence problem we need to get gear thickness for investment gear thickness for deregulation gear thickness for export industries gear thickness for having an equilibrium in a monetary policies in order to have a currency that basically gets to lower inflation the part of enthusiastic the first question was what makes you enthusiastic what makes me enthusiastic is basically I mean my enthusiasm I think has has basically is related to let's say if I think if there is what we have seen on the political side now is that I think is that a request of the society to have a more pro-market political economy and I hope that they will I mean the government will hear these requests of the society to have a more pro-market stance thank you very much thank you Rodrigo our next question comes from Juan Ricardo at Scotiabank good morning Juan go ahead hi good morning everyone thank you for taking my question I have two questions one is related to NIM and the second one related to the international expansion so in terms of NIM you mentioned that you expect NIM pressure to continue even the low demand and regulations so my question there is does this quarter reflect the full regulatory pressure or can you expect NIM to go down in the coming quarters and related to that how is the bank working to limit the NIM pressure and the second question related to international expansion can you help us understand the strategy for expanding outside Argentina are there any goals that you can share with us and also can the bank can the group freely move capital outside the country with the current regulations okay let's let's first answer about the NIMS Mariano will help but simply I would like to state that there is a pressure there is a continuous pressure of NIMS and mainly to do with the punitive regulations of the central bank but also it has a lot to do with the lack of demand of loans when loans resumes it will help us definitely and to the better NIMS but do you want to answer the first question on NIMS Mariano sure hello one well in effect this quarter we are seeing the full impact of central bank regulations and also an adverse macroeconomic environment so we have very negative interest rates with the least 38% interest rate equals 36.5 and that compares with an inflation of more than 50% last month so this leads also to a very low credit demand and in that environment we have regulated floors for time deposits because we would normally lower the interest rate on time deposits so we make positive a trend so it's a very challenging environment and we are seeing definitely the falling back of it in this quarter whereas you can see we have the lowest NIMS in the last five quarters so regarding the second part of your question what we can do to sustain and increase that mean in the future we aim to grow in deposits not regulated time deposits but mainly for instance in savings accounts and corporate coverage accounts we have increased the average volume of corporate accounts this quarter and we are seeing that also in the first month of the fourth quarter so that is very important also then we need to increase our loan portfolio as great demand resumed we've seen in the last quarter particularly the third year we saw a growth of 5% in real terms so we gained a bit of market share there and it's still in the SMEs program the subsidized loans that are mandatory so it doesn't have still a very large positive income in but it's still a loan growth where we replace central bank instruments by loans to the private sector and that's what we intend to do in the future and we expect 2022 to be a year where we resume growth above inflation and that will lead us to increase new in terms of the international expansion that we want to pursue beyond Argentina I mean recreating revenues beyond Argentina at Yuzu Servicios which is basically a platform to deliver health services and also services well-being services to individuals we will start deploying we've reached agreements with two companies Europe Systems and Assistir is an Argentine company that provides health services and Europe Systems is more dear to well-being services in the home of an individual so with both companies we reached an agreement to start deploying in Paraguay in the second quarter of 2022 and basically what they are doing is they will be funding they will be providing commercial funding which this is basically we will use this funding in order to deploy digital marketing in order to attract customers and it's going to be like our first research in Latin America beyond Argentina and from there on we plan to continue to go to other countries it's a business that I mean our goals are a goal in the services is in three years from now to let's say to have 200,000 customers in five countries so this will give us let's say a million customers in three years this is what we plan to get and this basically just to give you an idea in Argentina with the same lines of businesses we already have 320,000 customers that we developed providing these services so we believe that we can reach that and get revenues beyond Argentina then for invertir online invertir online is we are working on a business land we already said that we requested an authorization in the central bank of Uruguay to pursue a regional to provide regional investment services for in Latin America excluding Brazil for particularly for providing services investment services in the US market and so we are working on the technological platform to deliver this from Uruguay with this license of proper license in Uruguay and in addition to in order to start our deployment we already have secured around five million dollars that are already in a holding out of Argentina so basically dividends that were paid from from investing online Argentina and they were paid and basically they are in a holding outside of Argentina we started going with this capital that's helpful thank you thank you Juan our next question comes from Alejandra Aranda at Itaú hello good morning Alejandra hi good morning and thank you for the opportunity I have two questions if I may the first one is related to the cost I mean I was positively surprised by the performance this quarter and given that the outlook is challenging on the income side I was wondering what to expect going forward especially given the right sizing that you have been doing ok do you want to go on that Mariano or you prefer I can start on Mariano correct hello we see lots of opportunities for enhancing our efficiency many have been triggered by the acceleration of the adoption of digital and automated channels throughout our branch network the others come from the digital transformation process we've been discussing over the large quarters and all these boil down to a reduction in the total amount of head companies to operate and a reduction in the total amount of branches we also see opportunities on the revenue side because the digital capabilities are giving us an opportunity to expand our footprint without actually having to deploy a physical branch network so this combination is helping as you've noticed and we foresee this trend to continue throughout 2022 okay but in terms of a level of efficiencies that we should be looking at for the next couple of quarters well you know you've seen a 6% increase sorry decrease in head count and I think that we will probably be around that level moving forward okay okay yes Alejandra also to to to compliment what Alejandra said also as you do you do is also in the middle of a huge transformation from a consumer finance company where business was done mainly in the traffic of supermarkets and towards a digital banking full digital banking service and that entails a change of the way we do business even in the for instance the field of supermarket the people that are in the supermarket we will foster a much more let's say the way clients they interact will be much more digital and so this we will see in 2022 a substantial efficiency in terms of headcount also at YouTube because of these transformations that we are working on and so you will see this in overall Grupo SuperVL we have a significant reduction of headcount in 2022 besides the bank thank you if I may follow up on that I mean there's a huge demand for digital jobs and digitally native workers how are you how are you seeing the market there how are you competing with the fintech and also with the so-called blue labor with other companies from abroad coming and taking the opportunity to hire people through chip swap all right that's a very good question Alejandro you need to ask on retention of talent you're quite right it's becoming more and more challenging and yes we are competing with fintechs with big techs and also with international companies that are hiring argentine talent for work abroad so it is becoming challenging what we've done is basically first focus on the key areas where we're getting most attrition it is basically digital talent as you pointed out we're working there on value proposition and there are several aspects of the way that we work and the ability to address different needs that our workforce has under these challenging times so part of it has to do with adjusting the way we work and the workplace second as I mentioned before the value proposition adjusting it to market and keeping track on these changes but also introducing other different alternatives in the way in which we compensate and in the way that we motivate some of these are basically out of focus groups that we do with the teams and also require a greater involvement in the digital transformation of some of the seniors of the organization to help the new talent navigate so we think that this problem will actually become greater over time because the transformation we're doing at Super Year is getting more and more visibility so we are getting prepared for it and we are having so far good success in retaining some of the cases that have been brought forward but it is getting tougher going forward okay thank you may I do a third one yes sure short one what's the minimum level that you feel comfortable in terms of coverage yes I can comment on that as you know we work with expected loss models according to IFRA it so there's not like a magic percentage like to say 100% or 150 it will depend on the loan portfolio on the mix of that portfolio the outlook looking forward you know there's also a component of the expected loss that is the forward looking part of the model so we are comfortable with the level we have right now we think it's adequate as we thought it was adequate to have larger coverage in the past where we had less visibility and also the automatic rescaling was in play so moving forward I would expect to probably decrease coverage as we feel comfortable using the COVID specific provisions that we created during last year last year we had 2.4 million COVID specific provisions now they decreased to 1.6 million and that should decrease in the future of course always that the situation gets back to normal okay thank you you're welcome thank you Alexandra thank for all your questions as well we have reached today's question and answer session thank you for joining us today thank you for the interest in our company we look forward to meeting more of you over the coming months and providing financial and business updates next quarter in the interim we remain available to answer any questions that you may have thank you and stay safe and healthy next to