Good morning, good morning everyone and welcome to the Grupo Fabielli third quarter 2021 earnings call. We apologize for the delay. This panel is titled Pressure and IRO. A slide presentation will accompany today's webinar which is available in the investor section of Grupo Fabielli's Investor Relations website. Today's conference call is being recorded. As a reminder, all participants will be in listen-only mode. There will be an opportunity for you to ask questions at the end of today's presentation. If you want to ask a question, you need to be connected to the Zoom platform from any device. We will not be able to take your questions if you are connected from a phone. Also, please make sure your name and last name appear in the Zoom platform you are using. To ask a question, by voice, please press the raise your hand button located in the Zoom platform and press raise your hand and name to withdraw your question. You can also send questions in written form via the Q&A box in the Zoom platform any time during the call. We would ask you to limit yourselves to one question and a follow-up and then you can raise your hand again in the round. Speaking during today's call will be Patricia Superviel, our Chairman and CEO, Atillo Ederomayni, Board Member leading Grupo Superviel Sustainability Strategy, and Mariana Olivia, our Chief Financial Officer. Also joining us are Alejandro Spengel, Vice Chairman of the Board, and Manu CEO, and Jorge Ramirez, Vice Chairman of the Board, Alexandra Norton, Board Member of several Grupo Superviel subsidiaries, will also be joining us for today's call. All will be available for the Q&A session. As a reminder, today's call will contain forward-looking statements which are based on management's current expectations and beliefs and are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. I may refer you to the forward-looking statement section of our earnings release and recent filings with the SEC. We assume no obligations to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect new or changed events or circumstances. Today, Mariana Olivia, our CFO, will start the call discussing our performance and report on our near-term outlook. Patricia Superviel, our Chairman and CEO, will follow with an update on our mid-term strategic initiatives. Afterwards, Atillo Ederomayni will provide an overview of the key elements of our ESG strategy and goals. Mariana Olivia, Chief Financial Officer. Thank you, Ana. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Please turn to slide four of our current presentation. While we saw a rebound in economic activity to pre-pandemic levels this quarter, we continue to operate under challenging market conditions, with high inflation, negative real interest rates, and interest rates at historical lows and growing below inflation. In addition, central bank regulations continue to weigh on me. With a decline sequentially, you will realize reporting an attributable loss of 60 million pesos in Q3 21 compared to 348 million pesos in the prior quarter. This was mainly driven by lower loan provisions, reflecting our strong underwriting and collection policies, along with a pickup in economic activity. Lower operating expenses also contributed to this performance, but we continue to resize our branch network, accelerate internal efficiencies, and execute our digital and channel transformation strategy. Our comparable efficiency ratio, excluding non-recurring severance payments and early retirement charges, improved to 71 percent this quarter from 72 percent in the second quarter, also significantly impacted by the low revenue base. Looking at the 12-month year and excluding non-recurring charges, expenses were down nearly 7 percent year-on-year. We also maintain a solid capital base with a year-end ratio of 14.1 percent at quarter-end and a strong liquidity to navigate the current environment and implement our strategic transformation. Patricia will provide shortly an update of our progress on our digital and channel transformation agenda, followed by Adilio, who will present our key ESG milestones and goals. Now we turn to slide 5. We expanded our loan book by 5 percent sequentially, growing above industry levels and recovering market share. Loan growth was mainly driven by higher mandatory credit lines to SMEs, which rose to a balance of nearly 20 billion pesos, accounting for over 30 percent of total loans in quarter, from a balance of 14 billion pesos in the prior quarter. Short-term financing to corporate also contributed to loan growth, along with stronger origination in personal loans, which reached a record high in October. Unit total loans in original currency, in turn, declined 10 percent sequentially. Now moving to funding on slide 6. The loan to deposit ratio remained relatively stable quarter on quarter at 53 percent with liquidity at solid levels. Deposits were increasing in the highest single digits sequentially, driven mainly by institutional funding from liquidity management and corporate checking accounts. Core deposits were stable quarter on quarter. Total deposits in original currency were up 1.5 percent sequentially, accounting for 90 over 7 percent of total deposits. Turning to slide 7. Loan contraction 2 percentage points to 17 from 19 percent in the second quarter. When GDP growth returned to pre-pandemic level, allowing us to capture standard growth, overall credit demand remains weak. This, together with a lower yield on inflation-linked mortgages zones, given the deceleration in the price index and regulatory controls, continue to exert pressure on it. Turning to other quality on slide 8. Our strong underwriting and collection policies, together with improved economic conditions, allowed us to release a portion of the COVID-19 specific provisions created last year. As a result, loan growth provision declined to 1.4 billion from 2 billion in the prior quarter. In turn, cost of risk net improved to 3.5 percent from 5.7 percent in the second quarter. At quarter end, the COVID-19 and DTPATRI provisions amounted to 1.6 billion pesos versus 2.4 billion as of June 30. Our total provisioning ratio stood at 6.5 percent in September, about the pre-pandemic level of 6.4 percent posted in January 2020. The total NPL ratio for the quarter increased 29 points sequentially to 5.5 percent, but declined after peaking to 5.5 percent in July. The sequential increase was mainly driven by the consumer finance segment. As anticipated, we saw an increase in delinquency as installments were due after the expiration of the grace period, with the consumer finance NPL ratio reaching a peak of nearly 21 percent as quarter end. To contain delinquency, we have tightened our credit policies as you do, so that newer originated loans have a better rating. To a lesser extent, NPL also increased to 5.1 percent from 2.2 percent at the bank's personal loan segment after the expiration of the grace period and the mandatory reclassification of customers performing with supervision but non-performing with other banks. By contrast, corporate SMEs and bank credit cards posted a sequential improvement in NPL ratios. Slide 9. Although guidance remains suspended due to sustained immediate visibility, on slide 9 we share our views on the main drivers of our business for the remainder of the year and 2022. Starting with federal government loans, we expect to see growth in line or below inflation in 2021, both commercial and consumer loans, and above inflation in 2022. We also expect to end the year with deposits growing above inflations, fostered by asset securitization and to a lower extent by interest rate growth and time deposits. We expect deposits to continue growing above inflation, driven by the same trend. With respect to other quality, as anticipated, NPLs decreased this quarter and are expected to remain stable or decline in following quarters. We will expect coverage to decline as COVID-19 provisions are used for rivers. Cost of risk, in turn, is expected to be below 2020 and 2019 levels, but in line with historical levels of 5 to 6 percent. In terms of margins, for the remainder of the year and 2022, we expect NIM to remain pressured by higher cost of funds resulting from the impact of the floor interest rates on time deposits and standardized rate for loans. This will be partially offset by higher inflation together with credit demand anticipated to probably pick up from historical lows. Personal and administrative expenses are likely to grow with inflation, while also reflecting additional restructuring costs and expenses, as well as health efficiencies from the execution of our digital and channel strategy. Higher turnover taxes and the extension of the turnover tax reach to the least and removal in the previous quarter will continue to negatively impact expenses. At the same time, the income is expected to grow in line with inflation.

Finally, we continue to expect capital and liquidity to remain at comfortable levels supporting long-term sustainability. As mentioned earlier, 100% of our capital is hedged against inflation. Now let me call to Patricio Barbiel, who will provide an update on our strategic initiatives. Patricio, please go ahead. Thank you, Mariano. You heard Mariano present our financial results and views for the remainder of the year and 2022. In this challenging context, we remain fully focused on advancing on our transformation strategy. Starting with the transformation of our branch channels, using best-in-class technologies to facilitate self-service banking and expand ATM reach to the vision of everywhere and anytime banking. First, digitized customers have increased consistently over the past two years and were up 76% since March last year. Second, keeping a strong focus on the customer experience, we recently deployed an upgraded version of the bank's mobile app rated 4.4 in the Play Store and 4.3 in the App Store. Third, with the successful performance of our virtual hub MVPs for individuals in the province of Vance and Wiese, we're starting to scale this hybrid model to other regions and segments and expanding our footprint while offering a superior customer experience combining the strength of our face-to-face approach with the high efficiency of our virtual hub. This also allows us to expand our footprint through our national territory with our giving practice. And fourth, in the past four months, we modernized and expanded services to SMEs and related segments in 11 branches that were previously solely dedicated to senior citizens. And we expect to convert four additional branches to multi-segment format before year end. Now please turn to slide 11. At the same time, we have been introducing technology for innovation at our senior citizen branches, facilitating self-service banking for this customer segment, which was the least advanced in terms of digital adoption. Let me share some examples of the success of these initiatives. To allow for extended banking hours and higher efficiencies, we enlarged our 24-hour lobbies, increasing the number of biometric cash dispensers located in these lobbies. As of September, cash dispensers in our 24-hour lobbies accounted for 53% of total cash dispensers, up for around 24% before the pandemic and nearly 40% a year ago. As a result, the number of transactions at human counters declined sharply to 2% of total transactions from 11% a year ago and 22% before the pandemic. We are also seeing continued adoption of our digital app dedicated to senior citizens. 90 days logged in customers grew by increasing over 144% when compared to first Q20. Please turn to slide 12. As you can see, we are also advancing on the right sizing of our branch network. The introduction of best-in-class technologies to extend service hours, facilitating self-service banking in some branches, while converting others to full-service format is allowing us to enhance customer service and productivity. As a result, we closed one branch in second quarter and plan to close another 16 between the remainder of 2021 and next year, subject to central bank authorization. These initiatives have allowed us to lower headcount by nearly 6% year-on-year. Please now turn to slide 30. Our IT infrastructure strategy includes creating an API environment to accelerate service development and time to market to transform our customer journey. In the first nine months of the year, we added a total of 95 APIs and plan to add another 153 by the end of 2022. We are also advancing on the implementation of the data lake to become a data-driven enterprise while migrating technologies to a hybrid multi-cloud to provide the flexibility to grow efficiently. By October 20, 20% of our technology was already migrated to the cloud and we expect to reach 30% by year end, with 70% of our technology anticipated to be migrated to the cloud by the end of year 2024. Please now turn to page 14. We are also making progress on deploying our growth strategy for UDU and UDU servicios. Next week, we are formally launching UDU Mobile Retail Digital Savings Account that will enable our growth account base and attract low-cost funding at this season. After a successful soft launch last August, UDU has already opened 230,000 accounts among current customers. UDU clients also have access to a wide range of digital banking services, insurance and wellness offerings, and we will continue adding new features and services in the coming months. We also have made progress in our model of diversifying revenue origination beyond Argentina by deploying well-being and health services under the B2C or B2B2C format in certain countries in LATAM, excluding Brazil. We are, in this sense, advancing with Grupo Asistir and Euro Assistance to implement in second quarter 2022 B2C well-being and health services in Paraguay. The offering will consist of health, dentistry, pharmacy, medical emergency, and veterinary services. Services will be marketed through the UDU Wellness Marketplace, which will host a variety of wellness services on the one platform, offering customers a simple and convenient and seamless experience. Additional information on the progress of our digital TPIs and more detailed description of all these initiatives and timeline can be found at the back of our earnings call presentation. In summary, while we saw improved activity in the quarter, near-term profitability is expected to remain impacted by overall weak credit demand pressure on needs, together with the costs and investments required to continue building our ecosystem and execute our transformation strategy. This strategy for this year has to retain and enhance our current customer relationships while attracting new digital clients and driving operational increases in the longer term when demand resumes. Now, before opening the call to Q&A, let me turn the call to Atilio Ledesma, one of our board members and responsible for leading our ESG strategy, who will provide an update on our initiatives and ambitions on this front. Atilio, please go ahead. Thank you, Patricio. At Grupo Superville, we understand the need for a more long-term and more sustainable view of shareholder value creation. Until not long ago, a more philanthropic vision prevailed in our corporate social responsibility model. As our 2019 CSR is integrated into the group's core business through our responsible management model oriented towards sustainability. CSR is no longer a goal, a contribution per year to NGOs. It is a way of doing business. We believe that how, not just what, matters in the business value creation process. In this new phase, we have assumed a commitment to grow sustainably, protecting the environment and pursuing our business strategy in a socially responsible manner. We believe that enhanced disclosure of non-financial information such as environmental, social and governance-related factors satisfies the growing demand for an alignment of corporate financial performance with the company's performance in non-financial factors. To develop our ESG strategy, we have defined our pillars and commitments shown on slide 15. In slide 16, we present our ESG recent and most relevant highlights. In terms of our environmental responsibility, we work to reduce the impact of our operations on the environment by implementing a responsible environmental management system. We have been measuring our carbon footprints since 2019 and we compensate our greenhouse emissions to protect forest ecosystems. Renewable energy represents 14% of total energy consumption in our business. In addition, we have implemented

a plastic waste management program to eliminate single-use plastics and we have reduced paper consumption by 46% compared with 2019. Note that 75% of the paper consumed in Argentina is responsibly sourced paper to protect forest ecosystems. In connection with social responsibility, we focus on financial education, which is the key aspects of financial inclusion. More than 88,000 seniors and clients attended digital literacy and financial education programs conducted in alliance with 21 universities in seven provinces and the city of Buenos Aires. 95% of transactions are conducted through our digital and automated channels. Diversity is also a key aspect of our social responsibility. In 2021, we launched a comprehensive program to promote a diverse and inclusive work culture. We also work on more than 26 corporate philanthropy programs with focus on education, childhood, senior people, and civic strengthening initiatives. With respect to our responsibility with good governance, we believe a robust corporate finance is key for guaranteeing a stable business model over the long term. As Anyang recently conducted a risk regulatory assessment and verified 97% compliance with the inventory of obligations applicable to global suppliers. The area of compliance monitors the prevention program and our whistleblowing hotline allows employees, suppliers, and clients to report any malpractices and lawful or unethical behavior. We have defined quantifiable metrics for our sustainability initiatives. On slide 17, you will see the key and most prevalent ESC goals for 2024. In relation to our environmental responsibility, we have set the following goals. We will continue to measure our carbon footprint, setting a goal of 6% reduction and 50% carbon compensation to protect millenary forests. And on the other hand, a target of 45% of our total portfolio screened and analyzed through our environmental and social responsibility. With respect to our social responsibility, we have set the following goals. 33% of women in senior executive positions by 2024 and 120,000 people attending our financial education programs. Finally, our responsibility with good governance goals include publishing fully integrated sustainability reports by 2023, prepared according to the Global Reporting Initiative. And in addition, we aim to have 100% of our strategic suppliers submitting a standardized evaluation form assessing compliance with our policies related to human rights, diversity, and governance practice. Thank you, Emilio. This time we will be conducting the question and answer session. As a reminder, to ask a question, you need to be connected to the Zoom platform. We will not be able to take your questions if you are connected from a phone line. To ask a question by voice, please press the raise your hand button and press it again to withdraw your question. You can also send your questions in written form via the Q&A box. We will ask you to limit yourself to one question and follow-up after each. One moment while we call for questions. The first question has come from Emilio Galindo at Bank of America. Please go ahead, Emilio. Thank you, Anna. Good morning, Patricio, Mariano, Emilio. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for your presentation and for the opportunity. My first question is on the political outlook in Argentina. After the midterm elections, I would like to know which do you think are the key challenges ahead and if you think there are potential key dates that we should be following. So that's my first question. Well, first of all, there was a clear win of the opposition. And I believe that, I mean, the president has announced that in December, this December, they will present a multi-year economic program in order to have the approval of Congress. And what we expect, I mean, we know that there is a deadline with the IMF, so there is a short time frame for the government to negotiate this interim plan in order to make it to have more sustainable fiscal policies, more realistic, also affect levels in order to enhance export-oriented industries and to strengthen the results of the central bank. What is not yet really clear is whether there is a clear line in the government in order to make a commitment for this economic plan. We will see. This is going to be an interesting period. But I think also the attitude, what is important is the attitude of the IMF, whether they will, let's say, allow for sort of a muddled through economic policy until 2023 or there will be strict in the sense that they want to have a lessening of expenditures, public expenditures and reduction of subsidies and so on. So this is indeed what we are looking for. I don't know if you want to add something, Alejandro, on that? I think you've hit on most of the points, Patricia. As you said, it's key to understand what's the scope and the depth of the agreement with the IMF will be. And going back to Ernesto's question, at two days, I think that you should follow carefully these talks to be able to establish when an agreement is reached. Thank you so much. Then add your second question on the fintech competitive landscape. I would appreciate if you can share with us who you see as the main players. The one I have on top of my mind is Uala. And how do you think you do and your new digital initiatives are against the other fintechs? Okay. I think that, I mean, Uala basically is focusing on providing solutions for people who don't have bank accounts and they are given a value proposition on that. But the main problem is that they don't have deposits. Now this is the reason why nowadays they are applying for a banking license. In order to reach scale in Argentina, you need to have a license to get deposits. And you can see this, for instance, if you look at the size of the funds that were collected by Banco de la Paga in relation to the fund industry is nearly relevant. And they've been working on this. So this is an extreme example that the, let's say, only working with transactionality as a fintech player in Argentina is not, they're not able to reach, they need to have, let's say, a bank license in order to become a player in Argentina because of the restrictions we have in Argentina. In the case of YouDo, YouDo is transforming itself from a consumer finance operation, almost fully focused in providing financial services, credit card and personal loans to people, customers who come to the Walmart, Changomas supermarket stores towards now a full digital service. And our main goal now will be to attract deposits, retail deposits. And this will have a significant impact for us.

to renew our cost of funds and to have a much more sustainable business. And I think it will impact a lot in the overall net income revenue of capital creation of Grupo Supervill. I don't know if you want to add something on this, Alejandro. I think you mentioned the issue of funding and access to funding. I also think that you do have a terrific job at enhancing customer experience and putting together a very superior product offering. And I think those two things combined with the strength of the funding capability would make a very strong positioning in the market in the next quarters. Thank you, Patricio and Alejandro. Very helpful. Thank you, Ernesto. Our next question comes from Gabriel Nogueira at Citi. Hello, good morning, Gabriel. Please go ahead. Sorry about that. I was having some technical difficulties. So thank you for the opportunity to ask questions. My first question is actually on loan demand. If you could elaborate further what's driving some higher demand, which we're seeing. I know that you're saying in your press release that it's due to the government programs focused on SMEs. But I just wanted to understand if you think that we are at an inflection point where loan demand isn't going to start increasing. And then how are you going to be able to control your adverse selection in this scenario? And I'll ask a second question afterwards. Thank you. Okay. I mean, Gabriel, it's real that we are in a very low point of low demand, credit loan demand. And we believe that it has mainly to do with the lack of business confidence and also consumer confidence. So we need these signals to reignite the loan demand. Having said that, there are certain particular enterprises that are export-oriented, and they continue to perform well in the economy. And they are, I mean, we continue to serve them with different kinds of credits, particularly pre-export financing. Also, there are enterprises that take advantage of subsidized loans to take leasing lines, where we are quite strong in leasing, in order to replace equipment. And for individuals, I think it's the same problem, very lack of appetite for loan demand. What we see eventually is an interest in car financing, because people see in Argentina today cars to be a protection of value. So used car financing is driving a certain number of loans at bank level and also at UDU. I don't know if you want to add on that, Alejandro. Thank you. I think you mentioned what we're seeing during most of the pandemic until there was a turning point in which the economy started to pick up, was that the working capital of most of SMEs and corporates had been grayed out. So there's a reason, in effect, of replenishing working capital as the economy picks up, and that's basically what we are supporting. In terms of the adverse selection, which I believe is the second part of your question, we are focusing on, first, on our own tracks and helping them take off and regain much of the economic activity. And in many sectors, we're seeing that the level of economic activity is back to pre-pandemic levels and in some sectors even beyond that. So the first focus is on trying to know sectors which we've operated on and evaluating the work. The other focus is really supporting a pickup in some export-oriented sectors, for example, meat packing, which are really picking up and are showing good progress too. So we believe that there is significant room for growth from, as you pointed out, very low credit penetration levels. In addition, in order to control, let's say, credit risk, also a substantial part of our, for instance, the case of individuals, a substantial part of our personal loans are given to individuals that collect their salaries in the bank. It's around 70% of all personal financing is with, you know, with debiting their accounts at the bank. So this also lowers, let's say, an adverse selection. And for enterprises, for corporations, I also say in addition to complement to what Alejandro mentioned, is that we continue to do a lot of cash flow-based financing, which is by itself, you know, it's a way of controlling risk. But inflection points, I think we need to wait. A truly inflection point, I think we will reach it in 2023 with a political change, is my opinion. All right, that's very clear. Thank you. And I actually have a follow-up from the previous question on the fintech landscape. I understand you talked about WALA. And what I wanted to understand is that you showed us that you have around 500,000 digital customers. But when you compare with WALA, they already issued more than 2 million prepaid cards. And so I wanted to understand here, is there a strategy from you to grow slower the number of clients, maybe try to monetize them faster? Or are you still aiming at adding clients in a faster manner in the coming quarters? You know, one thing that you have to bear in mind when you look at these figures, Gabriel, is whether these operations are making money or not, and how long it will take to monetize all this customer acquisition. What we've seen in financial services is just recruiting clients is not enough to be able to have a sustainable strategy over time. This is why we emphasize in our strategy the ability of having the right funding, particularly at the current time environment. And secondly, trying to have a principle or an integral relationship across several products. We approach this segment with this more comprehensive view, and we aim absolutely at having this relationship of several products with the right funding to be able to drive growth. We believe that the cost to income proportionate would be much better, and that the leverage we could have on our capital over the deposit base that we would capture would allow us to scale adequately with a very efficient model. All right, thank you so much. Thank you, Gabriel. Our next question comes from Rodrigo Nestor from Air Partners. Hello, Rodrigo, go ahead. Good morning, and thank you for the opportunity. I have a question regarding the income tax rate. If you could explain part of the reasons behind the high effective tax rate and what should we expect going forward? And then I have a follow-up. Mariam, do you want to go on that? Yeah, I can comment on that. You know, Rodrigo, for the income tax rate, we have two main sources that increase the effective tax rate. You know, the statutory income tax rate is 35%, but there are certain differences between the statutory income statement and the income statement for tax return. The main differences arise from the value of fixed assets acquired before 2015 that are permanent, so they create an increasing cost at the income for income tax purposes is higher than our profit before income tax in our statutory income statement. And the second and probably more important have to do with fixed tax assets and tax loss carry forwards, which they are not, according to the income tax law, they are not adjusted and they don't accrue any interest. So we have mainly, as you do, we have 1.2 billion pesos in fixed tax assets

We have 1.2 billion pesos in deferred taxes, assets coming forward. And these assets lose value over time with inflation. So that loss of value as it relates to income tax, according to IFRS, is recognized in the income tax line item. So that increases the charge in the income tax line item and creates in turn a higher effective tax rate. All of that have a larger impact when profit before income tax is lower. And we have, as last year, a profit before income tax of 4 billion pesos. This impact would only increase the effective tax rate maybe from 35% to 40%. But when profit before income tax is lower, it has a great impact and it attains up to 100% eventually. Thank you. And then if I may have a more strategic question, maybe to Patricio. I would like to know very briefly what makes him more enthusiastic about the future of the industry and what concerns him the most about today's Argentina banking system. Well, I think that the financial industry is bearing the cost of the economy, which is not in equilibrium. And of course what worries me is that the main business, which is providing loans to the private sector, has diminished over the last three years. And you can see this in the loan to the public ratio, which is at minimum in historic levels. And I think it reflects what is happening in the financial industry as a whole. There is a lack of demand. And also another aspect which also worries me is the lack of savings. And the lack of savings has a lot to do with the absolute lack of confidence in our currency. We have a confidence problem. We need to get clear signals for investment, clear signals for re-regulation, clear signals for export industries, clear signals for having an equilibrium in the monetary policies in order to have a currency that basically is just to lower inflation. The personal enthusiastic, for me, the first question was what makes you enthusiastic? What makes me enthusiastic is basically, I mean, my enthusiasm I think is related to, let's say, if I think if there is a, what we have seen on the political side now is that I think is that a request of the society to have a more pro-market political economy. And I hope that they will, I mean, the government will hear this request of the society to have a more pro-market stance. Thank you very much. Thank you for your... Our next question comes from Juan Ricardo de Suetalde Ascochava. Good morning, Juan. Go ahead. Hi, good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking my question. I have two questions. One is related to NIM and the second one related to the international expansion. So in terms of NIM, you mentioned that you expect NIM pressure to continue given the low loan demand and regulations. So my question there is, does this quarter reflect the full regulatory pressure or can we expect NIM to go down in the coming quarters? And related to that, how is the bank working to limit the NIM pressure? And the second question related to international expansion, can you help us understand the strategy for expanding outside Argentina? Are there any goals that you can share with us? And also, can the bank, can the group freely move capital outside the country with the current regulations? Okay. Let's first answer about the NIMs. Mariano will help us. But I would like to state that there is a pressure, a continuous pressure of NIMs and mainly to do with the punitive regulations of the Central Bank. But also, it has a lot to do with the lack of demand of loans. When loans resume, it will help us definitely to let's say to have better NIMs. But do you want to answer the first question on NIMs? Sure. In fact, this quarter we are seeing the full impact of Central Bank regulations and also an adverse macroeconomic environment. So we have very negative interest rates with CELICs paying 37% interest rate, REPL 33.5%, and that's compared with an inflation of more than 50% this last month. So this leads also to a very low credit demand. And in that environment, we have a relatively low for fixed deposits because there is no money to lower the interest rate on fixed deposits. So it may not give a trend. So it's a very challenging environment. And we have seen a definite pullback of it in this quarter. As you can see, we have the lowest NIM in the last five quarters. So regarding the second part of your question, what we can do to sustain and increase NIM in the future, we aim to grow in the policies, not regulated policies, but mainly, for instance, in savings accounts and corporate accounts. We have increased the average volume of corporate accounts before, and we are seeing that also in the first part of the fourth quarter. So that is very important. Also, then, we need to increase our loan portfolio as credit demand resumes. We've seen in the last quarters, particularly the third queue, we saw a growth of 5% real terms. So we're gaining a market share there. And it's still in the SME's program, subsidized loans that are mandatory. So it doesn't have still a very large positive income in NIM. But it's still a long road through which we replace central bank instruments by loans to the private sector. And that's what we intend to do in the future. And we expect 2022 to be a year where we resume growth above inflation, and that will lead us to increase NIM. In terms of the international expansion that we want to pursue beyond Argentina, I mean, recreating revenues beyond Argentina, at Yulú Servicios, which is basically a platform to deliver health services and also services, well-being services to individuals, we will start deploying, we've reached agreements with two companies, Euro Systems and Afili, which is an Argentine company that provides health services. And Euro Systems is more geared to well-being services in the home of an individual. So with both companies, we've reached an agreement to start deploying in the first, second quarter of 2022. And basically what they are doing is they will be funding, they will be providing commercial funding, which is basically, we will use this funding in order to deploy digital marketing in order to attract customers. And it's going to be like our first precepts in Latin America beyond Argentina. And from there on, we're going to continue to other countries. It's a business that, I mean, our goal there, a goal in Yulú Servicios is in three years from now to, let's say, to have 20,000 customers

in five countries. So this will give us a million customers in three years. This is what we plan to get. And this is basically just to give you an idea. In Argentina, with the same lines of business, we already have 320,000 customers that we developed providing these services. So we believe that we can reach that and get revenues beyond Argentina. Then for Invertir Online, we are working on a business plan. We already said that we request an authorization in the Central Bank of Uruguay to provide regional investment services for in Latin America, excluding Brazil, particularly for providing investment services in the U.S. market. And so we are working on the technological platform to deliver this from Uruguay with this license in Uruguay. And in addition to that, in order to start deployment, we already have secured around $5 million that are already in a holding out of Argentina. So basically dividends that were paid from Invertir Online Argentina. And they were paid and basically they are in a holding out of Argentina. We will start deploying this capital. That's wonderful. Thank you. Thank you. Our next question comes from Alejandra at Itaú. Hello. Good morning, Alejandra. Hi, good morning and thank you for the opportunity. I have two questions, if I may. The first one is related to the cost. I mean, I was positively surprised by the performance this quarter. And given that the outlook is challenging on the income side, I was wondering what to expect going forward, especially given the right sizing that you've been doing. Okay. Do you want to go on that, Mariano? Or you prefer? I think I'll start with Mariano. Okay. We see certain opportunities for enhancing our efficiency. Many have been triggered by the acceleration of the adoption of digital and automated channels throughout our branch network. The others come from the digital transformation process we've been discussing over the large quarters. And all of this boils down to a reduction in the total amount of headcount we need to operate and a reduction in the total amount of branches. We also see opportunities on the revenue side because the digital capabilities are giving us an opportunity to expand our footprint without actually having to deploy a physical branch network. So this combination is helping, as you've noticed, and we foresee this trend to continue throughout 2022. Okay. But in terms of a level of efficiencies that we should be looking at for the next couple of quarters? Well, you know, we've seen a 6% increase in headcount, and I think that we will probably be around that level moving forward. Okay. Okay. Yes, Alejandra, also to complement what Alejandro said, also as you do, is also in the middle of a huge transformation from a consumer finance company where business was done mainly in the traffic of supermarkets and towards a digital banking, full digital banking service. And that entails a change for the way we do business, even in the, for instance, the things of supermarkets, the people that are in supermarkets, we will foster a much more, let's say, the way clients interact will be much more digital. And so this, we will see in 2022 a substantial efficiency in terms of headcount also as you do. Because of these transformations that we are working on. And so you will see this in, you know, overall group of Superville will have a significant reduction of headcounts in 2022, besides the bank. Thank you. If I may ask one follow-up on that. I mean, there's a huge demand for digital jobs and digitally native workers. How are you seeing the market there? How are you competing with the fintechs and also with the so-called blue labor with other companies from abroad coming and taking the opportunity to hire people? That's a very good question, Alejandra. To answer your question, your point, Alejandra, is becoming more and more challenging. And yes, we are competing with fintechs, with big techs, and also with international companies that are hiring Argentine talents for work abroad. So it is becoming challenging. What we've done is basically first focus on the key areas where we're getting most attrition. This is basically digital talents, as you pointed out. We're working there on value proposition. And there are several aspects of the way that we work and the ability to address the different needs that our workforce has under these challenging times. So part of it has to do with adjusting the way we work at workplace. Second, as I mentioned before, the value proposition, adjusting it to market and keeping track on these changes, but also introducing other different alternatives in the way in which we compensate and in the way that we motivate. Some of these are basically out of focus groups that we do with the teams and also require a greater involvement in the digital transformation of some of the seniors of the organization to help new talents navigate. So we think that this problem will actually become greater over time because the transformation we're doing at Superville is getting more and more visibility. So we are getting prepared for it and we are having, so far, good success in retaining some of the cases that have been brought forward. But it is getting tougher going forward. Okay. Thank you. May I do a third one? Sure. Short one. What's the minimum level that you feel comfortable in terms of coverage? I'm not going to comment on that. As you know, we work with expected loss models according to IFRS. So there's no magic percentage like to say 100% or 150%. It will depend on the loan portfolio, on the mix of that portfolio, the outlook looking forward. There's also a component of expected loss that is the forward-looking part of the model. So we are comfortable with the level we have right now. We think it's adequate. We thought it was adequate to have a larger coverage in the past where we had less visibility and also the automatic pre-scaling was in place. So looking forward, I would expect to probably decrease coverage as we feel comfortable using the COVID-specific provisions that we created during last year. Last year we had 2.4 billion COVID-specific provisions, now they increased to 5.6 million. And that's true, decreasing the futures, of course, always that the situation gets better. Okay. Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you, Alejandra, for all your questions as well. We have reached

Thank you for joining us today. Thank you for the interest in our company. We look forward to meeting more of you in the coming months and providing financial and business updates next quarter. In the meantime, we remain available to answer any questions that you may have. Thank you and stay safe and healthy.

