 Good morning.
 Good morning, everyone, and welcome to the Lupus Paviae,
 So we're going to finish with the line on these cars.
 We apologize for the delay.
 This turn out the tiny pressure and arrow.
 a slide presentation with a company today's webinar which is available in the investors
 section of the group's career in vector relations website.
 So the conference call is here with us.
 As a reminder, all participants will be in this building more.
 there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions
 at the end of today's presentation.
 If you want to ask a question, you need to be connected to a small platform from a nearby.
 We will not be able to take your questions if you are connected for much longer.
 So please make sure your name and last name appear in the Zoom platform you are using.
 So I have a question.
 By voice, please press the raise your hand button located
 in the zone platform.
 and press, raise your hand and aim to withdraw your wealth.
 You can also send questions in written form.
 hear the Q&A box in the Zoom platform anytime during the call.
 We will ask you to limit yourselves to one question and a follow-up, and then you can raise your hand again in another round.
 Speaking to you in today's call with me, Patricia Succarbiere, our Chairman and CEO,
 I'll give you a little money, but never leaving Lupa Supervile Sustainability Strategy.
 and Maria Navigna, our chief financial officer.
 Also joining us are Alejandro Spengal, second by Chairman of the Board, Alvancio, and Jorge Ramirez,
 Chairman of the Board, Alejandra Lotham,
 Board Member of General Frust,
 We will also be joining us for today's call.
 will be available for the Q&A session.
 As a reminder, today's call will contain forwarding statements which are based on management,
 expectations, and we leave another object to a number of great talent children, including
 at the research of the COVID-19 pandemic, and I refer you to a forward-looking statement
 section of our learnings, please.
 and we can find things with you.
 We have few new obligations to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect new or change plans or to process.
 Today, Mariano Viria, our CSO, will start recording,
 is starting our performance at Revolta at our near-term output.
 Patricius Corbiella was a manantia with folos, with an atreus,
 when I would make terms for this issue.
 After work, at the level of mining, we provide an overview of the key elements of our year-end
 transition goals.
 Maria Nabilia, please find us an officer.
 Thank you Anna. Good morning everyone. And thank you for joining us today.
 We turn to slide 4 for our turning presentation.
 While we saw a rebound in economic activity to prevent any levels of disorder, we continued
 to operate under challenging market conditions.
 Talking course.
 It starts with A.
 negative real interest rates, an interest-free loan,
 historical laws and growing below inflation in a region
 Central bank regulations continue to weigh on him.
 with a report sequentially in broad results, reporting an atrocious level of 16 million
 pesos in terms of U21 compared to a 348 million pesos in the prior quarter.
 It was mainly driven by lower levels of traditions reflecting our strong underwriting and collection policies,
 along with the pickup in the economic activity.
 Don't worry, experience is also going to be used in performance, but we continue to
 to decide our friends' next move,
 accelerate their own efficiencies and executing our digital and channel transformation strategy.
 Our comparable efficiency ratio, excluding non-regarding severance payments and early retirement charges,
 improved to 71 percent this quarter from 72 percent in the second quarter also significantly impacted
 by a low revenue base.
 Cooping has passed nine months of the year and it's
 Do the number of times charges,
 expenses were down nearly 7% year-on-year.
 We also maintain a solid capital base with year 1 ratio of 14.1% at quarter end and the
 to navigate the current environment and implement our strategic transformation.
 Patricio will provide shortly an update of our progress on our digital and channel transformation agenda,
 followed by a video that will present our key ESG milestones and goals.
 Now please turn to slide 5.
 We expanded our notebook by 5%
 growing about industry levels and recovering market share.
 The world was mainly driven by higher mandatory credit lines to the east, which rose to a
 of nearly 20 billion pesos accounted for over 30% of total loans in quarter from the final
 14 million pesos is the price of water.
 short-term financing to corporate also contributes to long-grow along with strong
 in person of loans, which makes the record high in October.
 You have thought of loans in original currency in terms of the current 10% question.
 Now, moving to funding on plastics.
 The low to deposit ratio remains relatively stable water on water at 63% with liquidity at solid levels.
 as before it is increasing the high single digits quite a bit,
 should be regulated by institutional funding from liquidity management and corporate checking accounts.
 Core deposits were stable, water or water.
 Total deposits in the original currency were at 1.5% sequentially accounting for supply
 90 over 7% of total deposits.
 Turning to slide 7.
 new contractions 2% points to 17% from 19% in the second quarter.
 While GDP growth returns up to an epidemic level allowing us to have to stand on the road,
 over various men with men's weight.
 This, together with a lower yield, manipulation in multiple zones,
 Given that this is a ratio in the price index,
 and regulatory controls continue to exert pressure on me.
 turned into us a quantity on 5A.
 Our strong anti-corruption and collection policies together will improve the economic conditions.
 allows us to reduce the portion of the COVID-19-specific provisions created last year.
 As a result, download provisions between 1.4 billion and 2 billion in the prior quarter.
 In turn, cost of risk net improved to 3.5% from 5.7% in the second quarter.
 At quarter-end, COVID-19 and city-battery provisions amounted to $1.6 billion pesos
 versus 2.4 billion as of June 30.
 Our total provision in ratio is 2.6% in September,
 about a three hundredth level of six point four percent,
 or even in January 2020.
 The total NPR ratio for the quarter increased to an amazing point.
 the question increased to 5.5% in July after speaking to 5.5% in July.
 The sequential increase was mainly driven by the consumer final segment.
 As anticipated, we saw an increase in telecommunications and insurance who are due after the expiration
 of the great period, with the consumer finance and peer ratio reaching a peak of nearly 31%
 To maintain the language, we have time to upgrade policies as you do, so that newer genetic
 zones have a fair rating.
 NPL also increased to 5.1% from 2.2% at the bank's personal loan segment after the expiration
 of the right theory of mandatory reclassification of instruments performing with superviens
 but non-performing with other parts.
 by calling them, cooperating with them, and by creating cards of the sequential improvement in MPL's ratio.
 Slide 9. Although cadence remains suspended due to sustained and immediate disability,
 On the sideline, we share our views on the main drivers of our business for the remainder of the year and 2020.
 We expect to see a growth in line or below inflation in 2021, both commercial and consumer
 loans and about inflation in 2022.
 Don't expect to end the year with the positive growing of all the inflation,
 posted by effects orchestration and to a lower extent by interest-register or some type of office.
 we expect the policies to continue growing up our inflation driven by the same trend.
 With respect to a quality, a satisfaction, NPL speaks this order and I expect you to
 to remain in jail for the crime in Portland, Florida.
 All of the expected coverage to decline as COVID-19 provisions are used for review.
 Cost of relief, in turn, is expected to be below 2020 and 2019 levels, but in line with
 historical levels of five to six percent.
 In terms of margins, for the remainder of the year of 2022, we expect needs to remain
 by higher cost of fans resulting from the impact of the floral interest rate on time
 with bodies.
 because you guys wait for a lot.
 This would be partially upset by higher inflation, together with the credit demand, and to deflate
 if you subscribe while you pick up four historical notes.
 personal and administrative expenses, allowing you to promote the inflation.
 while also reflecting additional destructing costs and expenses, as well as health and
 efficiencies from the execution of our digital and channel presciences.
 higher turnover taxed and extension of the turnover tax reached to the index and rate
 in the city of Buenos Aires will continue to negatively impact expenses.
 At the same time, being up is expected to grow in language integration.
 Finally, we continue to expect capital liquidity to remain at comfortable level, supporting
 long term sustainability.
 A thousand earlier, one hundred percent of our capital is guess-again inflation.
 Now let me call, turn the call to Practices of Perfume, who will provide an update on our strategic initiatives.
 Thank you.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Mariano.
 You heard Mariano present our financial results and views for the remainder of the year in
 in 2022.
 In this challenging context, we remain fully focused on advancing on our transformation
 in the next video.
 Thanks for watching.
 Starting with the transformation of our branch channels,
 using best-in-class technologies to facilitate self-service banking and expand at any reach
 reach with the vision of every world anytime banking.
 First, digitized customers have increased consistently over the last two years and were up 76% since March last year.
 and keeping a strong focus on the customer experience,
 we recently deployed an upgraded version of the bank's mobile app,
 rate is 4.4 in the play store and 4.3 in the app store.
 So, with a successful performance of a vehicle half MPT is for individual in the province
 of fans and wheeze was starting to scale this hybrid model to other regions and segments
 and expanding our footprint while offering us to do your customer experience combining
 in the strength of our faith to face approach,
 the higher efficiency we are going to have.
 This also allows us to expand our footprints through our national territory without giving
 in practice. And fourth, in the past four months, we've modernised and expanded services
 to us in these unrelated segments.
 11 branches that were previously solely dedicated to senior citizens and expect, we expect to
 convert four additional branches to multi-second format before year end.
 No, please turn to slide 11.
 At the same time, we have been introducing technology
 for the innovation of our senior students and branches,
 as we did in Saskia with banking for this customer segment,
 which was the least advanced in terms of digital adoption.
 Let me share some examples of the success of these initiatives.
 To allow for extended banking hours and higher efficiencies, we enlarge our 24-hour lobbies,
 increasing the number of biometric cash dispensers located in these lobbies.
 As I've said, cash dispensers in our 24 lobbies, 34 lobbies, accounted for 53% of total cash
 his friends had around 24% before the pandemic and nearly 40% a year ago. As a result, the
 number of transactions as human tithes decline sharply to two percent of total transactions
 from 11% a year ago and 22% before the pandemic.
 We are also seeing continued adoption of our digital app.
 Thank you.
 90 days locked in customers through the hour, increasing over 144% when compared to first
 Please send to sites 12.
 As you can see, we are also advancing on the right-sizing of our branch network.
 The introduction of best-in-class technologies
 with 10 service hours, particularly in self-service banking in some branches, while converting
 others to food service, which is allowing us to enhance customer service and productivity.
 As a result, we closed one branch in second quarter and then closed another 16, between
 is a remainder of 2021, the next year.
 subject to central bank authorization.
 Dignitious is how allow us to lower headcount by nearly 6% year-on-year.
 Please now turn to slide 13.
 Our IT infrastructure strategy includes creating an API environment to accelerate service development
 And time to mark it to control our customer journey.
 In the first nine months of the year, we added a total of 95 ADIs and planned to add an other
 by the end of 2022.
 We are also advancing on the implementation of the data lake to become a data-driven enterprise
 while migrating technology to a high-bridge multi-cloud to provide the flexibility to
 more efficiently.
 About $20.
 about 20% of our technology was already migrated to the cloud and we expect to
 It's 30% by your end.
 with 70% of our technology anticipated to be migrated to the cloud by the end of year 2024.
 Please, now turn to page 14.
 We are also making progress on deploying our growth strategy for you-do-and-you-do
 services.
 Last week, we were formally launching YouTube, mobile, retail, digital, saving, content,
 will enable that to grow our candidate and attract low-cost funding at this
 After a successful soft launch in last August, you do have a chance to do a soft launch
 I've already opened.
 two hundred and thirty thousand accounts among current customers.
 You do times also have access to a wide range of digital banking services, insurance, and
 wellness offerings and we will continue adding new features and services in the coming months.
 have made progress in our goal of diversifying revenue origination beyond Argentina by deploying
 well-being and health services under the B2C or B2B2C format in certain countries in
 in Latam, excluding Brazil.
 We are in decent advancing with group assistive and Europe assistance to implement in second
 quarter 2022 be to see well-being and health services in Paraguay. The offering will consist
 medical health, dentistry, pharmacy, medical emergency, and veterinary services.
 This will be marketed through the Udo Wellness Marketplace, which will host a variety of
 of wellness services on the one platform,
 offering customers a simple and convenient
 and simple experience.
 additional information about the progress of our digital TBI's and more detailed description
 of all these initiatives and timelines.
 can be found at the back of our earnings call presentation.
 In summary, we will, while we saw improved activity in the quarter, near-term profitability
 is expected to remain impacted by overall weak credit demand, pressure, and needs, together
 with the costs and investments required to continue building our ecosystem and execute
 transformation strategy. This strategy is necessary to retain and enhance our customer
 and our current customer relationships while attracting new digital clients and driving
 operation efficiency is the longer term when demand resumes.
 Now, before opening the call to Q&A, let me turn the call to Adelaide Oro, one of our
 board members and responsible for leading our easy ENT strategy, who will provide an
 an update on all our initiatives and ambitions on this front.
 Atiyah, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Patricia.
 As group was about here, we understand the need for a more long-term and more sustainable view of shareholder value creation.
 And so, not long ago, a more philanthropic vision
 present in our corporate social responsibility model. As of 2019, CSR is integrated into
 the group's core business, who are responsible management model, oriented towards sustainability.
 Sphere Dark is no longer a goal, a contribution per year to NGOs, it is a way of doing business.
 We believe that how, not just what, matters in the business value creation process.
 In this new phase, we have assumed a commitment to grow sustainably, protecting the environment
 and pursuing our business strategy
 in a socially responsible manner.
 We believe that enhanced disclosure of non-financial information, such as environmental, social
 and governance-related factors satisfies the growing demand for an alignment of
 of corporate financial performance, with a company's performance in non-financial factors.
 To develop our ESG strategy, we have defined our failures and commitments shown on slide 15.
 In slide 16 we present our ESG recent and most relevant highlights.
 In terms of our environmental responsibility, we work to reduce the impact of our operations
 on the environment by implementing a responsible environmental management system.
 We have been measuring our carbon footprint since 2019, and we compensate for greenhouse
 missions to protect forest ecosystems. Renewable energy represents 14% of those of energy consumption
 in our presence.
 In this position, we have implemented a plastic weight management program to eliminate single
 use plastics and we have reduced paper consumption by 46% compared with 2019.
 Note that 75% of the paper consumed maternity is responsibly salt paper to protect porous
 ecosystems.
 In connection with social responsibility
 if we focus on financial education, which is the year set of financial inclusion, more
 More than 88,000 senior citizen clients attended this is a literacy and financial education
 programs conducted in alliance with 21 universities in certain programs and the city of Buenos Aires.
 95% of transactions are conducted through our digital and automatic channels.
 Diversity is also a key aspect of our social responsibility.
 In 2021, we launched a comprehensive program
 to promote a diverse and inclusive world culture.
 We also work on more than 26 corporate philanthropy programs
 with focus on education, childhood, senior people, and civic strengthening initiatives.
 With respect to our responsibility with good governance, we believe a robust corporate
 financed that is key for guaranteeing a stable business model over the long term.
 and young recently conducted a risk-regulatory assessment and verified 97% compliance with
 inventory of applications.
 The area of compliance monitors the correction prevention program at a wisdom-loving hotline
 allows employees, suppliers, and clients to report any amount of practice unlawful or
 or an ethical behavior.
 We have defined quantifiable metrics for our sustainability initiatives.
 On slide 17, you will see the key and most prevalent,
 ESC goals for 2024. In relation to our environmental responsibility, we have set the following goals.
 We will continue to measure our carbon footprint set in a goal of 6% reduction and 50% carbon
 compensation to protect millenary forces. And, on the other hand, a target of 45% of
 or total portfolio screened and analyzed through our environmental and social rich policy.
 With respect to our social responsibility, we have set the following goals.
 33% of women in senior executive positions by 2024, and 120,000 people attending our financial
 programs.
 Finally, our responsibility with good governance goes include publishing fully integrated sustainability
 report by 2020, prepared according to the global reporting initiative, and in addition, we
 We aim to have 100% of our strategic suppliers submitting a State-of-the-art mission form
 assessing compliance with our policies related to human rights, diversity and governance
 Thank you, Adilio, at this time, we will be collecting the questions and answer sessions.
 session as a reminder to ask a question you need to be connected to the Zoom platform.
 It will not be able to take your questions if you are connected from a home line to a
 ask a question by voice, please press or raise your hand button and press it again to withdraw your question.
 You can also send your questions in written form via the Q&A box.
 We will ask you to limit yourself to one question after the last one.
 One moment.
 what we call full play.
 The first question has come from Agnesto de la Milondo at Pancos America.
 Please go back here the next time.
 Thank you, Anna. Good morning, Patricio, Mariano, Patilio. Good morning, everyone.
 Thank you for your presentation and for the opportunity.
 My first question is on the political outlook
 in Argentina. After the midterm elections, I would like to know which do you think are
 the key challenges ahead, and if you think there are potential key dates, we should be
 following.
 So that's my first question.
 Well, first of all, there was a clear win of the opposition, and I believe that, I mean,
 The president has announced that in December, this December, they will present a multiyear
 program in order to have the approval of Congress.
 And what we expect, I mean, we know that there is a deadline with the IMF, so there is a short
 time frame for the government to negotiate this multiyear plan in order to make it, to
 about more sustainable physical policies affects more,
 more realistic also effects.
 levels in order to enhance export-oriented industries and to strengthen the results of
 central bank.
 But what is not yet really clear is whether there is a clear line in the government in
 In order to make this, let's say, a commitment for this economic plan, we will see this
 It's going to be an interesting period, but I think also the attitude, what is important
 the attitude of the IMF, whether it will, they say, allow for sort of a model through economic
 policy until 2023 or there will be streets in the sense that they want to have a lessening
 of public expenditures and reduction of South cities and so on.
 So this is what we are looking for.
 I don't know if you want to add something as a counter on that.
 I think you've hit most of the points, Patricia.
 As you said, it's key to understand what the scope and the depth of the agreement with the IMF will be
 and going back to our next question.
 As today, I think that you should follow carefully these talks to be able to establish
 when an agreement is reached.
 So thank you so much. Then just a second question on the Fintech competitive landscape. I will
 If you can share with us who you see as the main players, the one I have on top of my
 mind is Uwala. And how do you think Uwala and your new digital initiatives are against
 and other syntaxes.
 Okay, I think that, I mean, Wala, basically, is focusing on providing solutions for people
 who don't have bank accounts and they are giving a value proposition on that.
 And...
 But the...
 The main problem is that they don't have deposits.
 This is the reason why they are applying for a banking license in order to reach scale
 in Argentina, you need to have a license to get the coverage and you can see this for
 For instance, if you look at the sites of the funds that were collected by Mercado O'Paggo
 by Ricardo Pago in relation to the fine industry is nearly irrelevant and they've been working
 So this is an, this is an example that the, let's say, only working with a transactionality
 as a flinted player in Argentina, they're not able to reach, they need to have, let's
 that it's abindizement in order to become a player in Argentina because of the restrictions
 we are in Argentina.
 In the case of UDU, UDU is transforming itself from a consumer finance operation fully of
 almost fully focused in providing financial services, credit cards and personal loans
 to people, customers who come to the Walmart,
 Tango mass
 supermarket stores towards now a full digital service and we for our main goal now will be to
 which will attract deposits, retail deposits, and this will have a significant impact for
 to, I believe, to lower our cost of funds and to have a much more sustainable business
 And I think it will impact a lot in the overall,
 and then getting from revenue of untapped creation of Group of Superviel.
 I don't know if you want to add something on the indexer or if I'm wrong.
 I think you mentioned the key issue of funding and access to funding.
 I also think that you do have a terrific job at enhancing customer experience and putting
 together a very superior product offering, and I think those two things combined with
 the strength of the hunting capability would make a very strong positioning in the market
 in the next quarters.
 Thank you, Patricio and Alejandro.
 very helpful
 Next question comes from Gabriel Nobrega at SISI.
 Hello. Good morning, Gabriel. Please go ahead.
 I'm sorry about that.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm trying to call difficulties.
 So thank you for the opportunity to ask questions.
 My first question is actually on a loan demand.
 if you could elaborate further what's
 deriving this higher demand, which we're seeing.
 I know that she's saying in your press release that it can do two different programs focused
 on the SMEs, but I just wanted to understand if you think that we are at an inflection
 points where loan demand isn't going to start increasing and then how are you going to be
 able to control your adverse selection in this scenario and ask a second question afterwards.
 Thank you.
 Okay, we have said, I mean, it's real that we are in a very low point of low demand,
 play its own demand and we believe that it has mainly to do with the lack of business confidence
 and also consumer confidence.
 So, we need these signals to reignite the known demand.
 And having said that, there are certain particular enterprises that are export-oriented and they
 They continue to perform well in the economy, and they are asked, I mean, they, we continue
 to serve them with different kinds of credits, particularly pre-export financing.
 Also, there are enterprises that take advantage of stuff such as loans to take leading lines
 where we are very strong in living in order to replace equipment.
 but
 And for individuals, I think it's the same problem.
 very, very, very lack of, I mean, lack of, of, of appetite for, for long demand, what
 that we see eventually is uninteresting in car financing because people see in Argentina
 and to take ours to be a protection of value.
 So, used card financing is driving a certain number of loans at the bank level and also
 you do. I don't know if you want to add on that.
 Basically, I would mention that what we've seen during most of the pandemic until there
 with the China fight in which the economy is talking to pick up, was that the working
 capital of most of the economies and corporates has been growing down so
 So if there is an effect of resenishing working capital as the economy picks up, and that's
 what we are supporting.
 In terms of the adverse selection,
 whichever is the second part of your question.
 We are focusing on first on our own tracks and helping them take off and regain much
 economic activity and in many sectors we're seeing that the level of economic activity
 facts with pre-pandemic levels and in some sectors even beyond that so the
 The first focus is on trying to get we know on sexes which we operate is on and the value
 change that we've worked in.
 The other focus is really supporting a pickup in some sort of export-oriented sectors.
 For example, me acting, which are really picking up and assuring good progress too.
 So we believe that there is significant room for growth from, as Adizio pointed out, very
 low credit demonstration levels.
 In addition, in order to control, let's say, credit rates also are a large substantial
 part of an individual, for instance, the case of individuals, the substantial part of a
 Our personal loans are given to individuals that collect their salaries in the bank.
 it's around seventy percent of all
 all personal financing is with, you know, with debiting their accounts at the bank.
 So these also allow us, let's say, an adverse selection, and for enterprises, for corporations,
 I also said, in addition to what Alejandro mentioned, is that we continue to do a lot
 That's cool.
 Thanks.
 financing, which is by itself, you know, it's a way of controlling risk.
 But inflection points, I think we need to wait a truly inflection point.
 I think we will reach it in 2020-2023 with a political change, is my opinion.
 All right. That's very clear. Thank you.
 And I actually have a follow-up from the previous question on the FIMDIC landscape.
 I understand that you have talked about Tuvala and what I wanted to understand is that you
 You want to show this that you have around 500,000 digital customers, but when you compare
 with Amwala, they already issued more than 2 million pre-paid cards and so I want to
 understand here, is there a strategy from you to grow slower the number of clients,
 Maybe try to monetize them faster.
 or are you still aiming at them adding clients
 in the faster manner in the coming quarters.
 Yes, you know, one thing that you have to bear in mind when you look at these figures
 is whether these operations are making money or not and how long it will take to
 to monetize all this customer acquisition. What we've seen in financial services is just recruiting
 which means it's not enough to be able to have a favorable strategy at this time.
 This is why we emphasize in our strategy the ability of having the right funding, particularly
 in the Argentine environment.
 And secondly, in trying to have a principle or an integral relationship in cross-selling
 several products. We approach this segment with this more comprehensive view and we aim
 absolutely at having this relationship of several products with the right funding to
 to be able to drive and grow.
 We believe that it comes to income proportion
 it would be much better.
 and that's the leverage we can have
 on our capital over a deposit base that we would capture
 would allow us to scale adequately with a very efficient model.
 Alright, thank you so much.
 Thank you, Gabriel.
 Our next question comes from Rodrigo Néstor
 from other partners.
 No radio, go ahead.
 Hi, good morning, and thank you for the opportunity.
 I have a question regarding the income tax rate
 If you could explain part of the reasons behind the high effective tax rate and what should
 which tack is going forward and then you have a follow up.
 Maria, I know you want to go now.
 Yes, I can comment on that, Jero Rodríguez.
 For the income tax rate, we have two main sources that increase the effective tax rate.
 Okay, that's a 30.
 The income tax rate is 35%, but there are certain differences between the statutory income statement
 as they can stagnate for tax return.
 the main differences arrived from the value of fixed taxes acquired before 2015 are very
 So they create an increasing cost at the income for income taxes is higher than our profits
 before income tax in our statutory income statement.
 And second, and probably more important,
 I have to do with, uh, we report that actors and episodes carry forward,
 which they are not according to the income that's sold,
 They are not adjusted and they don't approve any interest.
 So we have, mainly as you do, we have 1.2 billion pesos in the first half assets and
 and steps forward, and these assets lose value over time with inflation.
 So that loss of value as it relates to income tax, according to AFRH, is recognized in the income tax line item.
 So that increases the chance of being able to find items and create, in turn, a higher
 Both of them have a larger impact when property scoring can be taxed slower than we had as
 last year, the profit difference in capital for the investors,
 this impact would only increase at 30,000 strikes, maybe from 35% to 40%.
 But when the project before income tax is lower, it has a great impact, and it's turning it up to 100% eventually.
 Thank you.
 And then if I may have a more strategic question and maybe to Patricio, I would like to know
 know very briefly what makes him more enthusiastic about the future of the industry and what
 constancy the most about today's Argentina banking system?
 Well, I think that the financial, the financial industry is, is bearing, is bearing the, the,
 the cost of an economy which is not in equilibrium and of course what worries me is that a main
 business which is providing loans to the private sector has diminished over the last three years
 And you can see this in the loan to deposit ratio, which is a minimum in historic levels.
 And I think it reflects what is happening in the financial industry as a whole,
 do it to the lack of demand. And also, there's another aspect which also worries me is the
 lack of savings. And the lack of savings has also to do with the lack of confidence in
 in our currency. We have a confidence problem. We need to get dear signals for investment,
 Here's a sequence for re-derivination.
 clear signals for export industries, clear signals for having an equilibrium in the monetary
 I mean, in the monetary policies in order to have a currency that, I mean, that basically
 it gets to lower inflation in the part of the enthusiasm factor.
 How?
 I mean the first question was what makes you enthusiastic what I want to make me
 I mean, my integration, I think, has basically is related to, let's say, I think, if there
 The reason what we have seen on the political side now is that I think there is a request
 of the society to have a more pro-market political economy, and I hope that they will, I mean
 government will hear these requests of the society to have a more pro-market stance.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you, Rodrigo.
 Our next question comes from Juan Recalde
 at Scousa Bank.
 Good morning, Juan. Go ahead.
 Hi, good morning everyone. Thank you for taking my question. I have two questions
 One is related to NIM and the second one related to the international expansion.
 So, in terms of NIM, you mentioned that you expect NIM pressure to continue given the
 low, low demand and regulations.
 So, my question there is, does this quarter reflect the full regulatory pressure or can
 you expect me to continue to go down in the coming quarters, and related to that, how is
 the bank working to limit the name pressure.
 and the second question related to international expansion.
 Can you help us understand this strategy
 for expanding outside Argentina.
 Are there any goals that you can share with us?
 And also, can the bank, can the group freely move capital
 capital outside the country with the current regulations?
 Okay. Okay. Let's first answer about the names.
 My annual will help, but I would like to state that there is a pressure, there is a continuous pressure of news,
 and mainly to do with the punitive regulations of the central bank.
 But also, it has a lot to do with the lack of demand of loans.
 and those results, it will help us as a entity and to the state to have better names.
 But you want to answer the first question on this, Mariano.
 sure, but the hero, hero 1, what in effect at this quarter we are seeing that the full impact
 of central bank regulations and also an upper economic environment, so we have a very negative
 in interest rates, with ZX paying 30% interest rate,
 uh... we both
 twenty-eighths
 5 and that compares with an inflation of more than 50% of the total amount, this needs also
 Thank you.
 very low grade in mine.
 And in that environment, we have regulated flows for high deposits because we wouldn't
 And normally it's lower, the infrastructure has to pay on time before this, so we make positive
 So, it's a very challenging environment and we also use Japanese speed at the pulling
 the impact of it in this quarter, whereas you can see we have the lowest team in the last five quarters.
 regarding the second part of your question, what we can do to sustain and increase that
 in the future, we end to not regulate the tender policies, but mainly, for instance,
 in savings accounts and corporate coverage accounts,
 We have increased the average volume of corporate accounts before, and we are seeing that also
 in the part of the fourth quarter.
 So that is very important.
 Also, then, we need to reserve a long portfolio
 That's great.
 We've seen in the last quarter, particularly the third year, we saw a growth of 5% in real
 terms, so we're getting a bit of market share there, and it's still in the
 loans at our mandatory, so we definitely have still a very large positive income in NIM,
 but a long road we wish we replace central by the instrument by loans to the private sector
 And that's what we intend to do in the future, and we expect 2022 to be a year where we
 growth above inflation and that will lead us to increase new.
 In terms of the international expansion that we want to pursue beyond our development,
 I mean, we're creating revenues beyond Argentina.
 user services, which is basically a platform to deliver health services and also services
 well-being services to individuals, we will start deploying, we will reach re-agreements
 with two companies.
 European assistance, and as you see, it is an out-of-time company that provides health
 services.
 And your positions is more here to well-being,
 servicing in the home of each of an individual.
 that is with which an agreement to start deploying in part, I think in the second quarter of 2022.
 And basically, what they are doing is they will be funding,
 they will be providing that commercials, I mean,
 commercial funding, which this is basically, we will use this funding in order to deploy
 digital marketing in order to attract customers.
 And it's going to be like our first bridgehead in Latin America beyond Argentina from there
 We plan to continue to go to other countries.
 It's a business that, I mean, our goal, our goal in YouTube services is in three years
 from now to, let's say, to have 200,000 customers in five countries.
 So, this will give us...
 They are a million customers in queers, this is what we plan to get and this is basically
 just to give you an idea, in Argentina,
 with the same length of pieces, it's already up.
 220,000 customers that we developed, providing these services, so we believe that we can
 reach that and get revenues beyond Argentina.
 Then, for Invertil Online, Invertil Online, we are working on a business plan.
 We already said that we request another authorization to be in the central back of Uruguay to pursue
 a regional, to provide regional investment services
 in Latin America, excluding Brazil, particularly for providing investment services in the US
 market and so we are working on the technological platform to deliver this from you, why from
 with these dice and sauce, do you?
 proper licensing you require.
 And in addition to this, in order to start our deployment, we already have secured around
 $5,000 that are already in a holding out of Argentina,
 So basically, evidence that were based from, from, he was, he was online in Argentina and
 And if they were paid, and they could see they are in holding, I'll tell you about your
 team.
 we're going to use that with...
 That's very cool. Thank you.
 Thank you, Juan.
 And then our next question comes from Sandra Aranda, as he has a e-call.
 Hello, good morning, Alessandra.
 Hi, good morning, and thank you for the opportunity.
 I have two questions, if I may.
 The first one is related to the cost.
 I mean, I was positively surprised by the performance
 this quarter, and given that the outlook is challenging on the income side, I was wondering
 what to expect going forward, especially given the right sighting that you've been doing.
 Okay, um, do you want to go on that then, Mariano?
 Oh, you're the first.
 I think I'll start with Mariano, they're correct.
 Hello all of you.
 There are also opportunities for enhancing our efficiency.
 many have been triggered by the acceleration of the adoption of digital and automated channels
 Strong tall project network.
 The others come from the digital transformation process,
 We've been discussing all of the large quarters.
 and all these boils down to a reduction
 in the total amount of headcount we need to operate,
 and a reduction in the total amount of approaches.
 We also see opportunities of the revenues time,
 because the digital capabilities are giving us an opportunity to expand our footprint
 without actually having to deploy a physical branch network.
 So this combination is helping as you've noticed,
 and we foresee this trend to continue through 2022.
 Okay, but in terms of a level of efficiencies that we should be looking at for the next
 a couple of quarters.
 Well, you know, you see them at 6% in green.
 Sorry, it's literally in headcount, and I think that we will probably be around that level moving forward.
 Okay, okay
 Yes, Alejandra also to complement what Alejandro said also, as you do, is also in the middle
 of a huge transformation from a consumer finance company where business was done mainly in
 the traffic of supermarkets and towards a full digital banking service, and that entails
 a change of the way we do business, even in the, for instance, in the case of supermarket,
 the people that are in the supermarket, we will foster a much more, let's say,
 The way clients interact will be much more digital, and so this, we will see in 2022,
 substantial efficiency in terms of account also what you do because of this transformation
 that we are working on.
 And so you will see this in, you know, overall group.
 We have a significant reduction of headcounts in 2022.
 It's nice to buy it.
 Thank you.
 If I may follow up on that,
 I mean, there's a huge demand for digital jobs and digital-in-native workers.
 How are you, how are you seeing the market there? How are you competing with the fintech and also with
 with the so-called blue labor with other companies from abroad coming and taking the opportunity
 to hire people for a good chip swap.
 Alright, it's a very good question.
 At the end of the day, you want to go to a twice-come retention of talents, basically.
 It's becoming more and more challenging, and yes, we are competing with Fintechs, with
 pick text and also with international companies that are hiring Argentine
 and talents for work abroad.
 So it is becoming challenging.
 What we've done is basically a first focus on the key areas where we're getting most
 This is basically digital talent, as you pointed out.
 We're working there on value proposition and there are several aspects of the way that
 that we work and the ability to address the different needs that our workforce has under
 challenging times. So part of it has to do with adjusting the way we work at
 at work, please.
 As I mentioned before, the value proposition, adjusting it to market and keeping track on
 but also introducing other different alternatives in the way in which we
 compensate and in the way that we motivate. Some of these are basically out of focus groups
 that we do with the teams and also require a greater involvement in the digital transformation
 of some of the seniors of the organization to help the new talent navigate.
 We think that this problem will actually become greater over time because the transformation
 between a superior is getting more and more at visibility.
 So we are getting prepared for it and we are having so far good success in retaining some
 of the cases that have been caused forward,
 but then it is getting tougher going forward.
 Okay, thank you
 May I do a third one?
 Yes, short one. What's the minimum level that you think comfortable in terms of coverage?
 Yes, I can comment on that. As you know, we work with expected loss models according to
 IFRF, it's so, there's no, like a magic percentage, like to say 100% or 150, it will depend on
 the loan portfolio, or the need for that portfolio, looking forward, you know that there's
 by the components of the expected loss,
 And that is the forward-looking part of the model.
 So we're going to go through a little bit of what we've got right now.
 we would think it's other way as we thought it was other ways to have a larger coverage
 in the past where we had less disability and also the automatic risk of what was in place.
 So, looking forward, I would expect to probably increase coverage as we feel more comfortable
 with...
 Thank you.
 using the code in specific provisions that we created last year.
 Last year, we had 2.4 billion copy-specific provisions, now they decreased to 1.6 million,
 And that should decrease in the future, of course, always
 that the situation gets back to normal.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you Alitandra, thank you for all your questions as well, we have reached today's
 is quite an answer session.
 Thank you for joining us today.
 Thank you for the interest in our company.
 We look forward to meeting more of you,
 over the coming months, I'm providing financial and business
 update next quarter.
 In the interim, we'll remain available to answer any questions that we have.
 Thank you and stay safe and healthy.