 Good day, everyone, and welcome to LATAM Airlines Group Earnings Release Conference Call.
 Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 LATAM Airlines Group earnings release for the period was
 distributed on Tuesday, March 3rd
 If you have not received it, you can find it in our website at www.latamairlandsgroup.net
 in the Investor Relations section.
 At this time, I would like to point out that statements regarding the company's business outlook
 and anticipated financial and operating results
 constitute forward-looking comments.
 These expectations are highly dependent on the economy, the airline industry, and the international markets.
 Therefore, they are subject to change.
 Now it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Ramiro Alfonsin, Chief Financial Officer of LATAM Airlines Group.
 Mr. Alfonsim, please begin.
 Thank you, Carmen, and good morning, everyone,
 and welcome to LATAM Airlines' fourth quarter earnings call.
 Joining me today are Mr. Roberto Albo, Chief Commercial Officer, Mr. Jérôme Cadier, CEO
 of Lata Manila in Brazil, and Mr. Andres Delvaje, VP of Corporate Finance.
 Please join me on slide two, where you will find the highlights for the full year 2019.
 in.
 We quickly reacted to growth opportunities in the region after the cease of operations
 of some airlines in the region.
 As a consequence, we grew in ASKs by 4.1%, and during 2019, LATAM carried 74 million passengers.
 The highest number in our history and more than 5 million additional passengers, half of them in Brazil,
 compared to 2018.
 This represented more growth than any other airline in the region.
 In addition to growth,
 we continued improving two main pillars where we put special attention, our operations and
 and our customers.
 Regarding our operations, we improve the capillarity of our network, especially from our
 network.
 in Santiago, Lima, and Sao Paulo.
 At the same time, we put a special focus on the reliability of our operations.
 We are proud to be named the most punctual airline in the world in the megacarrier category
 by AOG
 and dicerium.
 with approximately
 86% of our flights
 being on time.
 In 2019, we have also been recognized as the most punctual airline in Brazil.
 CASC XQ remains stable at $0.4.5, despite challenges and the effects of the social unrest in the region, in particular in Chile.
 Growing in shorter roots and cutting capacity in longer roots
 mainly those from Argentina early in the year due to the devaluation of the PESO,
 reduced our average
 stage length by 3% for the year,
 diluting fixed cost per flight in fewer health days.
 In addition, the grounding of the Boeing 787 took longer than anticipated,
 and we had an average of three aircraft on ground during 2019 due to engine delays,
 which we expect to recover by the second quarter of 2020.
 On the other hand, currencies devaluation helped us to upset part of these effects,
 and will remain stable in CASC ex-fuel during the whole 2019 compared to 2018.
 regarding customers
 we executed a strategic
 investments to better serve our
 for passengers and improve their travel experience.
 During 2019, we invested in our passengers as never before.
 We acquired MultiPlus and we launched our now unified Frequent Flyer program under the Latam Pass brand,
 becoming the fourth largest
 pre-conciler program in the world.
 We launched the first planes with our new cabins,
 designed to offer an industry-leading onboard experience
 and to better serve different types
 of passengers.
 We currently have a number of passengers.
 We currently have 67 aircraft retrofitted of the 170 we are targeting in this phase.
 and that will be concluded by the end of this year, 2020.
 In addition, we launched our new business service
 and the premium economy service that later Andres will detail.
 As a result, our passengers recognize us with several awards, such as the best online in
 in South America by Skytrax World Airline Awards.
 and the best global airline of South America.
 according to the APEX Passenger Choice Awards, among others.
 In synthesis, during 2019, we improved our network.
 We improved our operations and our customer service and further strengthen our position
 as the leading airline in the region
 and one of the main airline groups in the world.
 As previously announced,
 LATAM will lead the One World Alliance
 on May 1st, 2020.
 that will maintain the existing bilateral agreements with all of the One World members
 with the exception of American Airlines.
 and will continue to offer customer benefits such as earning and redeeming of miles,
 reciprocal lounge access, among other benefits.
 We are happy to report a net income of $190 million for the full year 2019.
 For the third year in a row, we increased our total revenues, reaching more than $10.4 billion.
 once again
 this revenue increase was driven by our passenger operations, which increased 3.4% year-over-year.
 Once again,
 we generated over $1 billion
 in free cash flow
 despite the one-time investments in multiples
 and the investments we are carrying out by upgrading our cabins of the 170 planes.
 In 2020, we will finish the retrofit of all these cabins.
 This cash flow generation allowed us to reduce our financial debt during the year
 and reached a leverage of 4.0 times as of December 2019.
 while maintaining a healthy liquidity position
 of approximately 20%.
 We further reduced fleet commitments for the following years,
 which will give us
 even more financial flexibility
 for the upcoming years.
 The agreement with Delta announced last September is a recognition of the footprint that LATAM has in the region,
 and we are excited about the benefits
 that this strategic agreement will bring to our shareholders, customers,
 and then pro-ease.
 Delta is currently a shareholder of LATAM
 after successfully completing the tender offer of 20% of the shares of LATAM.
 In addition, our affiliates in Colombia, Peru, and Ecuador implemented new co-chairs agreements
 with Delta.
 We have already announced co-chairs in Brazil to be implemented starting in the first half of this year,
 and we expect to announce
 coaches in Chile, also during
 in the first half of 2020.
 We also signed a loyalty program agreement that will enable reciprocal pre-complier benefits
 starting April 1, 2020, with Delta.
 Latam Pass members will be able to earn and redeem miles on Delta flights to more than 300 destinations worldwide.
 We already reallocated our flights to JFK from Terminal 8 to Terminal 4.
 to better serve passengers connecting with Delta flights.
 We could not be happier with all these achievements,
 and we want to thank our employees for the efforts during this year.
 Together, we solidified LATAM's position in the region, and we improved our competitiveness.
 Before turning the call to Andres for more detail in the fourth quarter,
 We would like to thank our customers for their continued support
 and express our commitment to providing the best travel experience
 and connectivity in Latin America.
 The recent outbreak of coronavirus doesn't have a thing different.
 We are following it closely, monitoring constantly its evolution and working closely with health
 authorities.
 Our crews and ground staff are prepared to handle situations of this nature.
 For us, the most important is the safety of our passengers and crews,
 And therefore, we suspended our flight from Sao Paulo to Milan until April 16.
 In addition, we have frozen all non-essential hiring and discretionary expenses and investments.
 with that
 I would like to
 I will send the call to Andres Del Valle,
 of corporate finance.
 to analyze the fourth quarter in more detail.
 Thank you, Romero, and good morning, everyone.
 Please turn to slide three,
 how you'll find the summary of the income statement.
 The company reached $2.9 billion in the fourth quarter.
 will be sending an increase of 3%
 year-over-year. Capacity group 3.2% in the quarter were
 revenues for SK
 group exceeding 1% in data terms
 of the Receptor Pace Health,
 domestic birth in the market
 and they recover
 and international unit revenues.
 As a result, total investment revenues rose 6.5%.
 Capital revenues decrease by 10.2% year-over-year in line with the previous quarter
 due to the sale of a former
 cartical subsidiary in Mexico,
 matter and more input
 in the region and the
 substance caused by the events in Chile.
 A lot of revenues decreased 24% to $113 million,
 dollars explained by the merger
 of multiples with
 LATAM-LS in Brazil.
 Multi-process
 revenues are now recognized
 and the passive revenues, same as the revenues
 supervising the program
 that I'm past.
 Total cost increased by 3.1% in quotas to $2.5 million, and as a result, our operating
 income for the quarter
 amounted to $350 million.
 This is 2% higher than last year's operating results, while operating margin reached 12.2%.
 Net income amounted to $227 million in the fourth quarter.
 This is a decline of 163 millionaires last year,
 mainly explained by that $222 million decline in foreign change gain year-over-year.
 Looking at full-year figures on the right side of the slide,
 Revenues rose 0.6% to $10.4 billion, while cost grew by 2%, due to an increase of 4.1%
 in capacity, resulting in a decline
 of 1%, 1.8%
 and cost per ASK.
 With that, operating income for the year was $742 million
 and others and operating margin 7.1% in line with our previous guidance.
 Lastly, our net income amounted to $190 million for the full year 2019.
 Please turn to slide four.
 Looking at the different business units, you can see that international revenues are showing
 in recovery year-over-year.
 This is a result of the active capacity management of the company.
 international segment
 were defended at approximately
 only 51% of the totalized cases in the quarter,
 down from 54% in the previous quarter,
 as a result of the 5% decrease in capacity
 in the post-corder.
 So, I think we're going to do that.
 Thank you.
 declined by 500%
 and load factor goes 0.2% of points to 83.2%.
 Revenues for this case were $0.06, which is 4.6% higher than the same photo of last year.
 Looking at the domestic
 for deliberations, which represents
 30% of the total age gain
 Total capacity increased by 17.7% and traffic by 20%.
 Load factor reached 8,500%.
 This is one from seven percentage points.
 higher above the fourth quarter of 2018.
 team.
 of Brazil, leave 14 RCAP previously operated by Bank of Brazil at the beginning of the
 year.
 access everything in that manner.
 its growth compared with the first half of the year
 mainly by operating the slots obtained after the exit of the Bianca Brazil.
 In addition, the continued recovery of Brazilian domestic demands
 for previous first case
 goes up at 13% in local currency
 and 6% goes in
 use sort of terms, reaching 7.1 cents in the quarter.
 in some speaking countries
 domestic operations, which all together exempt 19% of the total capacity, capacity rose 9%,
 While traffic grew 3.8% and load factor reached 78.3%,
 This is almost four points lower than the same quarter 2018, affected by the social
 and what's in Chile.
 Okay.
 Excluding Chilean operations, capacity growth 13% and profit growth 12%, which is a load factor of 82%.
 Revenues per escape declined by 4.7% through the quarter may lead to devaluation of local
 .
 Thanks, Carl.
 Excluding foreign change effects,
 Revenues per escase would have grown 5% in the Spanish-speaking countries' domestic
 countries.
 reasons.
 As a result, overall, passing capacity grew by 3.2% year-over-year this quarter.
 revenues for its case growth
 3.1%, you have a year
 and load factor would mean
 relatively stable at 83%.
 Lastly, if we exclude the fact of a former Mexican subsidiary,
 operations increase capacity by
 0.6%
 when traffic
 declined 0.6%.
 We saw a decline of 0.7% in points in load factor to 56.4%.
 Revenues for S&K declined by 8.7% in the fourth quarter, mainly driven by lower imports into
 return
 especially to Brazil and Argentina
 and disruptions
 that really
 by the social unrest in Chile during the fourth quarter of 2019.
 Please turn to slide number five.
 Once again, I'm showing the slide so that you can track the main changes by point-of-sale
 of the production and carbon revenues
 in the past 12 months.
 On the left side, you can see the prevalence by point of sale in 2018.
 Here, Brazil represented approximately 35% of total revenues, while Argentina represented
 10% of it's revenues.
 and if you move to the
 drafted right, which reflects the
 governments by country
 after the same period in 2019.
 We can see a four-point increase for Brazil
 while Argentina declined four points
 accounted for only 6%
 as a point of sale.
 This diversification allows us to adjust our operations
 and to accept the impacts that we may face in certain markets.
 Please turn now to slide number six.
 As Ramirez said, we maintain our cost per ASK at few despite the operational challenges
 we face during the year.
 that it is
 adjustments to the international network, social and western region,
 and an average of 3.787 ARCAP on ground during the year.
 At the top of the slide, you can see that LASAM today continues to expand its
 space.
 and transport more passengers.
 We carried almost 20 million passengers in the fourth quarter
 and reduced number of employees per ICAP compared to last year.
 Fuel costs decreased by 10.6% due to decline of 14% in fuel price per gallon, upset by
 a 3% increase in food consumption
 in line with capacity increases.
 costs associated with wages and benefits
 declined by 5.7% in the fourth quarter of 2019,
 main extreme body degluation of the
 local currencies.
 If you look at the feed costs, which includes maintenance,
 the decision and amortization expenses.
 those who are at around 100 million dollars
 year-over-year in the quarter, maybe due to the addition of 29 air caps during the year.
 up with them
 in Brazil.
 Lastly, all the costs on this slide increased throughout the SEMP as we carried 9.4% more
 Passions of the Year.
 high airport rates and non-return
 these contains Riveratel in fourth quarters 2018.
 As a result, cost per ASK declined by 0.1% to 6.6 cents, while cost per ASK XTO increased
 by 6.7%,
 year-over-year
 to 4.6 in the sense.
 After the full year, 2019, cost per ASK declined by 1.8%, and CAS XPU remained stable at 4.5 cents.
 Please turn to slide number seven.
 During the year, we have made important progress with the fleet commitment schedule.
 We have now
 further produced by 1.1 billion dollars
 the three commitments to be delivered.
 to be delivered
 between
 2020 and 2022.
 This is equivalent to a 38% rejection of free commitments for this three-year period.
 We believe that this plan gives us the necessary flexibility
 to adapt or go to different market conditions
 and allows us to continue improving the cash flow of investments,
 helping us maintain control of death profile
 and a healthy, liquidated level.
 Please turn to slide number eight.
 As Ravida said, LATAM has never invested more in its customers than in the last year, in 2019.
 We began with the updates that
 to the cabins of our fleet, and we are
 already flying 6 or 7 archives of the new cabins
 leading to significant improvement
 in customer satisfaction.
 We have also declared a self-act drop system
 at six airports
 and have inaugurated our VIP lounge in Miami.
 all contributing to improve customer satisfaction
 through different stages of the journey.
 In 2019, we also launched a new basic economic class to give our options to our passengers.
 In March 2020, we will become the only air-landed region with a premium economic service in
 all its international and domestic flights.
 This new premium service consists in a differentiated service at airports such as
 you.
 to VAT launches,
 for the check-in and boarding, as well as differentiated on-board service, such as the
 middle seat block for more comfort and privacy.
 including catering, service, and exclusive overhead bins for the luggage.
 We have invested in in-passing years, and we will continue to do so without increasing
 years.
 it, as you can see in the next slide.
 Turning to slide number nine, our gross debt declined by $292 million from the previous quarter to $7.2 billion.
 Thus, our leverage was down to four times in December from four to two times in September.
 We continue having a very good liquidity position
 with $1.5 million of cash in hand,
 plus it will be
 Trade Facility Obstruction Million Dollars in the fourth quarter, which is completely
 undrawn.
 With this, LATAM's liquidity position, which 20% of last 12 months' avenues.
 you know, to a head test at the bottom left,
 you can find our
 public fuel hedge position as of today
 to the fourth quarter of 2019, we had approximately 56% of our total consumption.
 For this year, we have a good portion hedge for the first half, with 65% and 81% respectively.
 Q1 and Q2
 that is, once in third quarter
 we currently have 49% of consumption heads.
 Finally, on slide 10, we're going to get on guidance.
 we are not changing the guidance
 provided in
 December of last year.
 We expect total capacity to go between 3% to 5% this year.
 this is a
 composed by a zero to two percent target for international
 air pitchers
 7% to 9% go for domestic Brazil, and 6% to 8% for domestic Spanish-speaking countries operations.
 We are also collecting cargo capacity to increase between 4% to 6% this year.
 And with that, we conclude the presentation for today.
 and we'd be happy to open the line for questions.
 Thank you.
 and ladies and gentlemen
 to ask a question
 just press star then one on your telephone keypad.
 To withdraw your question,
 press the pound key. Again, to get in the queue, just press star, then one. And our
 Our first question comes from Michael Linenberg with Deutsche Bank.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, this is actually Kate on for Mike.
 We were wondering, though, if you could just talk about any more changes
 that you might make to, like, your root network in response to corona,
 just in addition to Milan, if there's any other regions that you're particularly concerned about
 or watching closely.
 Yes, hi, this is Roberto.
 So at this point in time, we only have made a change in Milan.
 We are very closely monitoring trends in traffic.
 We don't see an impact on domestic markets at this point in time in any of the countries
 where we operate.
 However, we are starting to see certain softness in demand on international routes, partly
 due to changes in policy travel rules
 from companies in general, but at this point in time, we are in the process of just looking
 very carefully how this develops in the next
 a few weeks.
 Okay, thank you so much.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Savvy Seas with Raymond James.
 Hey, good morning.
 um
 it kind of
 curious
 you know
 the
 on the
 Colombia
 a kind of plan to
 to kind of grow your corporate share.
 you know what
 what's kind of the latest
 development there and
 just in this kind of current environment
 with the commodity uncertainty
 it affects uncertainty, is this
 kind of more of an opportunity, or are you kind of scaling back your plans there?
 Hi, Xavi.
 This is Roberto.
 Thank you, Dr. Alberto.
 So just to remind everyone, we launched a plan to grow in Colombia.
 we increased
 our operations as of July 1, 2019,
 focused mostly on corporate markets
 in Colombia.
 As I explained in the last conference call,
 we are satisfied with the current outcome of this first stage of the plan.
 given the macroeconomic situation in Colombia,
 opportunity to
 evaluation last
 year, we decided to pause our growth
 for a few months
 and at this point in time
 we are at that
 stage
 But we're looking at the developments very closely, and we're satisfied with what we
 have achieved in the last seven months.
 Okay.
 and then if I might
 just on
 domestic Brazil
 one of your competitors
 to have been
 kind of sounding concerned about
 capacity growth levels
 just and you
 just kind of finished a strong
 4Q but now you're starting to lap
 maybe some of the Avianca
 Brazil, you know, capacity
 pull out
 But just any updated thoughts on kind of what you're seeing here in 1Q and kind of thoughts on capacity in 2Q?
 yes
 So first semester capacity will grow double digits
 just compressed first semester last year,
 and this is basically because of the incorporation of the 14 aircraft
 that Andreas made reference to.
 We have, at this point in time, no plans of increasing our capacity in terms of number
 of aircraft further than that, so you will
 via gradual
 decline in growth
 in the second half, basically because of the
 based on the second half of last year.
 And are you still seeing kind of double-digit RASC increases on a local currency basis here in the first quarter?
 or are we starting to see that moderate?
 All right.
 We see healthy rasks in the first quarter, but it's starting to compare to the base of
 last year so it's
 not a double-digit increase at this point in time.
 Okay.
 That doesn't make sense.
 All right. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Matthew Wisniewski with Barclays.
 Hi, good morning.
 Thanks, sir.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 I wanted to just talk about cash flows, you know, expectations of margins are roughly
 flat, CapEx steps down
 materially this year, I think
 $400 million
 on aircraft
 from over a billion last year.
 you know what
 Um,
 but,
 Given that it should produce pretty healthy cash flows this year,
 You know, what else could impact kind of cash flows, which should we keep in mind?
 And then as a kind of a second question, can you kind of revisit what cash flow priorities
 are if cash does
 higher this year?
 Could we see dividends or, you know, deleveraging further?
 Any color on that would be great.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Matthew.
 Well, you're right.
 we are reducing compared to 2019 our fleet commitments
 and therefore our free CapEx from $1 billion to maybe $400 million.
 and some of these
 This aircraft will probably be arranged through sail and leaseback, so they will not be considered
 CAPEX and will be financed.
 However, the company is still carrying on significant non-flip investments.
 we are
 concluding our retrofit of the cabins, so that is requiring cash flow this year.
 There are a lot of engine repairs that are included in the non-free CAPEX, and we're
 targeting and non-free capex of
 approximately $1 billion this year, which is similar to the one that we had in 2019.
 Regarding priorities, our main two priorities besides the engine repairs that are mandatory
 for our recurrent operations.
 the main
 The main two projects, I would say, are the retrofitting of the cabins
 and our investments in IT
 We're improving our digital IP services to our customers,
 And those are the two main priorities.
 Okay, great.
 That's all for me.
 Thanks.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Bruno Amorim with Goldman Sachs.
 Hi, good morning, everyone.
 So I just have a follow-up question on the unit revenue perspectives in Brazil.
 you have mentioned that
 you were seeing
 a deceleration
 in the pace of growth in unit revenue in the first quarter.
 and so
 If you are not taking capacity out of the market, this means that, you know,
 the market as a whole will likely face a much tougher comparison base
 in terms of year-in-year variation of ASKs of capacity in the second quarter.
 and since you are already in the single-digit level for unit revenue growth in the first quarter,
 Is it possible for us to see, you know, negative,
 your near variation in unit revenue in the second quarter,
 any indication you could provide at this point.
 Thank you very much.
 Hi, Bruno.
 This is Roberto.
 So just to clarify, we are not taking out capacity.
 what
 I was trying to explain is that the incorporation of the 14 aircraft happened around mid-last
 here and therefore
 what you will see is a high growth in the first half as compared to the first half of last year
 because of the lower base, and that gap will start to shrink as the year continues
 because we will have already the impact of those 14 aircraft.
 we had it in the second semester of 2019.
 So capacity will still be positive, and our guidance is 7% to 9% for domestic worship in the year as a whole.
 Okay?
 So,
 So yields have improved, as I said, as compared to last year in the first quarter, and the
 comparison in the second quarter, we'll still see
 and also how the market develops.
 The only point of consideration is that yield base also increased significantly last year
 because by the time
 of the second quarter,
 Avianca has mostly ceased its operation.
 Yeah, so that was my concern because, you know, there was a big, you know,
 jump in yield seasonally adjusted in the second quarter last year.
 and then with a much tougher comparison basis,
 do you have any indication
 me if he could be, you know, Nagatiger
 you're in the second quarter,
 or it's still too early to say?
 I think it's too early to say.
 However, I think that if you put everything together, our expectation for yields or RASC,
 if you want
 for the whole year
 would be in the range of stability as compared to what we saw in 2019.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question comes from Roberta Berciani with Citibank.
 Hi, good morning.
 just a quick question
 if you have had recent conversations with copair lines
 regarding that curious future with Black Time.
 Thank you, Roberta.
 No, we have not had management conversations with Qatar, other than the recurrent business
 conversations.
 Okay, thank you.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 And our next question comes from Joe Colgan with Scotiabank.
 Hello and thank you for the call.
 Well, I wanted to ask another question about coronavirus.
 I know it's still very early and there's not very much information,
 But I was wondering if you could help us get a sense of how large the impact could be in different scenarios.
 I mean, are there any historical precedents for something like this you would use in your analysis of figuring out what the traffic impact is?
 Are you considering some bad scenarios or good scenarios?
 I'm just trying to understand order of magnitude.
 I mean, would the impact on traffic be 5% or 50% is really the thrust of the question.
 Yes.
 Hi, Joel.
 First, I'm not sure that any of the precedents before would serve as an example.
 both MERS and SARS
 had very little effect in Latin America
 when those happened.
 However, swine flu that started in Mexico last, two decades ago, I don't know, 15 years ago,
 had a slightly bigger effect
 and traffics were double-digit
 impacted at the time. Honestly, can't remember
 of executive figures.
 and I'm not sure
 that this is a good point of comparison
 with whatever can happen this year.
 However, what I can tell you is we have very little traffic coming and going from and to
 Asia.
 the impact in Southeast Asia and Asia in general is relatively limited in terms of our exposure.
 In Europe, we fly to certain cities, several, eight cities,
 We've seen the impact mostly in Milan.
 and we are not seeing anything too significant yet in other countries.
 in Europe, and we do not
 flight to iran either
 which is another country where there is a significant number of cases.
 so
 um
 And it's very hard to foretell, to be totally honest.
 What I can tell you is that we're following very closely.
 and as Ramiro explained
 we took the measures in terms of
 increasing non-essential hiring, non-essential expenses,
 and non-essential investments just to be on the safe side with respect to this.
 All right. Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 and ladies and gentlemen
 And as a reminder, to ask a question, just press star, then one on your telephone keypad.
 And our next question is from Savvy Seas with Raymond James.
 hey thanks
 if I follow up.
 I just,
 uh,
 I want to ask a little bit about Brazil.
 I know it takes time to change perceptions, but you've kind of implemented this new kind
 of onboard experience
 and you are kind of
 retrofitting the flea.
 any early observations
 on
 on what you're seeing
 as a result of those changes?
 Hi, Sabi, again.
 And so we will launch premium economy in all domestic markets on March 16th.
 So it hasn't started.
 Okay.
 So maybe on next quarter we can provide some color on how this is going.
 however we believe that we will have
 a premium product, we actually not believe
 We would be the only airline that will have a premium product in most Latin American markets.
 We believe that this will distinguish us from our competition,
 and we expect that this will be very well taken with our customers.
 Does that help you in the very near term with your kind of corporate discussions or is that something that kind of develops over time?
 Sorry, Sally, does it help on what type of discussion?
 Just wondering if that helps you with your corporate account discussions
 and getting market share immediately
 or is it something that, you know, perception changes
 and over time you expect the revenue benefits.
 And now, Sally, this is Jerome from Brazil.
 So, we have already seen some positive results regarding market share with corporate agencies
 given that we're offering a better product
 that will be even better
 after March 15.
 So we have seen positive results and are excited about what's coming up.
 Got it.
 thanks Jerome
 and then just
 one clarification
 on the hedging
 you know
 you have some good hedge positions but curious
 at what level
 you've hedged
 given the sharp pullback in fuel prices here?
 Yeah, the HEPs have been taking a high
 Salander here
 We're taking, of course,
 slash people
 for the current
 levels so
 So at today's prices, we have sort of expected that today's price is a negative compensation,
 which is in a way
 we will benefit from the
 downside of our view given that that we
 We don't use, I think, swaps.
 use a limited instrument, for the most part.
 So I think it's a negative effect for now.
 I think
 the market change in two weeks
 here, but it's, I think, slightly under the water, the hedges.
 Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 And, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our Q&A session and program for today.
 Thank you again for joining us.
 Please feel free to contact our Investor Relations Department if you have any additional questions.
 We look forward to speaking with you again soon.
 Thank you.