 Good day, everyone, and welcome to Latam Airlines Group,
 earnings release conference call. Just as a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 Latam Airlines Group earnings released for the period was distributed on Tuesday, March
 Third, if you have not received it, you can find it in our website at www.latamairlandsgroup.net
 in the investor relations section.
 At this time, I would like to point out
 that statements regarding the company's business outlook
 and anticipated financial and operating results.
 constitute forward-looking comments.
 These expectations are highly dependent on the economy.
 the airline industry and the international markets.
 Therefore, they are subject to change.
 Now, it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Mr. Ramiro Alfonsin, Chief Financial Officer
 of Latam Airlines Group.
 Mr. Alfonsin, please begin.
 Thank you, Carmen, and good morning, everyone,
 And welcome to Latam Airlines 4th Quarter Earnings Call.
 Joining me today, I'm Mr. Roberto Alvo, Chief Commercial Officer, Mr. Jerome Cadier, CEO
 of Latin America in Brazil, and Mr. Andrés Del Vaje, VP of Corporate Finance.
 Please join me on slide two where you will find the highlights for the full year 2019.
 quickly reacted to growth opportunities in the region after the disease of operations
 what we're going to be talking about in the future.
 As a consequence, we grew in ASK by 4.1 percent, and during 2019, Latin carried 74 million
 passengers.
 the highest number in our history, and more than 5 million additional passengers, half
 of them in Brazil compared to 2018.
 This represented more growth than any other airline in the region.
 In addition to growth, we continue to be proving two main pillars where we put a special attention.
 our operations, and our customers.
 Regarding our operations, we improved the capillarity of our network, especially from our
 in Santiago, Lima, and San Pablo.
 At the same time, we put a special focus on the reliability of our operations.
 We are proud to be named the most punctual airline in the world in the mega-carrier
 category by AOG and bicarium.
 with approximately 86% of our flights being on time.
 In 2019, we have also been recognized as the most punctual airline in Brazil.
 Ex-fuel remains stable at 4.5 cents.
 despite challenges and the effects of the social unrest in the region, in particular
 in Chile. Growing in shorter routes and cutting capacity in longer routes, mainly those from
 Argentina early in the year due to the evaluation of the PESO, reduced our average stage length
 by 3% for the year.
 put in fixed cost per flight in fewer hair stays.
 In addition, the ground beam of the 0.787 took longer than anticipated, and we had enough
 average of three aircraft on ground during 2019 due to engine delays, which we expect
 to recover by the second quarter of 2020.
 On the other hand, currencies, the evaluation helped us to offset part of these effects
 and will remain stable in cask x-fuel during the whole 2020 compared to 2019 compared to
 in the future.
 Regarding customers, we executed a strategic investment to better serve our passengers
 and improve their travel experience.
 During 2019, we invested in our passengers as never before.
 We acquired multiple, and we launched our now unified frequent flyer program under the
 a lifetime past brand,
 become in the fourth largest frequency flyer program in the world.
 We launch the first planes with our new cabins.
 designed to offer an industry-leading on-board experience
 and to better serve different types of passengers.
 We currently have 67 aircraft retrofitted.
 of the 170 we are targeting in this phase.
 and that will be concluded by the end of this year, 2020.
 In addition, we launch our new business service and the premium economy service that later
 address will be detailed.
 As a result, our passengers recognized us with several awards, such as the best online
 in South America by Skytrucks World Early Line Awards,
 and the best global airline of South America.
 according to the APEX Passenger Choice Awards, among others.
 In synthesis, during 2019, we improved our network, we improved our operations, and our
 customer service and further strengthen our position at the
 the leading airline in the region and one of the main airline groups in the world.
 As previously announced, Latin will leave the One World Alliance on May 1, 2020.
 It will maintain the existing bilateral agreements with all of the one-world members with the
 exception of American Airlines, and we'll continue to offer customer benefits such as
 learning and reasoning of miles.
 typical launch access, among other benefits.
 We are happy to report the net income of $190 million for the full year 2019.
 For the third year in 2019, we are happy to report the net income of $190 million for
 year in a row, we increased our total revenues,
 reaching more than $10.4 billion.
 Once again, this revenue increase was driven by our passenger operations, which in the
 increase.
 2.4% year over year.
 Once again, we generated over $1 billion in free cash flow, despite the one-time investment
 in multiple, and the investments we are carrying out by upgrading our cabin of the hundred
 on cellulite planes.
 In 2020, we will finish the retrofit of all these cabinets.
 Each cash flow generation allowed us to reduce our financial debt during the year and reach
 a leverage of 4.0 times as of December 2019, while maintaining a healthy liquidity position
 of approximately 20%.
 We further reduce fleet commitments for the following years, which will give us even more
 financial flexibility for the upcoming years.
 The agreement with Delta announced last September is a recognition of the footprint that Latin
 half in the region, and we are excited about the benefits that this strategic agreement
 will bring to our shareholders, customers and employees.
 Delta is currently a shareholder of LATAM after successfully completing the tender roster
 of 20% of the shares of LATAM.
 In addition, our affiliates in Colombia, Peru, and Ecuador implemented new co-chairs
 agreements with Delta.
 We have already announced co-chairs in Brazil to be implemented starting in the first half
 half of this year, and we expect to announce cultures in Chile also during the first half
 for 2020.
 We also signed a loyalty program agreement that will enable reciprocal pre-confly of
 benefits starting April 1, 2020 with VELTA.
 that some past members would be able to earn
 and reading miles on Delta flights to more than 300 destinations
 worldwide.
 We already reallocated our flight to JFK from Terminal 7, from Terminal 8, sorry, to Terminal 4.
 better serve passengers connecting with Delta flights.
 We could not be happier with all these achievements, and we want to thank our employees for the
 efforts during this year.
 Together, we solidified Latin's position in the region and we improved our competitiveness.
 So we're turning the call to Andres for more detail in the fourth quarter.
 We would like to thank our customers for their continued support and express our commitment
 to providing the best travel experience and connectivity
 in Latin America.
 The recent outbreak of coronavirus doesn't have anything different.
 We are following it closely.
 Monitoring constantly its evolution and working closely with health authorities.
 Our crews and ground staff are prepared to handle situations of this nature.
 For us, the most important is the safety of our passengers and crews, and therefore,
 We suspended our flight from San Pablo to Milan until April 16th.
 In addition, we have frozen all non-essential hiring and discretionary expenses and investments.
 With that, I would like to thank all of you for your time.
 I would like to turn the call to Andres Del Valle.
 our VP of Cultural Finance to analyze the fourth quarter in more detail.
 Thank you, Romero, and good morning, everyone.
 Please turn to slide three, and we will find the summary in the income statement.
 The company which 2.9 billion dollars in the fourth quarter will be sending an increase
 So 3% year over year.
 I pass a group 3.2% in the photo.
 for revenues for ASK group at 3.1% in data terms, other stuff that pays healthy, domestic,
 birth in the market, and they recuperate in the national unit revenues.
 As a result, total investment revenues rose 6.5%.
 Capital revenues decreased by 10.2% year-over-year in line with the previous quarter gives the
 sale of a former cargo subsidiary in Mexico, Madera, and lower import into the region and
 and disruption caused by the events in Chile.
 The other revenue decreased 24% to $113 million, explained that a merger of multiples would
 LACAM allows in Brazil.
 Multipluses revenues are now recognized on the question of revenues, same as the revenues
 of a noisy program, let them pass.
 Total cost increased by 3.1% in quotas to 2.5 million dollars, and the results are operating
 income for the quarter, among the 360 million dollars, this is 2% higher than last year's
 of data results was openly marked in which 12.2%.
 Net income amounted to $227 million in the fourth quarter.
 to the client of 163 million person last year, mainly
 explained by that $222 million decline in foreign change gain year-up in year.
 Looking at full deep figures on the right side of the slide,
 revenue throws 0.6 percent to 10.4 billion dollars, while cost group by 2 percent, each
 increase of 4.1% in capacity, resulting in a decline of 1%, 1.8% in cost per ASK.
 With that, Operating Income for the Year was 742 million dollars, and Operating Margin
 7.1% in line with our previous guidance.
 Lastly, our net income amounted to $190 million for the full year of 2019.
 Please turn to slide four.
 Looking at the different business units, you can see that the international revenues are
 soon, a recovery year over year. This is the result of the active capacity management
 of the company.
 International segment, we've sent it approximately 51% of the total it's case with the quarter.
 down from 54% in the previous quarter, as a result of the 5% decreasing capacity during
 the fourth quarter.
 decline by 500% and low factor rose 0.2% upon to 83.2%.
 revenue for its case for $0.06, which is 4.6% high
 than the same folder of last year.
 Looking for the same folder of last year.
 of the domestic Brazil abrasions, which represents 50% of the total age gain, total capacity
 increased by 17.7% and topic by 20%.
 Note factor, reach 85.2%.
 This is 1.7 percentage points higher
 about the fourth quarter of 2018.
 That's an LSDLA field with 14 aircraft previously operated by Vancouver Field at the beginning
 of the year.
 Everything in that manner, it's called compared with the first half of the year, mainly by
 operating the slots obtained after the exit of the Bianca-Basile.
 the continued recovery present on domestic demand for pregnancy, for escape, cause of
 but 13% in local currency and 6% both in new start-up terms,
 reaching 7.1 cents in the quarter.
 in spun speaking countries, domestic operations,
 which all together with 19% of the total capacity,
 Type R2 grows 9%.
 while traffic do 3.8% and load factor reach 78.3%.
 This is almost four points lower than the same quarter, 2018,
 affected by the social and Western feeling.
 All right.
 So, thanks again.
 Trusted rose 13% and Trusted rose 12%, which will load factor of 82%.
 for escape the time by focusing on the fan to the quarter, maybe due to the devaluation
 of local currencies, excluding foreign change effects,
 Revenues for escape would have blown 5% in the Spanish-speaking country's domestic
 operations.
 As a result, overall, passing capacity group by 3.2%, year over year, this quarter, revenues
 for its case grows 3.1% every year.
 and load factor domain were stable at 83%.
 Lastly, if we exclude the effect of a former Mexican superior target operations increased
 capacity by 0.6 percent,
 What profit declined, 0.6%.
 We saw a decline of 0.7 percent in points in load factor to 56.4 percent.
 Reveal for escape.
 be declined by 8.7% in the fourth quarter, mainly a dream by lower imports into region
 especially to Brazil and Argentina.
 and disruptions, deleted by the social media,
 in Chile during the fourth quarter of 2019.
 Thank you.
 Please turn to slide number five.
 Once again, I'm showing this slide so you can practically maintain this type of sale
 of the question and cover revenues in the past 12 months.
 On the left side, you can see the revenues by point of sale in 2018.
 Here, the two represented approximately 25% of total revenues, while Argentina represented
 10% of the revenues.
 If you move to the right, it would reflect the problems by country for the same period
 in 2019, we can see a 4-point increase for Brazil, while Argentina declined 4-points
 accounted for only 6% at the point of sale.
 This diversification allows us to adjust our operations
 operations, and to offset the impacts that we may face in certain markets.
 Please turn now to slide number six.
 That's what I mean.
 We maintain our cost for ASKXQ, despite the operational challenges we face in the year.
 That's a testament to the international network.
 and was in the region, and an average of 3.787 aircraft
 and ground during the year.
 At the top of the slide, you can see that the density continues to expand its abrasions
 and transport more passengers.
 We carried almost 20 million passengers in a four-quarter,
 and reduced number of employees per aircraft compared to last year.
 Few costs decreased by 10.6% due to decline of 14%
 increase in fuel consumption in line with the capacity increases.
 Cost associated with wages and benefits declined by 5.7% in the fourth quarter of 2019.
 mainly explained by the degluation of the local currencies.
 If you look at the feed cost, which includes maintenance,
 the session.
 What is its extensess?
 Those were at around 10 million dollars year-over-year
 in the quarter, maybe due to the addition of 20-in-air cap
 enough people in the Europe, half of them in Brazil.
 Lastly, all the costs on this slide increase to up to 10 as we carry 9.4% more passions
 You have a year.
 Hi.
 Wait.
 return.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 in four quarters 2018.
 That's all for today.
 The result, Cosper HK declined by 0.1% to 6.6%
 Well, cost per SKXT will increase by 6.7% every year to 4.6% in the sense.
 After the whole year, 2019, cost for ASK declined by 1.8 percent and CASXQ remains stable at
 at 4.5 cents.
 Please turn to slide number seven.
 During the year, we have made important progress
 for the fleet commitment schedule.
 we have now further reduced by 1.1 billion dollars
 the pre-commitments to be delivered between 2020 and 2022.
 This is equivalent to a 38% reduction of the commitments for this three-year period.
 We believe that this plan gives us the necessary flexibility to adapt our goal to different
 market conditions and allows us to continue putting cash flow of investments, helping
 us maintain control of death profiles and a healthy liquidated lip level.
 Please turn to slide number eight.
 As Ravide said, Latin has never invested more in its pattern than in the last year in
 2019.
 We began with the upgrade of the cabins of our fleet.
 We are already flying 67 ARCA for the new cabins.
 needs a significant improvement in customer satisfaction.
 We have also deployed a self-propelled drop system at fixed airports and have inaugurated
 are the appeal out to Miami, all contributing to improve customer satisfaction through different
 stages of the journey.
 During 2019, we also went to a new basic economic class to keep our options for the
 Happy New Year.
 And in March, 2020, we will become the only
 earned in the region with a premium economy service in all its international and domestic
 slides.
 This new premium service consists in a deferred city service that airports set of access
 to be at the launches, for checking and boarding,
 as well as differentiated on board service,
 such as a little seat block for more comfort and privacy.
 catering, service, and exclusive overhead pains for the markets.
 We have invested in approximately years, and we will continue to do so without increasing
 at that, as you can see in the next slide.
 This is slide number nine.
 gross debt declined by $292 million from the fingerscoter to $7.2 billion.
 dust and leverage was down to four times in the center, from four to two times in the
 Thank you very much.
 We continue having a very good liquidity position with 1.5 billion dollars of cash in hand,
 plus evolving credibility, obstruction,
 in the data in the fourth quarter, which is completely undone.
 with this, that comes with the deposition,
 which is 20% of last month's revenue.
 Moving out to a head test.
 At the bottom left, we can find our update fuel head position as of today for the fourth
 order 2019, we had approximately 50 sections of total consumption.
 For this year, we have a good portion hedge for the first half with 65 percent, and it
 work is done respectfully, Q1 and Q2, that is.
 Well, for the third quarter, we currently have 49%
 consumption heads.
 Finally, on slide 10, we've got one guidance.
 We are not changing the guidance provided in December of last year.
 expect total capacity to go between 3% to 5% this year.
 This is composed by a 0% to 2% target for international business, 7% to 9% go for the
 Thank you very much.
 and 68% for domestic Spanish-speaking countries
 operations.
 We are also collecting cargo capacity to increase between 4 to 6 percent this year.
 And with that, we conclude the presentation for today, and we'll be happy to do all the
 in the line for questions.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, and ladies and gentlemen, to ask a question,
 Just press star then one on your telephone keypad.
 To withdraw your question, press the pound key.
 I guess to get in the queue, just press star then one.
 And our first question comes from Michael Lindenberg with Deutsche Bank.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, this is actually Kate on for Mike.
 We were wondering though if you could just talk about any more changes
 that you might make to like your root network
 in response to Corona, just in addition to Milan,
 if there's any other regions that you're particularly concerned about or watching closely.
 Yes, hi, this is Roberto.
 So, at this point in time, we only have made a change in Milan.
 We are very...
 closely monitoring trends in traffic.
 We don't see an impact on domestic markets at this point in time in any of the countries
 where we operate. However, we are starting to see certain softness in demand on international
 routes, partly due to changes in policy travel rules from companies in general, but at this
 At this point in time, we are in the process of just looking very carefully how this develops
 in the next few weeks.
 Okay, thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Sabi Cist with Raymond James.
 Hey, good morning.
 I'm kind of curious on the Columbia of kind of plan to kind of grow your corporate share,
 you know, what's kind of the latest development there and just in this kind of current environment
 with the commodity uncertainty, effects uncertainty,
 Is this kind of more of an opportunity or are you kind of scaling back your plans there?
 Hi, David.
 It's Roberto.
 So, just to remind everyone, we launched a plan to grow in Colombia.
 We increased our operations as of July 1, 2019,
 focus mostly on corporate markets in Colombia.
 Okay.
 And as I explained in the last conference call, we are satisfied with the current outcome
 of this first stage of the plan, given the macro-economic situation in Colombia particularly
 evaluation last year, we decided to pause our growth for a few months and at this point
 time we are at that stage, but we're looking at the developments very closely, and that
 was satisfied with what we have achieved in the last seven months.
 Okay.
 And then if I might just on domestic Brazil, you know, one of your competitors have been
 kind of sounding concerned about capacity growth levels.
 And you just kind of finished a strong 4Q, but now you're
 starting to lap maybe some of the Avianca Brazil capacity
 pull out. Just any updated thoughts on kind of what you're seeing here in 1Q and kind
 thoughts on capacity in 2Q?
 Yes, so first semester capacity will grow double digits compared to first semester last
 year and this is basically because of the incorporation of the 14 aircraft that Andreas
 made reference to.
 we have at this point in time, no plans of increasing our capacity in terms of number
 or if that's further than that.
 So you will see a gradual decline in growth
 in the second half basically because of the base
 all second half of last year.
 And are you still seeing kind of double digit RASC increases kind of on a local currency basis here in the first quarter?
 or are we starting to see that moderate?
 We see healthy risks in the first quarter, but it's starting to compare to the base
 of last year, so it's not a double-digit increase at this point in time.
 Okay.
 sense.
 All right, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from Matthew Wisniewski with a Barclays.
 Hi, good morning.
 Thanks sir, thanks for taking my question.
 I wanted to just talk about cash flows.
 Expectations of margins are roughly flat.
 CapEx steps down materially this year.
 I think 400 million on aircraft from over a billion last year.
 You know, given that, it should produce pretty healthy cash flows this year.
 You know, what else could impact kind of cash flows,
 So, should we keep in mind.
 And then, as a kind of a second question, what can you kind of revisit what kind of
 cash flow priorities are, if cash doesn't fly higher this year, could we see dividends
 or do you know leveraging further, um, any color on that would be great.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Matthew.
 Well, you're right.
 We are reducing compared to 2019 hour feed commitments and therefore our feed capex from
 1 billion to maybe 400 million and some of these aircraft will probably be arranged through
 sale and lease back so they will not be considered capex and will be financed.
 However, the company is still carrying on significant non-flip investments.
 We...
 are concluding our retrofit of the cabin,
 about this requiring cash flow this year.
 There are a lot of engine repairs that are included in the non-free capex, and we're
 targeting and non-free capital of approximately $1 billion this year, which is similar to
 the one that we had in 2019.
 Regarding priorities, I will make two priorities
 besides the engine repairs that are mandatory
 for our recurrent operations.
 The main two projects, I would say, are the retrofitting of the cabins that were in the
 in IP to improve in our digital IP services to our customers, and those are the two main
 priorities.
 Okay, great. That's all from me. Thanks.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Bruno Amorim with Goldman Sachs.
 Hi, good morning everyone.
 So, I just have a follow-up question on the unit revenue perspectives in Brazil.
 You have mentioned that you were seeing a deceleration in the pace of growth in unit
 revenue in the first quarter and so if you are not taking a passage out of the market
 This means that, you know, the market as a whole will likely face a much tougher comparison
 based in terms of year-in-year variation of ASKs of capacity in the second quarter and
 since you are already in the single-digit level for unit revenue growth in the fourth
 quarter, is it possible for us to see, you know, negative your near variation in unit
 It's ravaging the second quarter, any indication you could provide at this point.
 Thank you very much.
 Hi Bruno, this is Roberto.
 To clarify, we are not taking out capacity.
 What I was trying to explain is that incorporation of the 14 aircraft happened around mid-next
 last year, and therefore what you will see is high growth in the first half as compared
 of the first half of last year because of the lower base, and that gap will start to
 shrink as the year continues because we will have already the impact of those 14 aircraft
 we had it in the second semester of 2019.
 So capacity will still be positive.
 and our guidance was explained is 79% for domestic versus in the year as a whole, okay?
 So, yields have improved, as I said, as compared to last year on the first quarter, and the
 The comparison second quarter we'll still see also how the market develops.
 The only point of consideration is that yield base also increased significantly last year
 because...
 goes by the time of the second quarter, Avianca has mostly
 It's operation.
 Yeah, so that was my concern because, you know, there was a big, you know, jump in
 yield seasonally adjusted in the second quarter last year, and then with much tougher comparison
 days, do you have any indication if it could be a negative or a negative in the second
 quarter is still too early to say.
 I think it's too early to say.
 However, I think that if you put everything together,
 our expectation for yields or RASC, if you want for the whole year, would be in the range
 of stability as compared to what we saw in 2019.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Roberta Versiani with Citibank.
 Hi, good morning. Just a quick question.
 You have had recent conversations with coparalines regarding that curious, serious future with
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Roberta.
 No, we have not had management conversations with Qatar other than the recurrent business
 conversations.
 Okay, thank you.
 I'm proud.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from Joe Colgan with Scotia Bank.
 Hello, and thank you for the call.
 I wanted to ask another question about coronavirus.
 I know it's still very early, and there's not very much information, but I was wondering
 if you could help us get a sense of how large the impact could be in different scenarios.
 I mean, are there any historical precedents for something like this you would use in your
 analysis of figuring out what the traffic impact is.
 Are you considering some bad scenarios or good scenarios?
 I'm just trying to understand the order of magnitude.
 I mean, would the impact on traffic be 5% or 50% is really the thrust of the question.
 Yes, hi, Joel.
 First, I'm not sure that any of the presidents before would serve as an example, both mayors
 and stars had very little effect in either America when those happened.
 However, swine flu that started in Mexico two decades ago, I don't know, 15 years ago,
 had a slightly bigger effect and traffic were double-digit impacted at the time, honestly
 can remember exactly the figures, and I'm not sure that this is a good point of
 comparison with whatever can happen this year.
 However, what I can tell you is we have very little traffic coming and going from and to
 Asia.
 So the impact in Southeast Asia and Asia in general is relatively limited in terms of
 our exposure. In Europe, we fly to certain cities, several eight cities, eight cities,
 We've seen the impact mostly in Milan.
 We are not seeing anything too significant yet in other countries in Europe, and we do
 do not fly to Iran either, which is another contributor
 such a significant number of cases.
 So it's very hard to foretell to be totally honest
 What I can tell you is that we're following very closely, and as Ramiro explained, we
 We took the measures in terms of freezing, non-essential hiring, non-essential expenses,
 and non-essential...
 and investment just to be on the safe side with respect to this.
 All right, thank you very much
 Thank you.
 And, ladies and gentlemen, as a reminder, to ask a question, just press star, then
 one on your telephone keypad.
 And our next question is from Sabi Cis with Raymond James.
 Okay.
 I just...
 But I want to ask a little bit about Brazil.
 I know it takes time to change perceptions,
 But you've kind of implemented this new kind of on-board
 experience, and you are kind of retrofitting the fleet.
 Any early observations on what you're seeing
 as a result of those changes?
 Let's have you again.
 So we will launch premium economy in all domestic markets
 on March 16th, so it hasn't started.
 So maybe on the next quarter, we can provide some color on how
 BC's going.
 And however, we believe that we will have a premium product.
 We have to not believe.
 We will have.
 will be the only airline that will have a premium product in most Latin American markets.
 We believe that this will distinguish us from our competition and we expect that this will
 be very well taken with our customers.
 Does that help you in the very near term with your kind of corporate discussions or is that
 something that kind of develops over time.
 Sorry, Davida did help on what type of discussion?
 I'm just wondering if that helps you with your corporate account discussions and getting
 …
 market share immediately, or is it something that, you know, perception changes and over time you expect the revenue benefits?
 And now, Sadie, this is Jerome from Brazil.
 But we have already seen some positive results regarding market share with corporate agencies,
 given that we're offering a better product, that will be even better after March 15.
 So we have seen positive results and are excited about what's coming up.
 Got it.
 Thanks.
 And then just one clarification on the hedging.
 You know, you can have some good hedge positions, but curious at what level you've hedge given
 the sharp pullback in fuel prices here.
 Okay.
 Yeah, the HIPAAs would take in a high seven this year.
 We're taking, of course, slightly above the current levels.
 So at today's crisis, we have sort of expected that today's crisis negative compensation,
 which is...
 in a way that we would benefit from the downside of our fuel, given that we don't use, I think,
 We use some limited instruments, that's it, for the most part.
 So I think it's a negative effect for now.
 I think the market change in two weeks here, but I think slightly under the water, the
 hedges.
 Okay.
 That's helpful.
 Thanks for watching.
 We'll see you in the next video.
 Thank you.
 And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our Q&A session and program for today.
 Thank you again for joining us.
 Please feel free to contact our Investor Relations Department if you have any additional questions.
 We look forward to speaking with you again soon.