 Thank you for the lady's presentation.
 Okay.
 So good morning and welcome. Welcome to our presentation on the results for the six months
 to the end of October.
 I'm Miles Roberts, the group's chief executive.
 And I'm joined by my colleague, Adrian Marsh, our Group Finance Director.
 The half-year show continuing good progress right across the company as a solely fiber-based
 business, that's with no plastics, we continue to benefit from a very dynamic market, a market
 we positioned ourselves to benefit from.
 Different retail channels are developing quickly
 and continue to change.
 And there's a different relationship between consumers
 and packaging.
 And, of course, COP26.
 It's intensified the debate and the demand
 for circular solutions as well as carbon reduction.
 So all of this has positioned us
 not only to grow in the last six months,
 but for continued good growth.
 With this background, we've seen our volumes go strongly, up 9.4%.
 We've also seen good pricing momentum when combined with our financial hedging and long
 long-term deep supply arrangements had allowed us to mitigate the increasing operating costs
 But consequently, our operating profit has risen by 26% and our earnings per share by
 33% and I'm very pleased to see how the US has continued to perform with operating profits
 up 64% benefiting not only from excellent pricing momentum but strong volume growth and our
 cash flow has been strong and it's brought a leverage to 1.9 times net debt to EBITDA
 Well, inside our medium term targets and looking ahead to the second half, it started well.
 We also have new investments coming on stream later in H2.
 And we expect to make a significant further improvement
 profitability and progress towards our medium-term targets in the second half.
 Your agent, would you take us through the detail of the financial results?
 Thank you Miles and good morning everyone.
 Everyone, by way of my normal reminder, I've described the performance of the business
 on a constant currency basis.
 Here are financial highlights.
 Revenue was up 22% reflecting record box volume growth and higher prices across packaging, paper and recycling.
 Together, these modern offset significant cost increases with operating profit up 26%,
 a 64% increase in the U.S.
 Return on sales before exceptional or adjusting items increased 30 basis points, the extent
 that our increased input costs are matched almost pound-for-pound in our revenue line,
 Then mathematically, we have a small optical margin dilution,
 which is more than offset by a volume growth.
 Clearly, our margin becomes much more accretive as the rate of price recovery in the second
 half of the year and into our next financial year, overtakes the rate of input cost in
 inflation, driving a return to our target range.
 Profit growth has flowed through to EPS and cash, and I'll talk more about net debt and
 and average reduction shortly.
 Return on average capital employed has significantly improved, which of course does not have the
 the same nuance as the margins.
 demonstrates more immediately our improvement in returns with growing
 profits and after a period of expected dilution following our significant acquisitions and
 the even more recent impact of COVID, then we can clearly demonstrate we're also on track
 to return shortly to our medium-term targets for return on average capital employed.
 Whilst not on this slide, I'm sure the Sharper IDVU will have spotted that exceptional or
 or ingesting items are, as we've advised,
 they would be the minimus in the period.
 I'll now go through the main moving parts with the usual bridges.
 The box volume growth of 9.4% contributed £172 million to revenues.
 volumes as a mix of increased volumes of other packaging and recycling offset by less external
 paper sales as we use more internally. The largest increase is clearly the sales price
 increase.
 Around £200 million of the £432 million is packaging pricing representing double digit
 average increases in box prices with the balance made up of external paper and recyclet sales.
 Turning to EBITDA, the contribution from volume growth
 has dropped through in the normal way.
 And that essentially is what's driven our profit growth.
 Other volumes of the same story as on the revenue side with less external paper sales
 of setting increased other packaging volumes.
 Sales price mix drops straight through to profit and it's pleasing that we've been successful
 in pushing through pricing to more than offset the very significant headwinds on the cost
 as well as managing the magnitude of those costs through our proactive
 of Procurement.
 All of which said, we still have the usual lag in our price recovery, which was positively
 impacting our second half will be somewhat tempered by additional input cost inflation
 in the last three months at this house.
 They can all this into account and where we are with box prices and index contracts still
 to trigger, we're confident of additional price recovery and margin improvement in the
 second half of this year. On the cost side, the largest contributing factors are external
 paper purchasing, together with Fiber or OCC, which together make up around £300 million.
 labor and distribution have also increased significantly.
 significantly.
 Really energy has been a topic to shore in the recent weeks and we've been extremely
 well protected by our three-year rolling hedging program. That said, we've not been immune
 from year on year costs, particularly on the unhedged 10% of our exposure.
 Without this hedging, our results would have been severely impacted.
 given our level of forward hedging, in particular this year,
 We don't expect our energy cost to be materially worse than flat year on year with an opportunity
 to improve if price is full.
 Overall, group margin has increased, albeit as I noted before, there is still a short-term
 dilutive impact from the input cost versus price inflation dynamic, which unwinds itself
 as the rate of price pass-through exceeds the rate of input cost inflation.
 Despite this short-term effect, we remain both confident that margins will return to
 our target range, with more paper capacity being added in Central Europe, our short paper
 strategy will continue, we believe, to offer the most efficient return on capital-employed
 profile for our business by allowing us to allocate more capital to a higher value-adding
 and packaging opportunities.
 Regionally, there are always variances depending on the level of our own paper production,
 which gets exaggerated when paper prices are either rising or falling sharply.
 Eastern Europe is the area where we're shortest paper and until the usual lagging pass through
 to packaging completes. The effect on return on sales is therefore greatest in that region
 in this period.
 The key is that once the rate of price recovery exceeds the rate of paper price inflation,
 We then see margins rising, which are expectation for the second half and next year too.
 As previously discussed, it's particularly pleasing to see the expected and continued
 improvement in North America consistent with what we set out 18 months ago.
 We've seen in this half a 64% increase in our U.S. profits despite a planned maintenance
 shut in our paper mill in Ricebrough. I'm also pleased to report continued good
 cash flow during the first half.
 of an exceptional work in capital performance last year, I think we've done well to essentially
 keep it flat during a rising pricing environment, albeit whilst receivables have risen in line
 with selling prices, we've also benefited from the risk management of our energy hedges,
 which has positively benefited our creditors.
 For the full year, I'd still expect a small working capital outflow.
 We've also again reduced our invoice discounting to £385 million in line with our guidance
 of below 400 million pounds. Just to note on CAPEX we spend 125 million pounds in the
 first half. I'll give my technical guidance shortly, but the phasing is such that the
 The first half was always going to be less than the second half, and we're still expecting
 and a full year amount to be around 430 million pounds.
 Moving to the cash flow bridge, net debt reduced by 155 million pounds to its lowest level
 since April 2017, driven principally by the free cash flow.
 As guided, adjusting items have reduced to a negligible number, and the acquisitions
 and disposal line is a net of the failure to hope and a deferred element of the interstate
 output and a couple of my knowledge to interest buyouts.
 For me, one of the highlights of the results is that net debt to EBITDA is back below
 two times, driven by both an increasing EBITDA this half and also a reduction in net debt.
 and I expect it to continue to be below target for the full year,
 recognising that there are cash flow headwinds to come.
 Finally, my technical guidance. We're on track to deliver in line with our guidance
 at the start of the year and further improve our financial KPIs.
 So with that in mind, there's basically no change to the guidance that we've previously
 be given, subject to any small variations which foreign exchange
 translation may cause.
 I'll now hand you back to Miles to take you through some of the operational highlights
 and some of the opportunities that we're really excited about.
 well.
 Thank you, Agin, for taking us through the detail of the financial results.
 But I'd like to now to spend a bit of time just talking about why we're succeeding with
 with our customers, to hide some of the backgrounds behind that.
 and what gives us a confidence for that, the future growth.
 future opportunities for us. But firstly I'll just like to recap on some of the
 operational highlights from the first half.
 Turn into our people, everybody who works in D.S. Smith.
 once again we've seen a huge level of commitment and responsiveness throughout the whole company
 where there have inevitably been some local issues.
 these have been very short lived, how many covered through our scale and our flexibility
 combined with all of our plants being fully operational throughout the whole
 period.
 I'm looking at our supply chain.
 This has remained very secure.
 Our group-wide procurement and sourcing function, combined with long-term, deep relationships
 with many of our suppliers, particularly in critical areas
 such as starch, energy, chemicals, and of course, paper,
 as resulted in good security and supply,
 and good levels of supply service.
 And with our customers, we stayed really close to them, listening to them, understanding
 their challenges and responding to them. And this has enabled us to maintain good levels
 of service. We've had good agility in meeting these changing needs, often supported by
 extensive use of new digital technology, helping us to really adapt
 quickly and of course all of this has supported good pricing momentum to
 recover are increasing costs.
 So throughout H1, we've seen good volume growth.
 We've been taking market share, said previously,
 the growth at 9.4%.
 The FMC-G sector has remained very strong and very robust.
 We have seen a partial recovery in the industrial sector.
 This is a relatively small part of our business, probably around 16%, but it's suffered by
 by some of our customers having some capacity constraints.
 that we expect back to come back.
 And with our large customers,
 we've continued to grow strongly.
 Over the last six months,
 They've of course been looking for assurance
 on the security supply which we can give them.
 strong governance.
 but also meeting their needs on innovation
 and meeting their sustainability objectives.
 And in the U.S. we've been particularly strong, once again with our global accounts being
 perfectly honest, we could have grown even more strongly in the U.S. If it wasn't for
 Allah is the Greatest
 It being so tight.
 Volins in H2 have started well.
 we have a healthy order book and a number of really exciting opportunities give us confidence
 in the outlook for the year.
 here.
 Dear Smith, we positioned ourselves at the centre of three structural growth drivers, digital
 enablement, the changing retail environment, and the whole debate around sustainability
 in plastic replacements.
 And at COP26, it has it's further intensified the debate, raised awareness once again of the
 importance to all of us of the environmental impact of how we're living and of course it's
 on carbon, where we have a science-based target and a commitment to net zero by 2050, but it's
 also a work on the circular economy, about the closed loop,
 the reuse, the recycling and about plastic replacement at every opportunity and this
 Replacements is being supported by new legislation, which is now has come in and will continue
 to come across the EU and also in the UK.
 I show here our performance across a whole range of ESG indices, over a number of years,
 you can clearly see constant, good, strong, steady progress.
 And with MSCI, where we have a double A rating,
 is particularly relevant for shareholders and the providers of capital, when we talk
 to our customers, they remain very interested in the CDP score and they're delighted with
 our continuing progress there, just reaffirmed this week with a further improvement in our
 ranking. And turn it to some practical examples of sustainability in action. The first is
 around the circular economy about the recyclability
 and the actual recycling of packaging,
 as Europe's largest fiber recycler
 with extensive recycling operations across Europe
 with 100% recyclable products,
 and our approach to a fully closed loop,
 where we collect waste product from our customers
 and converted into packaging,
 We're seeing a number of customers awarding new long-term contracts on the basis of a
 closed loop.
 I show here an example with lathe weights, the wine supplier, where we pick up waste
 and then we convert it into packaging within 14 days to bring it back to them, but very
 importantly we've just secured a significant new contract with a very
 large customer over many years where our closed loop offering was instrumental to us securing
 that business. And of course, in plastic replacement, that new legislation, the new tax
 on plastics combined with consumer awareness is seeing an acceleration in the conversion
 plastic to fibre. There was last, in the whole of the last financial year, we replaced 54 million
 and plastic products with fiber products
 In the first six months of this year, we've converted 118 million, and we expect this
 rate of change to increase over the coming years.
 And we continue to invest behind this growth. We see strong, consistent demand coming to
 to our business, the structural tailwinds,
 and also our deeper conversations with our customers.
 If we continue to invest in new technology,
 new capacity, often it's much more efficient, carbon neutral, providing very attractive
 returns on capital between 15 and 20 percent and as an example of these we
 We have our two new packaging plants, both will be online in H2, they're both 50% pre-sold
 and our customers are very excited
 about these real state-of-the-art facilities.
 And of course, we continue to evaluate further opportunities
 with our customers to support them over the medium term.
 When we combine these deep customer relationships with the structural tailwinds our market offers
 and our supply chain and operational capabilities,
 We can see good volume growth going forward,
 increasing productivity and pricing momentum.
 and all of this underpins our confidence
 in achieving our medium term targets.
 There was a summary.
 We're pleased with the progress in each one, with the rising
 volumes, our levels of customer service, the strength of our supply chain, how that's
 to now just to manage our cost space.
 and the pricing momentum combined with that strong cash flow.
 and looking ahead, we've had a good start to H2,
 both in volume and pricing momentum.
 So in H2, we do expect there to be a significant improvement in profitability and strong progress
 towards achieving all of our medium term financial targets.
 Thank you very much.
 So myself and Agent, I'm very happy to take any questions you may have.
 Thank you, so if you would like to ask a question or make a contribution on today's call
 please press star 1 on your telephone keypad. You will be advised when to ask
 your question.
 we ask that you initially limit each contribution to one question wherever possible.
 So as a reminder, if you would like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone
 keypad.
 So, our first question comes from the line of Lars Kölberg. You're now in muted. Please go ahead.
 Thank you and good morning.
 Just a couple of questions.
 One that stands out, you know, this thing talks about energy surcharges in container
 board in particular. So I just wanted to hear your thoughts on how you deal with that in
 the downstream corrugated activity if you can pass such on or if you're even exposed
 to it.
 The other one I just wanted to touch base with you on is sustainable packaging.
 You called out the, I think you said 118 products being replaced this year versus 54 last year.
 Can you give us any sense of what that means in new business for yourself?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Lars.
 And we have seen some, we've read about some announcements from some suppliers who have
 on energy surcharges.
 We haven't actually, we'd experienced that ourselves somewhat, our supply chain.
 I said we work with a whole number of paper spas.
 They tend to be quite long and deep relationships.
 So, we haven't actually seen that, but we have,
 We understand that some people have done that elsewhere, certainly from ourselves, but we haven't done that.
 As I said, we've got extensive hedging in place and I think it's not just the hedging,
 the other solutions are used, you know, more biomass in different types of energy solution
 have helped us mitigate that. But nevertheless, for a variety of reasons, the price of paper
 has risen very strongly. And you can see in our results we have actually fully mitigated
 all the increasing cost that we've faced with the price increases and we absolutely expect
 that to continue in the in the second half we've seen obviously November and
 and that's reinforced our confidence in that.
 I think in terms of the, if we just look at plastics,
 the wide environmental debate.
 you've actually looked at all the sort of renegotiations
 you've had with many of our customers.
 And just monitoring the importance of environmental issues.
 where they place them, the ability to replace plastics is one of them.
 You'd go back a few years, you've monitored quite a long time, if you go back a few years,
 It was just one of the issues, but now it's right up there.
 it's often it's the first thing that they want to talk about, they want to discuss about
 that long-term innovation. How can we take plastic out? What are the opportunities there?
 How can we improve our environmental footprint?
 As you know, we have our design metrics, which
 be used with all our customers that really show them the environmental impact of their
 product and how we're performing there. I think that's really taken now as an industry
 standard.
 So it's becoming much more important.
 We put the plastic there, because they've
 been the example of plastic plates in the $180 million.
 In sort of to date we've been monitoring over the over the over the last couple of years
 And that's probably over that period.
 Maybe you're getting about, it's probably less than 1% in terms of our revenue, but I
 I think in terms of what we feel quite excited about is,
 It's just part of that.
 overall debate but the rate of increase 54 million units last year 180 million in the first six months
 And we know the effect of the legislation that's coming on.
 We know there's taxation on plastics.
 said we don't produce plastic products so we don't have any conflict in our business on this.
 We can see what our customers are saying to us and we expect that rate of increase to
 continue to grow.
 and you know let's see where it gets to but it's just another one of those
 who's the tailwind that's in there.
 but thank you for your question.
 So our next question comes from the line of Cole Haythorn from Jeffries.
 You're now enmuted. Please go ahead.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 Just got to the first is on demand trends. I mean you've talked about the second half starting well
 Well, can I just start thinking about, you know, how this progresses?
 I mean, we've, you do have tougher comps.
 Are you kind of looking at that kind of demand trends?
 Yes, you'll have tougher comps.
 So your volume growth will obviously slow,
 but demand is staying at a high level
 and you're talking a little bit about industrial recovery,
 So I'm just wanting to understand how you think about that volume progression through
 the year and into next year. And then secondly, on the North America division, you talked
 Just about good recovery there and there is recovery but export prices in the US have
 been really strong.
 Will that benefit be seen in the second half results for your business, for your export
 prices that really starts to be realized and you see that recovery in that North America
 Division. How should we see the second half phasing of the North America Division? Thank
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Colin.
 In the demand, you're absolutely right.
 that we have a much stronger, tougher comparative
 in the second half of last year, I think we're at 8.4%.
 I think you've gone in the second half of last year, three and a half percent over the
 for you. But nevertheless, the demand, it remains strong. We remain very busy. We've
 We've probably got the lead up to Christmas at the moment and e-commerce continues to
 be to move ahead very well.
 The outlook, when we look over the second half,
 We've got a number of new contracts.
 the whole environmental debate continues.
 So we actually see the absolute level of demand
 our forward order book is strong.
 It's strong, it's very encouraging.
 We have these two new sites coming on, and we are looking forward to them coming on.
 They're 50th cent pre-sold, they're all on track and I think the rest of their capacity
 could be taken probably a little bit earlier than we originally planned. It does look good
 And that looks set to continue to next year now.
 Obviously, the whole economy is uncertain
 what's going to happen and all of these things.
 So we can't give exact numbers, but it
 I just feel continuing to be strong.
 Yes, you're right, in North America export prices have been strong, the amount that we
 The export has reduced quite significantly over the, since we opened up the new Lebedon
 facility.
 That's
 .
 continues to grind very nicely, it's doing very well.
 So we are much less exposed to those export prices, but nevertheless, domestic pricing
 in the U.S. has also been strong. The price recovery has been very good, but we will see
 more of the effect of this, I think as Adrian spoke about, we'll see more of the effect
 to this in the second half.
 So the outlook for North America in the second half is we're going to see further ongoing
 improvements in that in that business also the first half again as agent said we did have a shut and a big pay-per-mill there
 but which won't happen in the second half, so we should see further good progress there,
 volume, pricing, and we won't have this paper wall shut. It's a plan-maintenance
 But thank you, Cole. Thank you.
 So our next question comes from the line of Sam Bland from JP Morgan.
 Sam, you're now when you should. Please go ahead.
 Oh, thanks and good morning.
 I've got two questions, if I can please.
 The first one is, can you talk about kind of what
 proportion of volume is on sort of indexed or contracted prices and hasn't yet really
 seen an increase yet following the recent rise in paper prices and the second question
 I guess you're now below your leverage target, I'll probably move further below as profitability
 rises going forwards, what are the options that keep on delivering a bit further for
 now or other things you can do with the cash basically.
 Thank you.
 No, absolutely.
 Thank you, Sam.
 I'll take the first nevaging, talk to you about the leverage.
 You're absolutely right.
 We've got the indexed deals.
 These are working on average use.
 It could be the last three months.
 They do tend to take a little bit and therefore a little bit
 longer to come through than are freely negotiated. At the moment, we are running at about between
 45 and 50 percent of our contracts are on indexed deals and sort of 50 to 55 percent
 are on freely negotiated. There are key index points. The next one is, I mean, they happen
 the time but you get some big events will be on the 1st of January and you're
 absolutely right, we would expect to see, we certainly do expect to see, a further
 a very good automatic recovery of the paper price increases that really have come through
 over October, November and December and they are quite considerable so that they will come
 through there, as they have been doing in the first half, but they can on the leverage.
 Yeah, if you think so. I'm on leverage, you're right.
 It's now a lower target level, and as you rightly say,
 mathematically if you look forward you know one easily expects to see further
 improvement. But it is just at our lower target now. We're very encouraged with
 the board cash flow, but we're making two very, very big capital projects that come
 online as Maas described in the second half, the Polish Greenfield and the Italian Greenfield.
 It's too huge.
 of the art facilities, chasing organic growth there very well, very good returns and we
 We continue to look at opportunities going forward, as you'd expect.
 I mean, clearly, we've got a limited number of choices.
 we can invest behind growth capital to deliver, you know,
 ahead of our target return on capital, we can continue to do leverage, or we can return
 capital, they're effectively the auctions and as you would expect, you know, Miles and
 myself and the border evaluating that very carefully and likewise, you know, we're having
 ongoing discussions with shareholders about what the expectations are.
 whilst they're good organic opportunities to give us
 those significant returns, then clearly we're looking at those too.
 So our next question comes from the line of Brian Morgan at Morgan Stanley, you're now
 when we should. Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning guys. Thanks very much for the call. The sense that we're getting, obviously,
 is that container-bored markets are very, very tired at the moment.
 and I just wanted to get a sense
 with your net short tap position.
 Are you struggling in any particular grade to get paper at the moment of the grade where
 you quite short more potential regions where you are short and pepper at the
 moment.
 Now look, we do have a short payment position, and that's really looking at all that capacity
 the independent paper capacity in Germany that keeps on coming online, in fact, the
 system
 more capacity is just opening now.
 And rather than us investing in and around that region,
 we prefer to buy the paper, we don't think the returns on those assets are attractive
 for our shareholders.
 But we don't do this, obviously, like heartily.
 We enter into long-term supply agreements
 with many of those large, independent paper producers.
 and quite a bit of a new capacity that's coming online.
 and has been announced, will come to mind.
 And we entered into arrangements with those suppliers over the last one, two, three years
 to take the pay that they're producing.
 They're bar-nodged.
 We haven't had any paper.
 fly issues. What's been more of an issue has been on the logistic side, but the
 paper that we need, just making sure that we can move it around and, you know, inevitably
 some of that...
 We're having some logistics issues around there very short term.
 We've got our only here in-house fleet of vehicles.
 we've been able to utilize those,
 making sure we're able to keep our level of service
 high to our customers.
 So no real issues, not if you're an actress.
 No, no, not, not, not, not, not, not particularly, not particularly, no. But, but thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of David O'Brien at Goodbye. You're now
 Now, when muted, please go ahead.
 Good morning, guys.
 for taking my questions and to sustainability, if I could.
 I guess you mentioned miles in the commentary that, you know, sustainability is up to the
 criteria list when discussing contracts with customers, especially firstly, is that allowing
 you to achieve or do you think it will allow you to achieve a price premium in the near
 term which is something you know over the years that the industry has struggled to really
 achieved and I guess you also touched on one of the contracts being very long term, maybe
 you could comment on what is happening to duration of contracts as we evolve to look
 more value out offering to customers. And then secondly, you know, how do we think about the
 carbon or how do you think about the carbon intensity of your business, and particularly,
 you know, when we think about recycled container boards, do you have, you know, a carbon intensity
 per ton average through the system at the moment and target for where you want to get
 in five or ten years and what are the key levers to kind of get you there?
 There are two very, very, very, very important questions.
 On the...
 on this sustainability.
 You look in the graph that Aging put up about the price on the EBITDA bridge and you can
 see the raw material cost increase and actually slightly over recover them and it's called
 price and mix.
 um
 we're able to pass on our increasing prices and if we actually look at the
 that the profitability in terms of the sense or the sense per square meter,
 It's for the more sustainable products where there's more engineering in them, then it's
 certainly better.
 I think it's up to us to keep on reinforcing and explaining about the embedded value there
 And ultimately, it's about our customer
 making that case to the consumer.
 And where we see customers who are able to make that connection with the consumer about
 the full environmental density of their products, then there is clearly a premium there.
 this needs to be explained it needs to be there needs to be more marketing of
 this and where it works, it works well.
 well.
 but there's cleaning more, more watching.
 I do think it will become a little bit more polarized
 over the coming years.
 once you are claiming these credentials and various consumer groups who will pay that
 premium and I think there'll be some others but it's it's moving in it's
 moving in the right direction, certainly in the short term I was very pleased with the
 price we're covering, the stickiness of customers, where we have those solutions, and therefore
 our ability to price fairly. That's worked well.
 Yep, you're right on the carbon intensities.
 They've got science-based targets.
 We have to reduce our carbon per tonne by 2050 by well over 90%.
 That's the that is the criteria. We have made huge progress over the last
 past 10, 15 years, but we do have an interim target in 2030 where we need to reduce the
 carbon intensity per tonne by well over 40% and we're absolutely on track to do
 that. Much of the way we solve in that problem actually ties in with some
 is century placement of various sort of power solutions and heat and energy solutions that
 that we currently have.
 they're tied into the existing replacement program.
 But obviously, those new facilities
 have to be far more efficient.
 And they also have to use some new technology.
 So there's more about waste to energy.
 There's more of that biomass.
 There's more of that fire gas.
 We're using known technology.
 Again, we've good supply chains for the energy source.
 And I think we are going to get to 2030 with those targets
 directly discussed in another day, again in detail.
 We're on track to achieve them at a fair cost.
 We're not going to see some sort of explosion in capital expenditure here, simply so much
 is tied into a central replacement anyway and often we get government grants and supports
 to do that. So what we have to do, and we've got a very good plan for it. But thank you.
 Thank you for your question.
 Next question comes from the line of Justin Jordan
 at BMP Paribas exam.
 You're now enmuted, please go ahead.
 Thank you. Good morning everyone gentlemen. I've got a question regarding this mess paper strategy and in recent days
 I've spoken with several of your leading shareholders.
 many of whom are delighted to be on the call with you today.
 gentlemen, I'll be diplomatic, you know, in saying your shoulders feel somewhat confused.
 You shall, as with solar vision, that the Smith's short paper strategy would deliver
 for both, firstly, superior returns, and secondly,
 And that's the balance of the terms that you're more
 virtually to be its peers such as Smirfa Kappa among the in Europe or
 international paper on Westrock in the U.S.
 Sadly, the factual reality has proved very different to that.
 personally this morning you're reporting sequentially declining
 even margins, which were 8.8% in the six months to April 21, and declined to 8.2% in the six
 most of October 21, a period where you're more
 The virtual integrated peers such as Mephicapa and Monty have both supported sequentially
 improving margins because they've got less cost inflation. They're virtually integrated.
 you're not usual paper
 Sadly, this is not a one-off event of the last six months.
 the factual reality is that each of the last five years,
 Yes, Ms. Ebert Margin's return of cap and ploy to have been consistently lower and
 consistently more volatile
 then you're virtually directed peers.
 So my question is, can you please explain to yourself this, particularly those on the
 call with us today, why does the deersmith board
 assist with this short paper strategy, which is condemning your shareholders to endure
 or firstly lower returns, and more importantly, more volatile returns than your vertically
 and traded sector peers, such as Murphy, Kaplan, Mundy.
 Thanks for that question.
 Thank you very much.
 Yeah, the first thing I would say is that's not the feedback we get, but fine. I mean, if you've got it, good.
 The reality is, you know, we set out and we've been very clear, our primary target is return
 on capital employed. We've made a couple of very significant acquisitions which are head
 of those acquisitions are at a point we announced them, we describe the diluted effect of return
 and I'm capital employed.
 We're now seeing those returning to our targets.
 With respect to margins, that is exactly what I said out in our presentation.
 our margins will, you know, will mathematically be dilutive as we as we recover costs and then as our
 Our rate of price recovery exceeds that level of inflation.
 they become accreted back to our target again.
 So there's no issue there.
 In terms of sport or long paper, we've described before.
 it's about the amount of capital employed
 that we want to have in paper manufacturing.
 If we buy in, or if you make it, we're
 different to a comparable competitor that's fully integrated because you will still have
 the input cost of OTC and energy, unless, of course, there's super benefits to be made
 at a recycled paper at the moment.
 What we've seen is actually the opposite of that,
 the added value on recycled paper being compressed,
 Obviously, that's different on craft liner.
 The other point I'd say is, I don't see a comparative.
 I mean, one of the companies you described
 a long paper company so of course when paper prices are rising they'll make a better margin
 likewise they'll make a much reduced margin when it's falling. The other one you described has a
 the number of similarities, but also the significant plastics business. We don't split out, we
 we don't see what those different moving parts are.
 So all I can describe is our business, our strategy.
 We've been very clear about it.
 We believe it's the right one.
 We want to deploy capital where it's adding the most value
 and we're going to get the best return out of it.
 Historically, that's been through some significant
 acquisitions, which have had goodwill attached, be stripped of goodwill out, you can work
 out different results too. So we're quite comfortable with that. We've confirmed our
 on medium term targets.
 We can see the bridges to those, but I appreciate the question, thanks.
 So our next question comes from the line of Harry Phillips from Peel Hunt.
 You're now in muted.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, good morning, everyone.
 just a quick question on your sort of top-line growth target just flicking
 back through history, you've had GDP plus 1% for a decade now. And Mars, you alluded
 It is a sort of plastic, you know, getting towards 1% in terms of substitution, e-commerce
 ...
 obviously is accelerating.
 So, I just wonder, what point do you sort of think that target is too conservative and
 you might think about nudging that up a little bit.
 Harry, it's a question and a challenge that we have been giving a lot of thought to.
 It's clearly been a disconnect between our business and GDP.
 If you look at last year, our volumes grew 3.5% at a time when the GDP across our markets
 was heavily negative.
 we continue to see good strong growth and our challenge is more about is it is it
 more of an absolute level. It's quite clear in the meeting term that those
 drives that we've spoken about, we should expect growth to be higher and it has been
 in the past.
 We can see that in our customers.
 can see the way they're talking to, we can see how we've taken share, we can see
 we've taken share within our existing customers. We can see the length and the duration of the
 the contracts that we are with them.
 we feel quite positive. The thing that sort of holds us back a little bit is just like
 heavy you know it's just an uncertain it's just an uncertain it's uncertain
 environment.
 but what we can see is good growth going forward, maybe it's at a more sort of
 absolute level. Maybe we're sort of decoupling a bit from GDP as we get so much more on the
 FMCG and those tailwinds that we've spoken about. But we do have to be
 look at it and when we're ready, we'll come back and we'll look at that target again but
 It's certainly something that we...
 They'll be look at going forward. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, we'll come back in the meeting term target. Thank you
 So our final question comes from the line of Cole Hawthorne from Geoffrey's, you're now
 Now in muted, please go ahead.
 Hi Cole, are you on mute locally?
 Bye.
 it seems that we've lost coal, so I'll just turn it back to you for any closing remarks.
 Thank you everybody for your time listening to us this morning. We we're very great for that, but just as a summary
 We're pleased with the volume growth.
 We're pleased with the price to a momentum.
 North America is coming strongly.
 balance sheets in good condition and just looking into the second half as I said we expect to see
 a significant improvement in profitability and a significant move back towards our medium-term
 target. But thank you again.
 Thank you for joining today's call. You may now disconnect your lines.
 hosts, please stay on the line and await further instruction.