 We've got the ladies present, please.
 Thank you.
 So good morning and welcome.
 Welcome to our presentation on the results for the six months to the end of October.
 I'm Myles Roberts, the group's chief executive
 and I'm joined by my colleague
 Adrian Marsh
 our group finance director
 the half year showed continuing good progress right across the company as a solely fiber-based
 business. That's with no
 plastics, we continue
 to benefit from a very
 dynamic market
 And Mark,
 we positioned ourselves to benefit
 from. Different retail
 channels are developing quickly
 and continue to change
 And there's a different relationship between consumers and packaging.
 And, of course, COP26.
 it's intensified
 the debate and the demand
 for circular solutions
 as well as carbon reduction.
 so all of this is positioned
 us not only to grow in the
 last six months but for
 with continued good growth.
 With this background, we've seen our volumes go strongly, up 9.4%.
 But you're also seeing good pricing momentum.
 which when combined with our
 financial hedging
 and long-term
 deep supply arrangements
 has allowed us to mitigate the increasing operating costs.
 Consequently, our operating profit has risen by 26% and our earnings per share by 33%.
 And I'm very pleased to see how the U.S. has continued to perform,
 where it's operating profits up 64%
 Really benefiting not only from excellent pricing momentum, but strong volume growth.
 And our cash flow's been strong, and it's brought our leverage to 1.9 times net debt to EBITDA.
 well inside our medium term target
 and looking ahead to the second half it started well we also have new investments coming on stream
 later in H2
 and we expect to make a significant further improvement in profitability
 and progress towards
 our medium-term targets in the second half.
 Adrian, would you take us through the detail of the financial results?
 Thank you, Miles, and good morning, everyone.
 By way of my normal reminder, I've described the performance of the business on a constant
 currency basis.
 Here are our financial highlights.
 Revenue was up 22%, reflecting record box volume growth
 and higher prices across packaging, paper, and recycling.
 Together, these more than offset significant cost increases
 with operating profit up 26%, including a 64% increase in the U.S.
 Return on sales before exceptional or adjusting items increased 30 basis points.
 The extent that our increased input costs are matched almost
 pound for pound in our revenue line
 then mathematically
 we have a small optical margin dilution which is more
 of an offset by a volume growth.
 Clearly, our margin becomes much more accretive
 as the rate of price recovery in the second half of the year
 and into our next financial year overtakes the rate of input cost inflation,
 driving a return to our target range.
 Profit growth has flowed through to EPS and cash
 and I'll talk more about our net debt and leverage reduction shortly.
 return on average capital employed
 has significantly improved, which, of course,
 does not have the same nuances for margins and demonstrates more immediately our improvement
 in returns
 With growing profits and after a period of expected dilution following our significant
 acquisitions and the even more recent impact of COVID, then we can clearly demonstrate we're also
 on track to return shortly to our medium-term targets for return on average capital employed.
 Whilst not on this slide, I'm sure the sharper-eyed of you will have spotted that exceptional
 or adjusting items are, as we have advised they would be,
 the minimus in the period.
 I'll now go through the main moving parts
 of the usual bridges.
 Record box volume growth of 9.4% contributed £172 million to revenues.
 Other volumes is a mix of increased volumes
 of other packaging and recycling offset
 by less external paper sales as we use more internally.
 The largest increase is clearly the sales price increase.
 Around 200 million pounds of the 432 million pounds is packaging pricing representing double
 digit average increases in box prices with a balance made
 up of external paper and recyclet sales.
 Returning to EBITDA, the contribution from volume growth has dropped through in the normal
 and that essentially is what's driven our profit growth.
 other volumes is the same story
 as on the revenue side with less external paper sales
 of setting increased other packaging volumes.
 sales price mix drops straight through to profit
 and it's pleasing that we've been successful
 in pushing through pricing
 to more than offset the very significant headwinds
 on the cost side, as well as managing the magnitude
 at those costs
 through our proactive procurement.
 all of which said
 we still have the usual lag in our price recovery,
 which, whilst positively impacting our second half,
 will be somewhat tempered by additional input cost inflation
 in the last three months of this half.
 Taking all this into account and where we are with box prices and index contracts still
 to trigger
 we're confident of additional price recovery and margin improvement in the second half
 this year
 On the cost side, the largest contributing factors are external paper purchasing together
 the fiber or ACC, which together make up around 300 million pounds.
 Energy, labor, and distribution have also increased significantly.
 Clearly energy has been a topic du jour in the recent weeks and we've been extremely
 well protected by our three-year
 rolling hedging program.
 That said, we've not been immune from year-on-year costs,
 particularly on the unhedged 10% of our exposure.
 Without this hedging, our results would have been severely impacted.
 Given our level of forward hedging,
 it in particular this year, we don't expect our energy costs to be materially worse than
 flat year on year
 with an opportunity to improve if prices fall.
 Overall, group margin has increased, albeit as I noted
 before, there is still a short-term dilutive impact from the input cost versus price inflation
 dynamic.
 which unwinds itself as the rate of price pass-through exceeds the rate of input cost inflation.
 Despite this short-term effect, we remain both confident
 that margins were returned to our target range
 with more paper capacity being added in Central Europe,
 our short paper strategy will continue, we believe, to offer the most efficient return
 and capital employed profile for our business
 by allowing us to allocate more capital to our higher value-adding packaging opportunities.
 regionally there are always variances depending on the level of our own paper
 production, which gets exaggerated
 when paper prices are either rising or falling sharply.
 Eastern Europe is the area where we're shortest paper
 and until the usual lagging pass through to packaging completes,
 The effect on return on sales is therefore greatest
 in that region in this period.
 The key is that once the rate of price
 recovery exceeds the rate of paper price inflation, we then see margins rising, which is our
 expectation for the second half of next year too.
 As previously discussed, it's particularly pleasing
 to see the expected and continued improvement
 in North America, consistent with what we set out 18 months ago.
 We've seen in this half a 64% increase in our U.S. profits
 despite a planned maintenance shut in our Papermill and Riceboro.
 I'm also pleased to report continued good cash flow during the first half.
 After an exceptional working capital performance last year,
 I think we've done well to essentially keep it flat during a rising pricing environment,
 Albeit, while receivables have risen in line with selling prices, we've also benefited
 from the risk management
 of our energy hedges, which has positively benefited our creditors.
 For the full year, I still expect a small working capital outflow.
 We have also again reduced our invoice discounting
 to 385 million pounds, in line with our guidance of below 400 million pounds.
 Just to note, on CapEx, we spent £125 million in the first half.
 I'll give my technical guidance shortly, but the phasing is such
 that the first half was always going to be less than the second half.
 and we're still expecting the full year amount to be around £430 million.
 pounds. Moving to the cash flow bridge, net debt reduced
 for 155 million pounds to its lowest level since April 2017,
 driven principally by the free cash flow.
 As guided, adjusting items are reduced to a negligible number
 And the acquisitions and disposal line is a net of the seller to hope
 and a deferred element of the interstate put
 and a couple of minority interest buyouts.
 For me, one of the highlights of the results is that net debt
 to EBITDA is back below two times, driven by both an increase in EBITDA this half and
 also a reduction in net debt, and I expect it to continue to be below target for the
 full year, recognizing that there are cash flow headwinds to come.
 Finally, my technical guidance.
 We're on track to deliver in line with our guidance
 at the start of the year
 and further improve our financial KPIs.
 so with that in mind
 There's basically no change to the guidance
 that we've previously given subject to any small variations, which foreign
 extension.
 translation may cause.
 I'll now hand you back to Miles to take you through some of the operational highlights
 and some of the opportunities that we're really excited about.
 Thank you, Agin, for taking us through the detail of the financial results.
 But I'd like to now to spend a bit of time just talking about why we're succeeding with our customers.
 to highlight some of the backgrounds behind that and what gives us the confidence for that the
 A future growth.
 the future opportunities for us.
 But firstly, I would just like to recap on some of the operational highlights from the first half.
 Turning to our people, everybody who works in DS Smith,
 once again we've seen a huge level of commitment and responsiveness
 throughout the whole company
 where there have inevitably been some local issues
 These have been very short-lived.
 How many covered through our scale and our flexibility, combined with all of our plants
 being fully operational throughout the whole period.
 And looking at our supply chain, this has remained very secure.
 Our group-wide procurement and sourcing function combined with long-term deep relationships
 with many of our suppliers, particularly in critical areas such as starch, energy, chemicals,
 and of course paper
 has resulted in good security of supply
 and good levels of supplier service.
 And with our customers, we stayed really close to them,
 listening to them,
 understanding their challenges
 and responding to them.
 And this has enabled us to maintain good levels of service.
 We've had good agility in meeting these changing needs,
 often supported
 our extensive use of new digital technology,
 helping us to really adapt quickly
 and of course all of this
 has supported good pricing momentum to recover our increasing costs.
 So throughout H1, we've seen good volume growth.
 We've been taking market share.
 Said previously, the growth at 9.4%.
 the FMCG sector has remained very strong
 and very robust.
 We have seen a partial recovery in the industrial sector.
 This is a relatively small part of our business, probably around 16%.
 It's suffered by some of our customers having some capacity constraints, but we expect that to come back.
 And with our large customers, we've continued to grow strongly.
 over the last six months
 They've, of course, been looking for assurance on the security of supply, which we can give them.
 Strong governance, but also meeting their needs on innovation and meeting their sustainability objectives.
 and in the US we've been particularly strong
 Once again, with our global accounts,
 Being perfectly honest, we could have grown even more strongly in the US
 if it wasn't for the labour market being so tight.
 Volumes in H2 have started well.
 we have a healthy
 order book and a number of really exciting opportunities give us confidence in the outlook
 for the year.
 At DS Smith, we positioned ourselves
 at the center of three structural growth drivers,
 digital enablement, the changing retail environment,
 and the whole debate around sustainability and plastic replacements.
 And at COP26, it's further intensified the debate,
 raised awareness once again of the importance of all of us of the environmental impact of how
 we're living and of course it's on carbon where we have a science-based target and a commitment to net
 zero by 2050
 but it's also
 going to work on the
 circular economy, about
 the closed loop, the reuse,
 the recycling
 and about plastic replacement
 at every opportunity
 and this
 replacement is being
 supported by new legislation
 which is now
 has come in and will continue
 to come in across the EU
 and also in the UK.
 I show here our performance across a whole range of ESG indices over a number of years.
 And you can clearly see constant, good, strong, steady progress.
 And with MSCI, where we have a double A rating,
 that is particularly relevant for shareholders
 and the provider of capital,
 when we talk to our customers
 They remain very interested in the CDP score, and they're delighted with our continuing
 progress there, just
 reaffirmed this week
 with a further improvement in our ranking.
 and turning to some practical examples of sustainability in action.
 The first is around the circular economy, about the recyclability and the actual recycling of packaging.
 as Europe's largest
 fiber recycler with extensive recycling operations across Europe with 100% recyclable products
 and our approach to a fully closed loop
 where we collect
 waste product from our customers
 and convert it into packaging
 we're seeing a number of customers
 awarding new long-term contracts
 On the basis of a closed loop, I show here an example with Lathwaite, the wine supplier,
 where we pick up waste from them
 We convert it into packaging within 14 days to bring it back to them.
 But very importantly, we've just secured
 a significant
 a new contract
 with a very large customer over many years
 where our closed-loop offering was instrumental to us securing that business.
 And of course, in plastic replacement, that new legislation, the new taxation on plastics,
 combined with consumer awareness
 is seeing an acceleration
 in the conversion of plastic to fibre.
 it was lost in the whole of the last
 financial year, we replaced
 54 million plastic products with fiber products in the first six months of this year we've converted
 of 118 million
 And we expect this rate of change to increase over the coming years.
 and we continue to invest
 behind this growth
 we've seen strong
 consistent demand
 coming to our business
 the structural tailwinds, and also our deeper conversations with our customers.
 As we continue to invest in new technology, new capacity, often it's much more efficient,
 carbon neutral, providing very attractive returns
 on capital between 15 and 20 percent and as an example of these we have our two new packaging
 plants
 Both will be online in H2.
 they're both 50% pre-sold
 And our customers are very excited about these real state-of-the-art facilities.
 And, of course, we continue to evaluate further opportunities with our customers to support them over the medium term.
 When we combine these deep customer relationships with the structural tailwinds our market offers
 and our supply chain and operational capabilities,
 we can see good volume growth going forward increasing productivity and pricing momentum
 and all of this underpins our confidence in achieving our medium-term targets so as a summary
 we're pleased with the progress in H1
 with rising volumes, our levels of customer service, the strength of our supply chain,
 how that's allowed us to manage our cost base
 and the pricing momentum combined with that strong cash flow.
 And looking ahead, we've had a good start to H2, both in volume and pricing momentum.
 so in h2 we do expect there to be a significant improvement in profitability
 and strong progress towards achieving all of our medium-term financial targets.
 Thank you very much.
 So myself and Adrian are very happy to take any questions you may have.
 Thank you. So if you would like to ask a question or make a contribution on today's call, please press star one on your telephone keypad.
 You will be advised when to ask your question.
 we ask that you initially limit each contribution to one question wherever possible.
 so as a reminder
 if you would like to ask a question, please press star one on your telephone keypad.
 So our first question comes from the line of Lars Kirlberg.
 you're now unmuted
 please go ahead.
 Thank you, and good morning.
 Just a couple of questions.
 one that stands out
 You know, there's been talks about energy surcharges in container board in particular.
 so I just wanted to hear your thoughts
 how you deal with that
 in the downstream
 corrugated activity
 if you can pass
 such on
 or if you're even exposed to it.
 The other one I just wanted to touch base with you on is sustainable packaging.
 You called out the, I think you said 118 products being replaced this year versus 54 last year.
 Can you give us any sense of what that means in new business for yourself?
 Thank you.
 thank you Lars
 We have seen some, we've read about some announcements from some suppliers who have
 output on energy surcharges.
 We haven't actually experienced that ourselves in our supply chain.
 I said we work with a
 with a whole number of papers passed,
 they tend to be quite sort of long and deep relationships.
 So, we haven't actually seen that, but we have,
 We understand that some people have done that elsewhere.
 certainly for myself we haven't done that
 as I said we've got extensive hedging
 and in place
 And I think it's not just the hedging,
 It's the other solutions that are used,
 more biomass and different types of energy solution
 have helped us mitigate that.
 But nevertheless, for a variety of reasons,
 the price of paper has risen very strongly.
 And you can see in our results, we have actually fully mitigated all the increasing costs that
 we've faced with price increases, and we absolutely expect that to continue in the second half.
 We've seen, obviously, November, and that's reinforced our confidence in that.
 I think in terms of the, if we just look at plastics, the wide environmental debate,
 you've actually looked at all the sort of the renegotiations we've had with many of our customers
 And just monitoring the importance of the environmental issues,
 and where they place and the ability
 to replace plastics is one of them.
 I think you'd go back a few years.
 you've monitored for quite a long time.
 If you go back a few years,
 It was just one of the issues, but now it's right up there.
 So often it's the first thing that they want to talk about,
 they want to discuss
 about that long-term innovation.
 how can we take plastic out
 what are the opportunities there
 how can we improve our environmental footprint
 as you know we have our design
 metrics which we use
 with all our customers that really show them the environmental impact of their product and
 how we're performing there, I think that's really
 taken now as an industry
 standard
 so it's becoming much more important
 we put the plastic there
 because they've been
 at the
 example of plastic plates in the
 a hundred and um
 18 million in sort of
 To date, we've been monitoring over the last couple of years.
 And that's probably over that period.
 Maybe you're getting about, it's probably less than 1% in terms of our revenue.
 But I think in terms of what we feel quite excited about
 is it's just part of that
 overall debate but the rated increase
 54 million units last year,
 $180 million
 in the first six months
 And we know the effect of the legislation that's
 coming on we know this taxation on plastics i said we don't produce plastic products so we don't have
 any conflict in our business on this
 we can see what our customers are saying to us
 and we expect that rate of increase to continue to grow.
 and you know
 And let's see where it gets to, but it's just another one
 of those tailwinds that are there.
 But thank you for your question.
 Our next question comes from the line of Cole Haythorn from Jefferies.
 You're now unmuted. Please go ahead.
 Morning, Miles. Morning, Adrian. Thanks for taking my question.
 I've just got two
 The first is on demand trends.
 I mean, you've talked about the second half starting well.
 can I just start thinking about
 how this progresses
 I mean, you do have tougher comps.
 Are you kind of looking at that kind of demand trend?
 Yes, you'll have tougher comps.
 So your volume growth will obviously slow, but demand is staying at a high level.
 and you're talking a little bit about industrial recovery.
 So I'm just wanting to understand how you think about that volume progression through the year and into next year.
 and then secondly on the North America division
 You talked about good recovery there, and there is recovery, but export prices in the U.S. have been really strong.
 Will that benefit be seen in the second half results for your business, for your export pricing that really starts to be realized and you see that recovery in that North America division?
 And how should we see the second half phasing of the North America division?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Cole.
 in the demand
 And you're absolutely right.
 we have a much stronger
 a tougher comparative in the second half of last year.
 I think it's about 8.4%.
 I think you grew in the second half of last year.
 3.5% over the full year.
 But nevertheless, the demand, it remains strong.
 um we remain very busy we've obviously got the lead up to christmas at the moment
 and e-commerce you know continues to be to move ahead very well uh the outlook when we look over
 Over the second half, we've got a number of new contracts and the whole environmental
 the debate continues.
 So we actually see the absolute level of demand
 our forward order book
 is um is strong it's uh it's uh it's strong it's very uh it's very encouraging
 you have these two new sites coming on
 And we are really looking forward to them coming on.
 They're 50% pre-sold.
 They're all on track.
 and there's uh and i think the rest of their capacity could be could be taken um probably a
 a bit earlier than we originally planned.
 it does look
 It does look good, and that looks set to continue to next year.
 Now, obviously, the whole economy is uncertain
 and what's going to happen
 and all of these things
 So we can't give exact numbers,
 that it does feel continuing to be strong.
 you're absolutely right in North America
 export prices have been strong, the amount
 the re-export has reduced quite significantly since we opened up the new Lebedon facility.
 continues to grow and develop very nicely it is doing very well so we are we're much less exposed
 to those export prices.
 But nevertheless, domestic pricing in the U.S. has also been strong.
 The price recovery has been very good.
 but we'll see more of the effect of this.
 I think as Adrian spoke about,
 We'll see more of the effect of this in the second half.
 So the outlook for North America in the second half
 is we're going to see further ongoing improvements
 in that.
 that business.
 Also, the first half, again, as Adrian said, we did have a shut and a big paper mill there,
 but which won't happen in the second half so we should see further good progress there
 volume pricing and um and we won't have this uh paid more
 It's a planned maintenance shot, but thank you, Cole.
 Thank you.
 So our next question comes from the line of Sam Bland from J.P. Morgan.
 Sam, you are now in muted. Please go ahead.
 Oh, thanks, and good morning.
 I've got two questions, if I can, please.
 The first one is, can you talk about what proportion of volume is on sort of indexed or contracted prices
 and hasn't yet really seen an increase yet following the recent rise in paper prices.
 And the second question is, I guess you're now below your leverage target.
 I'll probably move further below as profitability rises going forwards.
 What are the sort of the options?
 does it keep on delivering a bit further for now
 or other things you can do with the cache, basically.
 Thank you.
 No, absolutely.
 thank you Sam
 And I'll take the first new agent and talk to you about the leverage.
 you're absolutely right
 we've got the index deals
 These are working on averages.
 it could be the last three months
 They do tend to take a little bit and therefore a little bit longer to come through than are freely negotiated.
 at the moment
 We are running at about...
 the high
 between 45% and 50% of our contracts are on indexed deals
 and sort of 50% to 55% are on freely negotiated.
 there are key index points
 The next one is, I mean, they happen all the time,
 but you get some big events will be
 on the 1st of January
 and you're absolutely right
 we would expect to see.
 we certainly do expect to see
 a further
 a very good automatic recovery of the paper price increases
 really have come through over October, November, and December, and they are quite considerable,
 so that they will come through there
 as they have been doing in the first half.
 But Adrian, on the leverage?
 Yes.
 Thanks, Sam. On leverage, you're right.
 I'm very pleased it's now
 below our target level
 And as you rightly say, mathematically, if you look forward, you know, one easily expects
 to see further improvement, but it is just below our target now.
 we're very encouraged
 with deep
 the forward
 cash flow
 but we're
 we're making two, you know,
 very, very big
 capital projects
 that come online, as Miles described in the second half,
 the Polish Greenfield and the Italian Greenfield,
 with these two huge state-of-the-art facilities chasing organic growth there very, very well,
 very good returns and we continue to look at opportunities going forward as you'd expect I
 I mean, clearly, we've got a limited number of choices.
 We can invest behind growth capital to deliver, you know, ahead of our target return on capital.
 we can continue to
 leverage, or we can return capital.
 They're effectively the options, and as you would expect, you know, Mars and myself and
 the board are evaluating that very carefully. And likewise, you know, we're having ongoing
 discussions with shareholders about
 and what the expectations are.
 the world has said good organic opportunities
 that give us those significant returns
 and clearly we're looking at those too.
 Thank you.
 So our next question comes from the line of Brian Morgan at Morgan Stanley.
 You're now unmuted. Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning, guys. Thanks very much for the call.
 So the sense that we're getting, obviously,
 is that container board markets are very, very tight at the moment.
 And I just wanted to get a sense with your net short path position.
 Are you struggling in any particular grade to get paper at the moment?
 of it, Greg, were you
 quite short, more potential
 or regions where you are short and paper at the moment?
 Look, we do have a short paper position
 and that's really looking at all that capacity,
 independent paper capacity
 in Germany
 that keeps on coming online
 in fact there's some more capacity
 it's just opening now
 And rather than us investing in and around that region, we prefer to buy the paper.
 We don't think the returns on those assets are attractive for our shareholders.
 but we don't do this
 obviously lightheartedly
 we enter into
 long-term supply agreements with many of those large independent paper producers and then and
 quite a bit of the new capacity that's coming online and has been announced will come online,
 We entered into arrangements with those suppliers over the last one, two, three years to take
 the paper they're producing
 so by and large
 We haven't had any paper supply issues.
 What's been more of an issue
 has been on the logistics side
 The paper that we need, just making sure that we can move it around and inevitably there have been some logistics issues around.
 they're very short term we've got our only in-house fleet of vehicles we've been able to
 to utilize those, making sure we're able to keep our level of service high to our customers.
 so no real issues
 not an issue on access
 No, no, not particularly, not particularly, no.
 But thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of David O'Brien at Goodbye.
 you're now unmuted
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning, guys.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 and two on sustainability, if I could.
 I guess you mentioned miles in the commentary that, you know,
 sustainability is up the criteria
 a list when discussing
 contracts with customers
 was firstly
 is that allowing you to achieve
 or do you think it will allow you to achieve a price premium in the near term,
 which is something, you know, over the years that the industry has struggled to really achieve.
 And I guess you also touched on one of the contracts being very long-term.
 maybe you could comment on what is happening
 to duration of contracts
 as we evolve through, look, a more value-add offering to customers.
 And then secondly, you know, how do we think about the carbon or how do you think about the carbon intensity of your business?
 And particularly, you know, when we think about recycled container boards, do you have, you know, a carbon intensity per ton average through the system at the moment and a target for where you want to get in five or 10 years?
 and what are the key levers to kind of get you there.
 They're two very, very, very, very important questions.
 on the
 on this
 sustainability
 you look in the graph
 that Aging put up about the price on the EBITDA bridge.
 And you can see the raw material cost increase.
 actually slightly over over recover them and it's called price mix. We're able to pass on our
 increasing prices
 and if we
 actually look
 at the
 that the profitability
 in terms of the sense
 or the cents per square meter, it's for the more sustainable products where there's more
 engineering in them
 then it's certainly better.
 I think it's up to us to keep on reinforcing and explaining about the embedded value of it.
 And ultimately, it's about our customer making that case to the consumer.
 and where we see
 customers who are able to make
 that connection with the consumer
 about the full environmental credential of their product,
 then there is clearly a premium there.
 But this needs to be explained.
 it needs to be
 there needs to be more marketing of this and where it works it works well um but there's clearly more
 more work
 and I do think
 will become a little bit more polarized over the coming years you know you are claiming these
 credentials and various consumer groups who will pay that premium and I think there'll
 be some others but it's it's moving in it's moving in the right direction
 certainly in the short term
 I was very pleased with the price recovery and the stickiness of customers
 where we have those solutions
 and therefore our ability to
 price fairly
 that's worked well
 You're absolutely right on the carbon intensities.
 You know, we've got a science-based target.
 we have to reduce
 our carbon
 per tonne by 2050 by well over 90%.
 That's the, that is the criteria.
 We have made huge progress over the last 10, 15 years.
 But we do have an interim target in 2030
 where we need to reduce the carbon intensity per tonne
 by well over 40%, and we're absolutely on track to do that.
 much of the way we're solving that problem
 And that actually ties in with some essential replacement of various power solutions and
 heat and energy solutions that we we currently have so they're tied into the existing replacement
 programs, but obviously
 they
 those new facilities have to be far more efficient
 And they also have to use some new technology.
 So there's more about waste to energy, there's more about biomass, there's more about biogas.
 using known technology, again with good supply chains for the energy source, and I think
 we are going to get to 2030 with those targets we're actually discussing another day again in
 detail um we're we're on track to uh we're on track to achieve them at um you know at a at a
 at a fair cost.
 We're not going to see some sort of explosion in capital
 expenditure here.
 simply as so much is tied into a central replacement anyway,
 and often we get government grants and supports to do that.
 So that's what we have to do, and we've got a very good plan for it.
 thank you
 Thank you for your question.
 our next question comes from the line of justin jordan at bmp parabola exam you're now unmuted
 please go ahead.
 Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Gentlemen, I've got a question regarding D.S. Smith's short paper strategy.
 in recent days I've spoken with several
 your leading
 channel
 there's
 many of whom are delighted to be on the call with you
 today. Gentlemen, I'll
 People have to be diplomatic, you know, in saying your shoulders feel somewhat confused.
 your shoulders were sold a vision that
 Theo Smith's short paper strategy
 would deliver both.
 Firstly,
 superior returns, and secondly, that's
 Donaldson returns, then you're more vertically
 integrated peers such as Smurford Capra
 Mundi in Europe or International Paper on West Rock
 in the U.S.
 Sadly, the factual reality has proved very different to that.
 you know, firstly, this morning, you're reporting sequentially declining even margins, which
 were 8.8% in the six months to April 21 and declined to 8.2% in the six months to October
 21, a period where you're more
 vertical integrated peers
 such as Mefa Kappa and Mondi have both supported sequentially improving margins
 because they've got less cost inflation.
 You're virtually integrated.
 you're not
 usual paper.
 Now, sadly, this is not a one-off event of the last six months.
 So the factual reality is that each of the last five years,
 D.F. Smith, E.B. Margin's return of Captain Floyd
 have been consistently lower
 and consistently more volatile than your vertically integrated peers.
 So, my question is, can you please explain to your shareholders, particularly those on the call with us today, why does the DSMIT board persist with this short paper strategy, which is condemning your shareholders to endure, firstly, lower returns and, more importantly, more volatile returns than your vertically integrated sector peers, such as Murphy, Kaplan, Mundy?
 Justin, thanks for the question.
 the first
 first thing I would say is
 That's not the feedback we get, but fine.
 I mean, if you've got it, good.
 the reality is
 we said out and we've been very clear
 our primary target is return on capital employed.
 We've made a couple of very significant acquisitions,
 which are ahead of those acquisitions
 or at a point we announce them,
 We described the dilutive effect on return on capital employed.
 We're now seeing those returning to our targets.
 With respect to margins, that's exactly what I set out in our presentation.
 You know, our margins will, you know,
 will mathematically be dilutive as we recover costs.
 And then as our rate of price recovery exceeds that level inflation, they become accreted.
 back to our target again
 so there's no issue there
 In terms of short or long paper, we've described before, it's about the amount of capital employed that we want to have in paper manufacturing.
 If we buy in
 or if you make it.
 We're no different to a comparable competitor that's fully integrated because you will still
 have the input cost
 of OCC and energy, unless, of course,
 They're super benefits to be made out of recycled papering at the moment.
 What we've seen is actually the opposite of that.
 added value on recycled paper being compressed obviously that's different on craft liner the
 The other point I'd say is I don't see a comparative.
 I mean, one of the companies you described is a long paper company.
 So, of course, when paper prices are rising, they'll make a better margin.
 And likewise, they'll make a much reduced margin when it's falling.
 the other one you described
 has a number of similarities.
 of course, that's a significant plastics business.
 We don't split out.
 We don't see what those different moving parts are.
 So all I can describe is our business, our strategy.
 we've been very clear about it
 We believe it's the right one.
 we want to deploy capital
 where it's adding the most value
 and we're going to get the best return out of it.
 Historically, that's been through some significant acquisitions which have had goodwill attached
 you strip the goodwill out you obviously you can work out different different results too so we're
 quite comfortable with that.
 We've confirmed our medium-term targets.
 We can see the bridges to those, but I appreciate the question.
 Thanks.
 So our next question comes from the line of Harry Phillips from Peel Hunt.
 You're now unmuted. Please go ahead.
 Yeah, good morning, everyone.
 Just a quick question on your sort of top-line growth target.
 But just flicking back through history, you've had GDP plus 1% for a decade now.
 And, Miles, you alluded to the sort of plastics getting towards 1% in terms of substitution.
 e-commerce obviously is accelerating
 so I just wonder
 at what point do you sort of think that target is too conservative
 And you might think about nudging that up a little bit.
 Harry, it's a question and a challenge
 that we have been giving a lot of thought to.
 There's clearly been a disconnect between our business and GDP.
 If you look at last year,
 our volumes grew 3.5%
 at a time when
 GDP
 across our markets was heavily negative.
 Sitting here today, we continue to see good, strong growth.
 And our challenge is more about, is it more of an absolute level?
 it's quite clear in the median term
 with those drives that we've spoken about,
 we should expect growth to be higher than it has been in the past.
 We can see that in our customers.
 who can see the way they're talking to.
 We can see how he's taken share.
 We can see we've taken share within our existing customers.
 We can see the length and the duration of the contract that we are with them.
 so we feel quite positive
 The thing that sort of holds us back a little bit is just like Eddie, you know, it's just
 It's just an uncertain environment.
 But what we can see is good growth going forward.
 maybe it's at a more sort of absolute level maybe we're sort of decoupling a bit from
 GDP as we get so much more on the FMCG and those tailwinds that we've spoken about.
 But we do actively look at it.
 And when we're ready, we'll come back
 and we'll look at that target again.
 but it's certainly something that we've
 There'll be a look at going forward.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 We'll come back on the medium-term target.
 Thank you.
 So our final question comes from the line of Cole Hawthorne from Jefferies.
 You're now unmuted.
 please go ahead.
 Hi Cole, are you on mute locally?
 Thank you.
 Miles, it seems that we've lost coal, so I'll just turn it back to you for any closing remarks.
 Thank you, everybody, for your time listening to us this morning.
 we're very grateful for that.
 but just as a summary
 we're pleased with the volume
 growth. We're pleased with the price
 momentum
 North America is coming strongly
 the balance sheets in good condition and just looking into the second half as I said we expect
 to see a significant improvement in profitability
 and a significant move
 back towards our medium term
 targets.
 Thank you again.
 Thank you for joining today's call.
 you may now disconnect your lines.
 Hosts, please stay on the line and await further instruction.