 Thank you, Tom. Good afternoon, everyone.
 Tom highlighted Q1 with another solid quarter for Akamai with both revenue and earnings coming in at the high end of our guidance range
 Revenue in the first quarter was $609 million, up 7% year-over-year,
 or up 8% in constant currency.
 and up 13% if you exclude our six large internet platform customers.
 Revenue from our performance and security solutions was particularly strong, coming
 in at $369 million, growing 18% year-over-year, and was the driver of delivering to the high
 end of our guidance in the quarter.
 Performance and security solutions contributed over 60% of our total revenue in Q1.
 We are very pleased with the continued revenue diversification
 into our highly differentiated, higher margin, and more stable subscription model offerings.
 Within this solution category, we saw solid growth across all major product lines with
 particularly strong growth continuing in our cloud security solutions.
 First quarter revenue for our cloud security solutions was
 $110 million, up 37% year over year.
 Our security business now has an annualized revenue run rate of $450 million.
 We are pleased with the continued strong growth and execution of our cloud security business.
 Led by our flagship KonaSight Defender,
 and pro-lexic offerings.
 and our continued portfolio expansion.
 into new areas, like bot management.
 and enterprise application access.
 And we plan to further broaden our performance,
 security and enterprise offerings, where we see substantial long-term growth potential.
 our recent SOSA acquisition, which
 close in early April is a good example of extending our market
 leading web acceleration offerings into the natural adjacency of digital performance
 management, focusing on cloud application monitoring and testing, and aligning performance
 the business value.
 Turning now to our media delivery solutions.
 Revenue was $187 million in the quarter.
 down 9% year over year, and up 3% excluding our large internet
 platform customers.
 This revenue growth rate was lower than the past several quarters and below our expectations,
 driven by a moderation of traffic growth throughout the quarter in our America's region
 and within our gaming vertical, most notably.
 It is important to note that while the pricing environment in the media business
 remains highly competitive.
 aggregate price per bit declines.
 remain roughly within historical norms.
 As we have you discussed in the past, the drivers of the media business, namely traffic
 volumes and price can lead to revenue variability from period to period given the timing of
 customer renewals at lower price points, the size, timing, and delivery mechanism of software
 and gaming releases, as well as the adoption of social media and video
 platform capabilities.
 And while media growth rates have moderated more than we expected in the near term, we
 We continue to remain bullish on the longer-term secular growth trends for our media business,
 particularly in the OTT area as more video content moves online.
 Finally, revenue for my services and support solutions was $53 million in the quarter.
 up 15% year over year.
 Turning now to our Q1 revenue results by customer division.
 Revenue from our web division customers was $305 million, up 15% year over year.
 We continue to see solid growth in this customer base, particularly with cloud security offerings.
 Revenue from our media division customers was $285 million in the quarter, up 1% year
 over a year, and up 11% excluding the impact of the large
 internet platform customers.
 This growth rate was lower than 2016 levels,
 driven by the moderation in media traffic that I mentioned earlier.
 Finally, revenue from our emerging enterprise and carrier division customers was $19 million
 in the quarter.
 up 24% year over year.
 Moving on to our geographies.
 Sales in our international markets represented 33% of total revenue in Q1 up two points from Q4 levels
 International Market Revenue was $203 million in the first quarter.
 up 19 percent year over year or up 21 percent in constant currency driven by continued strong
 growth in our Asia Pacific region.
 exchange fluctuations had a negative impact on revenue of four million dollars
 on a year-over-year basis and $2 million on a sequential basis.
 Revenue from my U.S. market was $407 million.
 up 2% year over year.
 So large internet platform customers are
 b-
 in the U.S. continue to weigh heavily on the U.S. market growth rates.
 moving on to costs
 Cash gross margin was 77% consistent with few four levels
 and the same period.
 last year.
 gap gross margin, which includes both depreciation and stock-based
 compensation was 66%, down one point from Q4 levels and
 consistent with the same period last year.
 GAP operating expenses were $288 million in the quarter.
 These gap results include depreciation, amortization
 and tangible assets, stock-based compensation, acquisition-related charges, and other non-recurring
 items.
 Excluding these charges, non-gap cash operating expenses were $228 million, down seasonally
 from Q4 levels, but above our guidance range.
 driven by higher commissions and performance incentives,
 as well as increased recruiting-related spend associated with an uptick in hiring activity.
 adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was $241 million.
 down $6 million from Q4 levels due to seasonal revenue declines,
 and up $7 million from the same period last year.
 Our adjusted EBITDA margin came in at 39 percent.
 Down one point from Q4 levels, and down two points from Q1 last year, and within our guidance range.
 You have to appreciation and amortization expenses for $87 million in the first quarter.
 These GAP results include depreciation associated with stock-based compensation, amortization
 of intangible assets and amortization of capitalized interest
 expense. Excluding these charges, non-gap depreciation was $75 million, up slightly
 of Q4 levels and in line with our guidance.
 non-gap operating income for the first quarter
 was $165 million, down 9 million from Q4 levels from the seasonal revenue declines, and up
 $1 million from the same period last year.
 non-gap operating margin came in at 27%.
 down one point from Q4 levels and down two points from the same period last year and
 within our guidance range.
 Moving on to other income and expense items.
 interest income for the first quarter was $5 million, up slightly from Q4 levels.
 non-cash interest expense related to our convertible debt,
 was roughly $5 million.
 As a reminder, this non-cash expense is excluded from our non-GAP results.
 moving on to earnings
 Gap net income for the first quarter was $81 million,
 or 46 cents of earnings per diluted share.
 Non-gap net income was $120 million or $0.69 of earnings per due to the year and at the
 high end of our guidance driven by the strong revenue achievement.
 For the quarter, total taxes included in our gap earnings were $34 million, based on an
 an effective tax rate of 29%.
 Taxes included in our non-gap earnings were $49 million,
 based on an estimated, based on an effective tax rate of 29%.
 Finally, our weighted average diluted share account for the first quarter was 175 million
 Cheers.
 unchanged from Q4 levels and down 2 million shares from Q1 of last year.
 Now I'll reduce some balance sheet items.
 Day sales outstanding for the first quarter was 58 days up four days from Q4 levels and down two days from the same period last year
 Capital expenditures in Q1, excluding equity compensation and capitalized interest expense, were $94 million, and at the midpoint of our guidance.
 The cash flow generation continued to be solid with cash from operations of $143 million
 in the first quarter.
 Our balance sheet also remains very strong, with roughly $1.6 billion in cash, cash equivalents,
 and marketable securities on hand
 at the end of the quarter.
 If you're factoring out convertible debt,
 Our net cash is just under $900 million.
 During the quarter, we spent $72 million on sharey purchases.
 buying back roughly 1.1 million shares.
 And as we discussed in the past, we believe the strength of our balance sheet and cash
 position in an important competitive differentiator that
 that provide us with the financial flexibility
 to make key investments at opportune times,
 including the repurchase program.
 Over the past five years, we have lowered the company's share
 by over 7 million shares, or 4%, while also spending nearly $1 billion in strategic acquisitions.
 by deploying capital in areas that we believe are in the best long-term interests of the
 company, and our shareholders.
 In summary, we are pleased with how the business performed in Q1, and we remain confident in the long-term prospects of profitable growth for the company.
 Before we look ahead to Q2, I want to spend just a minute on our recent investor summit.
 For those of you that joined us in person or via the webcast, the themes we shared this
 year with the same as in prior years. There has been a level of consistency in what we've
 talked about every year, the favorable market trends, the uniqueness and
 the differentiation of the Akamai platform.
 the leadership position we maintain.
 in a very rapidly changing and evolving cloud ecosystem.
 and a tremendous amount of innovation we've seen across the business and new
 product adjacencies, as well as continued enhancements
 within our existing core offerings.
 innovation is alive and well across all the divisions,
 and we believe it will be a key enabler
 for accelerating growth back to double digits
 for the company.
 The fundamentals of our business remain strong.
 We're continuing to innovate rapidly.
 And while our investments in new adjacencies will pressure
 margins in the near term, we believe they will drive significant future top line and
 and bottom line growth.
 As I said at the investor summit,
 We are committed to balancing both top line and bottom line over the long term.
 And I certainly believe that if we continue to execute,
 we will remain a compelling investment proposition for investors.
 Looking ahead to the second quarter,
 we expect media growth rates to continue to moderate from Q1 levels,
 levels and within America's gaming vertical most notably. While it is also
 It's also possible that media growth rates
 moderate in the back half of 2017 as well, we remain bullish in the medium to long term
 growth prospects for this business, especially the potential for an increase in the amount
 amount of video traffic that could move online.
 in the anticipated moderation of media growth, we are expecting overall Q2 revenue in the
 in the range of $597 to $609 million.
 At the high end of this ring,
 year-over-year growth would be 8% in constant currency.
 consistent with Q1 levels, and up two points from Q2,
 in 2016 levels.
 at common spot rates, foreign exchange fluctuation,
 are expected to have a negative impact on revenue of $6 million compared to Q2 of last
 year and a positive impact of $3 million sequentially.
 At these revenue ranges, we expect gap-prose margins
 of 65% and cash growth margins of 76%.
 Q2 non-gap operating expenses are projected to be $235 to $241 million.
 roughly $10 million sequentially at the midpoint.
 This increase is driven partly by our continued investment
 and new product innovation, service delivery enablement,
 and platform scaling, and partly from absorbing
 recent SOAS to acquisition.
 Factoring in the cash gross margin and operating expense expectations I just provided, we anticipate
 even the margins of roughly 37 percent.
 And while we are not providing specific guidance,
 on Q2 during this call, we want to be transparent about our plans to continue to make investments
 in the business throughout 2017 in the areas outlined earlier.
 even while the media business experiences a near term moderation and revenue growth.
 We believe these are important investments that will enable us to drive accelerated,
 Sustainable, long-term, double-digit top and bottom line
 growth. We are confident we can manage the company within our 37% to 39% EBITDA model.
 model. But we may go through some quarters where EBITDA margins fall slightly below
 of these levels.
 possibly even in the second half of 2017.
 As I said in the past, our ability to maintain EBITDA margins within our
 range is heavily dependent on revenue volumes.
 possible M&A and needed investments in the business.
 Moving now to depreciation, we expect non-gap depreciation expense to be $77 to $79 million.
 Factoring in this depreciation guidance, we expect non-gap operating margin of 24% for Q2.
 and with the overall revenue and spend configuration I just outlined,
 We expect Q2 non-GAP EPS in the range of 59 to 61 cents.
 The ZPS guidance assumes taxes of $42 to $44 million, based on an estimated quarterly
 a non-gap tax rate of 29%.
 This guidance also reflects a fully diluted shear count
 of 174 million shares.
 On CapEx, we expect to spend $110 to $115 million, excluding equity compensation in the second quarter.
 This is an uptake from Q1 levels.
 primarily due to some plant facility and IT upgrades,
 as well as continued expansion of our secure delivery network and pro-electric scrubbing capacity.
 In summary, I am very excited about the opportunities that lie ahead for Akamai and our ability
 to execute on our plans for the long term.
 Thank you.
 And Tom and I would like to take your questions.
 Operator.
 Thank you, sir.
 Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, if you have a question.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for your question.
 the star followed by the one key on your touchstone file.
 If your question has been answered or you wish to remove yourself from Q, you can do so by pressing the power key.
 Thanks.
 You know, let me start with we are very bullish on the media business. So that has not changed nothing has changed about
 about what we believe are the growth prospects
 to the media business.
 You know, Ralph is our investor summit, that what we did see is that we did see traffic
 growth moderate, as I mentioned, in the America's region in particular, and very
 notably in our gaming vertical and it moderated throughout the quarter so it
 was relatively strong in January, and then it moderated in February, and then it moderated
 further in March. And that was really the driver of kind of, you know, I would say missing
 our internal expectations, but I'd say we have very, very
 optimistic about the media business long term and as we've said to you guys
 before. The nature of the media business is it does go through periods where
 traffic spikes, traffic softens at times, but you know over the long term we think
 This is a very good business and it will be a very good grow for the company.
 And then maybe one follow-up question.
 Yeah, well you have to be careful because the Americans also includes our media customers
 as well as our web customers.
 I think America's growth, if you exclude the larger today platform customers, was roughly
 Yeah, Jim, you know, your comment about performance and security continues to be a very strong
 growth of the company, you know, that 18% growth in Q1 last year
 consistently grew kind of in the high teens.
 So what you see here really is just a little softening in media growth kind of in our America's
 region in the area that we mentioned that, you know, again, this tends to be the nature
 of the media business.
 I think as we go through, we've gone through these spells before, where media surges and
 you start to see media accelerate.
 So, it's not uncommon to go through these periods,
 You know, but I believe we are very, you know, we're optimistic about the long-term growth potential.
 Not just for OTT, but also within gaming.
 that is gaining becomes more and more latency-sensitive
 And performance-sensitiveness, you see more and more things like AR and VR that, you know,
 I think that all of a sudden the differentiation for akamai becomes more and more apparent.
 We're bullish about the prospects for media.
 I think we're going to go through some near-term slowing in media, but, you know, optimistic
 what the long term.
 I'm not sure what else to tell you about the guidance, and we don't guide necessarily
 by product category that our media products were about 3%
 growth, kind of excluding the large internet platform
 customers, and our media division customer growth was about 10.
 So we expect that to further moderate for the areas that I
 mentioned which is in the Americas and notably within gaming. We do expect to
 to have continued strong growth in performance and security.
 Can you expect that good growth within services?
 So, I think what you're gonna see here in the guide is,
 You know, you kind of do it at the midpoint.
 at the midpoint you're gonna see a further moderation
 media growth rates, and that's really kind of what it's all about.
 Yeah, well, let me start and then I can have Tom can talk a little about the products that I think you're right
 that the growth rates and security were in kind of the high 40s and in the low 40s
 and now they're in the high 30s, you know, this is a business that is now an annualized
 run rate of $450 million.
 Five years ago, this was just an idea.
 So this business is growing very, very rapidly.
 And its growth rate on a percentage basis is lower because it's on a much, much bigger
 So we're very, very positive about the security business and our execution of the security business.
 security business and you got to remember this is all subscription model
 offering. So this is not a licensed model. This is literally a subscription model business
 that now is approaching a half a billion dollars.
 So Tom can talk a little bit about the product categories,
 but there's a lot of things that you can do to help you
 There's a lot going on there.
 Yes, it helps.
 There was really no revenue for any of those.
 Those are more technology tuck-ins.
 There's certainly some revenue that comes with SOSTA,
 As I mentioned, but the first three that you mentioned,
 really remove more technology capability acquisitions.
 Yeah, no, you're actually right about the international growth that the growth rates
 are very different in the European markets than the Asia-Pacific markets, and I mentioned
 in my kind of prepared remarks that we're seeing very, very strong growth in the Asia
 Pacific markets.
 We are not seeing nearly the same level of growth in the European markets, but we have
 pretty good growth rates also in Europe.
 They're not the same as in Asia Pacific,
 but my international growth rate's at 21%.
 heavily fueled by Asia-Pacific, but decent growth in EMEA.
 and that's probably not uncommon.
 We certainly have more opportunity in our Asia-Pacific markets where we're not nearly
 penetrating, you know, and you can take the OTC question.
 No, I think we always plan our CAFACs in alignment with where we believe traffic growth is going to be.
 going to be. I think as Tom said, traffic is still growing very rapidly. It's just not
 growing at as rapid a pace as we had projected. So, yes, we will dial capex and align with
 with our revised projections,
 but we need to continue to build out as traffic grows.
 And we don't have CapEx just for our media business.
 that, you know, while our media business is certainly the most capex-intensive that we
 We do build out capital, as I mentioned, with our rapidly growing security business, we're
 we're building out more attack capacity for prolexic.
 And so there is a level of investment
 that's going on in CapEx.
 Even though security is not a heavily capex-oriented business, it does have some capex.
 The other thing is, as we continue to make investments in R&D, we're going to capitalize
 more R&D, which is basically new product incubation.
 So, you know, there's a bunch of areas of capex that, you know, many of which will continue
 to grow.
 Now, our expectation is that we'll manage CapEx and align it with traffic and revenue projections.
 Yeah, I'll take those, then Tommy, if you have anything else to offer.
 So, uh, we're not guiding necessarily Michael for the back half.
 I did signal that because I think you know that even though I was a function of a lot of things,
 Revenue volume to be the most notable and as I mentioned that there are important investments that we believe we need to make that are in the
 best interests of the company and our shareholders long term, which are investments in some
 some of the enterprise areas, some of the security areas, some of the areas that we
 mentioned that are going to be very significant, we believe,
 top line and bottom line growers.
 So we don't want a curtail investment there.
 And so my caution for the back half was more that we're going to continue to make investments
 And should you continue to see a top line moderation in media,
 And again, we don't know whether that's gonna be the case.
 I think we're really talking about media in particular.
 I was just being cautious that, you know,
 If we do dip below 37, I wanted to make sure that people realize our intention is to manage
 the company to 37 to 39 percent each but there may be a quarter or two you go
 going through something lower than that.
 but we'll manage it back accordingly.
 And I forget what your second question was.
 We certainly have the expectation that we're going to return to double-digit growth in
 in 2018 and that's still where we believe we can be.
 You're right with the moderation in media that,
 I don't believe this moderation in media
 is gonna be a long-term phenomenon.
 So we may be going through a spell here
 for the next couple quarters where media growth softens,
 But as you know, we've been through these periods before,
 and then media grows roars again.
 So I think there's enough opportunity in media
 that we can get the media growing again
 and get the company back to double digits.
 potentially peer back on the incremental vestments
 the enterprise of the security sector.
 Yeah, I mean, I would say that, you know,
 We manage the company as a portfolio and we look at all the investments that we want to
 make in product areas and what we believe the kind of the return of an
 on investment is going to be for each one of them.
 them. And as Tom said in his prepared remarks that our performance, security and enterprise
 offerings now have 50% even with us, even with the investments that we've
 you've been making.
 You know the media business that goes through spells like this and what ends up happening is when the media business goes through a softening
 It does pressure near-term margins for the company, you know.
 I can remind you of a couple of years ago when the media business was growing significantly,
 You see margin expansion happen very, very rapidly.
 That's a bit of the nature of the media business.
 And so it wouldn't be wise for us to curtail investments
 in the business because of some short-term disruption
 and immediate growth rates.
 I don't think that would be in the best interest of.
 our shareholders of the company.
 No, I think it comes to the media business.
 It's a caress of across the board, you know, with the entities that you just, you know,
 talked about.
 and you know it's been that way for a long long time
 You know, in fact, one group you didn't mention that you would have
 three to five years ago is the carrier.
 The carriers were aggressively competing with us, you know, three to five years ago or in
 the past, and now they're mostly standardized on Akamai's capabilities.
 I think we'll continue to see competition from startups,
 from the traditional players and, you know,
 from the cloud providers and, you know, we fare well, you know,
 against the competition, especially in situations where
 quality matters.
 So the first question, you know, are we worried about the big broadcasters as they start their
 own services and grow and so forth, doing more themselves.
 I don't think so.
 I think it's going in the other direction, you know, generally speaking, you know, those
 folks are taking, doing less in-house,
 maybe than they did before.
 think they've recognized this is not their core area of expertise and doing
 more outsourcing going forward.
 So I don't see that's an issue.
 Obviously, you know, with these giant platform companies,
 Most of those guys spend billions of dollars a year in infrastructure and, you know, they're
 just at a different scale where, you know, it becomes possible for them to think about
 spending, you know, hundreds of millions more, you know, trying to do some, you know, content
 delivery.
 So, I don't see that being an issue, you know, in terms of OTT going forward.
 anything that's going in the other direction. With the carriers, you know, I think we're
 We're seeing actually the quality levels for video increase as opposed to a scenario
 you're describing where it would decrease and you know as there's you know
 competition there and their users, the end-viewers, demand the higher-quality
 quality video as you get, you know, better devices, you know, into the home, I think
 if the opposite happens, you get higher quality levels
 and we see the carriers already experimenting,
 You know, we're sort of super high quality, which means more traffic.
 So that's, I think it is more likely to go that way than to lower quality levels.
 You know, I think when you come to a renewal, you know, for the same product, there's they
 always
 want to lower price.
 On the other hand, maybe there's more traffic, which helps.
 The best part is we've got a lot of new products, you know, there's Image Manager, there's
 spot manager, there's the next generation of Ion focused on mobile, the next generation
 of Kona, again focused on mobile, so there's more to bring to bear in the account, which
 helps us, you know, hold price or grow revenue in the base.
 And so we are seeing revenue growth in the base of customers
 with our performance and security products, growth.
 You don't actually report a customer account, and we haven't done that for some time, so
 there's really not much to comment there.