 You
 Greetings. I am Peter Kwon, head of IR at KB Financial Group.
 We will now begin the 2021 Q1 earnings release presentation.
 I would like to express my gratitude to everyone for your participation.
 We have here with us at today's earnings release, KBFG SEVP Lee Hwan-Joo, who is our group CFO, as well as other executives from the group.
 We will first hear SCVP Lee Hwang's presentation on 2021 Q1 Major Business Highlights,
 and then we will engage in a Q&A session.
 I would like to invite our SAVP to deliver 2021 Q1 business results presentation.
 Thank you.
 Good afternoon. I am Yi Huan-Ju, CFO of KB Financial Group.
 Thank you for joining KBFG's Q1 2021 Earnings Release presentation.
 Also, even in the middle of an unprecedented crisis brought on by the COVID-19 pandemic,
 I extend my deep gratitude to shareholders for your undivided support and kind patience.
 Fortunately, during the first quarter, COVID-19 spread came under somewhat of a control and
 And there was vaccination rollout, which brought expectations for economic recovery.
 As such, Korean economy is displaying signs of improvement driven by exports and capex
 investment and as there were signs of uptrend in the market rate,
 more positivity was expressed for the sector
 and banking share prices outperformed the market first time in a long while.
 But when optimisms
 abound. We at
 KBFG feel that
 it is important to focus
 on the fundamentals
 and think of ways to enhance corporate value
 and undertake bold innovations,
 so as to respond to future changes.
 First, we have placed foremost priority on profitability and soundness, thereby focusing
 on improving fundamentals
 for sustainability.
 This quarter, driven by the bank's core deposit growth
 and sophisticated loan pricing,
 we were able to improve NIM
 5 basis point on quarter
 and the insurance business
 whose performance was relatively
 subdued last quarter
 managed to recover margin
 supported by loss ratio
 improvements. Also,
 on stronger competitiveness of core businesses,
 including
 trust
 WM
 and investment banking, we expanded net fees and commission income of the group.
 To overcome economic crisis triggered by the COVID pandemic,
 KB actively joined in on efforts towards soft landing of the financial system.
 We have also been quite rigorous in controlling the asset quality
 through systematic monitoring of problem-prone exposures
 and re-examination of the portfolio.
 Second, we issued 600 billion won of hybrid bond last February, securing additional capital
 buffer against
 internal and
 external uncertainties.
 on top of reinforcing flexibility of the capital structure
 to realize shareholder value that fall in line
 In line with our capital adequacy levels which is top tier in the industry,
 We are conducting in-depth reviews of the shareholder return policy as we speak.
 Lastly, to make the leap
 and become a number one financial platform,
 KB Financial Group
 is steadfast
 at implementing
 its strategic tasks.
 KBStore banking application now has around 17 million customer base and from a convenience
 perspective we are currently integrating groups core services thereby upgrading to an earnings
 generating and all-encompassing financial platform.
 For the credit card business, LiveMate, which is the MyData platform, and KBPay, an open
 payment platform form the basis for delivering product and services in connection with group
 affiliates and externally we have expanded part of partnerships with many
 other institutions and have bolstered our competitiveness as an open and
 comprehensive
 financial platform.
 KBFG will boldly respond to impending crisis and risks
 and will do our utmost to prepare against future changes
 to further upgrade group fundamentals and corporate value.
 Thank you.
 With that, I will now move on to Q1 2021 financial highlights.
 Katie
 WFG in Q1 2021 reported a net profit of $1,270,000,000,000,
 on, which is a historical quarterly performance since the company was launched, driven by
 our efforts to beef up
 competitiveness of group's core businesses and the result of business
 portfolio diversification from our M&A efforts.
 Also, quarterly figure reported a sizable increase of 74.1% on year,
 which is attributable to solid core profit growth
 led by net interest income and net fees and commission income
 while at the same time there was large improvement
 in other operating income which was impacted
 from sudden volatilities of the financial market in the first quarter of last year.
 As can be seen from the upper right graph, KBFG meaningfully expanded earnings-generating capacity
 across all segments over the past year.
 while securing incremental earnings from the capital market
 and the insurance businesses.
 We also have proven our unparalleled capability in Asset
 quality management, elevating the group's earnings profile
 in a stable and robust manner.
 Let's now take a look at each segment in more detail.
 Q1 net interest income was
 2,642,3 billion won
 driven by M&As, i.e. acquisition of potential life
 and solid
 loan growth
 of the
 Bank which led to 12.5% year-on-year increase while an improvement in NIMH there was an
 increase of 2.5% versus last quarter.
 Q1 net fees and commission income was 967.2 billion won.
 There was a sizable increase of around 297 billion won on year and 179 billion won on quarter,
 which was driven by significant increase in fee income from securities business
 on the back of the bullish stock market.
 Also, there was recovery of trust sales, boosting trust income for the bank, and the recovery
 of consumer spending, merchant fees from the credit card business
 also recorded an increase.
 Particularly in Q1,
 Bank's trust income,
 which was somewhat muted for some time
 on the back of regulations and
 worsening market conditions largely regained its level
 and by bolstering market competitiveness of the IB business
 For the first time on a quarterly basis, net fees and Commission income came in at around
 level which attests to a more improved earnings capacity
 earnings capacity in the non-interest income businesses.
 Next is on other operating profit for Q1 with the removal of securities and derivatives
 and FX-related losses of Q1 of 2020 and consolidation impact of prudential life,
 other operating profit was
 up 311.2 billion won
 on year.
 For the insurer's underwriting profit
 For non-life insurances, there was a decline in auto accident rate and, on premium hikes,
 Loss ratio improved mostly around auto insurance.
 And in terms of the life insurance, on base effect of year-end guarantee reserves
 and improved investment yield.
 there was performance improvement
 versus last quarter.
 Next is on the group's GNA expense.
 Q1 Group GNA was 1,722,800,000,000 won, which is up 18.1% year on year,
 seeming to have risen quite significantly.
 However, unlike Q1 of 2020, following the acquisition of Prudential Life, PROSAC, etc.,
 134 billion won was booked as related expenses
 Also, there was additional expense adjustments for employees' welfare fund and year-end special
 bonuses
 So if we were to exclude such factors, we can say that GNA is being well controlled.
 Next is on PCL.
 Q1 group PCL was 173.4 billion won.
 White Group's yearly loan asset growth of 37 trillion won,
 PCL was
 actually down
 70.3 billion won
 year over year.
 And thanks to our continuous efforts towards quality improvement
 improvement of the loan portfolio and pre-emptive risk management.
 we are keeping asset quality at a study level.
 Next, if you look at the bottom right graph,
 KBFG has been expanding its earnings capacity by driving
 up core competitiveness of each of its subsidiaries and as a result, non-banking businesses as
 of Q1 account for
 48.6% of the group's
 net income.
 As such,
 company's earnings profile has improved.
 For the banking business, in order to overcome difficult business environment in the domestic
 we sought out for inorganic growth opportunities
 opportunities in the growth global market, reinforcing our earnings capacity. For the
 The securities business, aside from brokerage services,
 we strengthen
 profitability
 across all
 of the
 businesses
 including wealth management, capital market, and investment banking, and welfare insurance
 By acquiring Prudential Life, we were able to increase its contribution to the performance of the group.
 on the next page
 I will walk through key financial metrics.
 2021 Q1 group ROA and ROE each posted 0.85% and 12.5% respectively.
 through interest income and fee income-centered core earnings growth
 and group-level revenue diversification.
 we are improving profitability and maintaining sound earnings fundamentals.
 rate on banks' loans-in-won growth. As of March
 and 2021, banks' loans-in-won
 posted 297 trillion won and grew
 0.4% YTD.
 Amidst this situation, household loans posted 163 trillion won.
 Centering on 전세 loans and prime unsecured loans, household loans grew 0.6% YTD.
 Considering the overall household debt level and loan portfolio mix,
 we are partially
 controlling the speed of growth
 compared to the previous year.
 Corporate loans grew
 0.1% YTD, a marginal increase, but it was because in the case of corporate loans,
 Due to the revitalization of corporate loan-issuing market, there was overall loan demand decrease, and in March,
 temporarily, there was a
 great
 increase
 of
 repayments leading to
 a around 1 trillion won decrease
 YTD. In the case
 of SME loans centering on
 Soho loans, it increased
 1% YTD and is stably growing.
 Next is the Net Interest Margin.
 In 2021, Q1 Group and Bank NIM posted 1.82% and 1.56% respectively, and following the previous Q4,
 a growth momentum is continuing
 And since it has already increased by a 5 to 6 BP level compared to the previous year's annual NIM,
 This year's solid interest income growth momentum has gained more visibility.
 Going into detail, in the case of the bank NIM, core deposits increased by around 6 trillion won in this quarter,
 and with the proportion of low-cost deposits
 among the total deposits continuously increasing,
 alleviating the overall funding cost burden,
 Bank name increased by 5 BPQOQ.
 In the case of the group NIM, reflecting card asset yield improvement, centering on installment financing, coupled with bank NIM improvement, group NIM increase by 7BP QOQ.
 Let's go to the next page.
 First, I would like to cover
 the group's cost-income ratio, the CIR.
 The group CIR, based on 2021 Q1, posted 47.3%, and efforts to increase core earnings and control costs is gaining visibility.
 On a recurring basis, excluding one-offs, including digitalization costs,
 costs, it posted 46.1%, and even on a recurring CIR basis, it is showing a lower stabilization
 trend which is gradual
 For your reference, taking into consideration the cost adjustment effect from employee welfare fund reserved in this quarter and year-end bonus expenses accrual, the cost efficiency improvement trend is gaining more visibility.
 and on the back of sound top-line expansion
 and group-wide cost-control efforts,
 cost efficiency is expected to additionally improve.
 Next is the credit cost.
 2021
 Q1 group and bank credit cost as a result of our continued prudent lending policy and
 Credit Quality Management
 posted 0.20%
 and 0.08% respectively
 and is being maintained stably at a low level,
 proving KBFG's advanced risk management efforts.
 We are taking into account the situation where COVID-19 related uncertainty is being continued
 and we are going to maintain
 preemptive and conservative asset quality management for the time being.
 Next is the group's capital ratio.
 The CET1 ratio posted 16% and the CET1 ratio posted 13.75% respectively and grew by 0.72 percentage points and 0.45 percentage points respectively QOQ.
 Based on our solid earnings fundamentals centering on CT1, we are maintaining the highest level of capital strength in the industry and we are also improving our capital structure's flexibility through strategic capital management, including issuing hybrid bonds.
 Let's go to the next page.
 from this page
 I will cover KBFG's non-face-to-face or digital channel competitiveness
 With the development of IT technology, platform models are evolving and service expediency and efficiency is rapidly improving.
 The population structure is changing with the increase of one-person households and the rise of the MZ generation,
 leading to a rapid increase of consumers preferring digital channels
 With the expansion of COVID-19, transitioning to the untaxed generation is accelerating
 and the center of weight of financial transaction channels
 is rapidly moving from face-to-face channels
 to digital or non-face-to-face channels.
 KBFG, which has been preemptively responding to these changes,
 as of late last year has secured
 more than 10 million
 digital customers, which is around 44% of the group's total
 active customers.
 In addition, in the case of banks KB Star Banking,
 which is our group's representative digital platform,
 We have secured around 8 million monthly active users,
 MAU, as of now, and is maintaining the industry's leading position
 As a result of customer-centered UI-UX reorganization and diverse product offerings,
 customer convenience has improved in an innovative way, leading to rapidly growing MAU each year.
 Looking at the financial transactions through the group's digital channels,
 In the case of major investment products, including time deposits and fund,
 around 50% of new accounts are being transacted
 Transacted through digital channels such as intranet and mobile banking.
 In the case of loan products, in the past, there was a smaller proportion of digital channel transactions relatively, but as a result of online product lineup alignment and focus on process simplification, it is growing at a fast speed.
 In particular, in the case of unsecured loans in 2017,
 the size of digital channel new loans was only 400 billion won per annum,
 but last year it grew to around 3 trillion won level and is rapidly expanding.
 In addition, I would like to elaborate on some of the major efforts we are making
 to bolster our group's non-face-to-face or digital channel competitiveness.
 in January of this year
 among our subsidiaries
 Bank and card subsidiaries acquired MyDataBusiness license,
 and we are doing our best to prepare for service launch in August.
 the bank subsidiary
 through KB Star Banking
 with the goal of establishing
 the group's integrated comprehensive financial platform
 is advancing
 seamless wealth management
 services through converging wealth
 management know-how and specialized data connection technology.
 CARD subsidiary plans to offer optimized, customized financial product solution by utilizing LiveMate 3.0,
 which connects
 information from around 130 financial institutions
 as an externally open, comprehensive financial platform.
 In addition, KB Mobile Certificate, which received attention from the market
 by being the industry's first private digital certificate
 as a local financial group
 and the only public sector digital signature pilot provider
 among financial companies as a result of securing
 definite competitive edge in customer convenience
 and security in just one year and eight months after launching has surpassed 7.3 million
 registered users.
 We expect the competitiveness of these mobile certificates to contribute to expanding the group's customer touch points and customers' convenience.
 In addition, CARD has launched KBPay, which has strengthened competitiveness compared to other existing app CARDs to expediently respond to the rapidly changing settlement market.
 Insurance, KB Insurance, based on customers' health information, plans to offer ultra-customized
 comprehensive digital healthcare service
 and we plan to secure
 a newly elevated level of competitiveness.
 Last but not least, KBFG plans to not only bolster digital channel competitiveness, but also for wealth management, loan consulting, and other areas where face-to-face channels' importance is high.
 we plan to offer services that are elevated through centering on a more specialized consulting and differentiated products.
 through seamless connection between digital channels and face-to-face channels,
 leading to maximizing customer convenience and satisfaction.
 we will work hard to grow as the solid leading financial group,
 even amidst the future financial industry's paradigm change.
 From the next page, there are detailed pages regarding the earnings that I have covered so far.
 With this, I will conclude KBFG's Q1 2021 business results presentation.
 Thank you for listening.
 We will now begin the Q&A.
 for those of you joining via the internet
 Please refer to the contact info on the last page of the presentation.
 For those of you using the phone, press star and one to submit your questions.
 Please bear with us as we wait for questions to come in.
 Just for your information, there is about a slight time lag between the Internet and the phone bridge,
 so please bear with us
 one more moment
 Yes, we will take the first question from Samsung Securities, Mr. Kim Jae-oh.
 please go ahead
 Good afternoon.
 I am Kim Jae-ho from Samsung Securities.
 I would like to ask you three questions.
 First question relates to dividend.
 there's high level
 of expectation
 and people are looking forward towards quarterly dividend.
 I understand that KB is willing to pay out on a quality basis.
 Do you have plans to do so?
 And also, when we talk of quarterly dividend, I feel that in terms of interim dividend payout,
 may be most optimal.
 so what's the possibility of
 that and also
 Secondly, according to press articles,
 I think the major banks are also talking about Internet-based banks.
 what is your policy or stance vis-à-vis the online banking,
 for instance
 cacao
 and other
 And since you also have certain shareholding at Kakao,
 would like to understand what your position
 is with respect to the online
 dedicated banks.
 and also my last question is
 that your performance
 this quarter was quite good
 had there been any
 one-off items
 thank you for the questions
 would like to respond
 to the questions, just give us one moment.
 moment.
 Thank you, Mr. Kim, for those questions.
 You asked about quarterly dividend payout.
 at this point in time
 we are looking into and reviewing different options
 When it comes to dividend payout and shareholder return,
 I understand that the market has quite a bit of interest,
 And as I've mentioned during the IR session at the year-end of last year,
 If I may just once again summarize what our position is, is as follows.
 In terms of payout ratio, as you know, we have adopted a progressive dividend payout policy.
 This is something that we have been quite steadfast at.
 Basically, from mid- to long-term perspective,
 have increased the payout ratio to around 30%.
 Second point is that in the second half of this year,
 we expect uncertainties around
 COVID-19 pandemics to alleviate
 and also the capital ratios and our earning stability
 and the quality of our assets
 and asset quality and soundness of our assets
 in light of all of these elements
 elements, we
 are going to do
 utmost to
 actually
 regain
 and recover to the previous payout level.
 and also
 we will balance and consider
 are different aspects
 such as a need
 to retain earnings for M&A purposes
 and also interim payouts as well as share buybacks
 and other shareholder return
 enhancement options
 are being at this point
 in time deliberated by
 the company
 of the
 Korean financial institutions when it comes to shareholder return
 and dividend payout.
 We've been quite preemptive.
 If you look back at our track record, you will be able to see that.
 and we've been quite aggressive and progressive
 and lastly
 together with the supervising
 authority. We will also engage
 in very close communication
 with respect to this item.
 The second question
 will be responded by our CSO
 and the third question
 on any of the one-offs
 on the expense side, the welfare
 fund
 Basically, Q1 or Q2 of last year, there was some reserve,
 So there's not been anything that's quite significant.
 and also
 So we haven't really made any, I guess,
 Yes, I am Ali Chang-won, the CESO.
 as you have mentioned Mr. Kim
 When it comes to the internet dedicated, the online bank and launching of that business,
 there's a lot of
 interest and
 currently the
 association of banks
 Kirtney is talking to
 the FSC and is in discussions as to allowing financial holding companies
 to gain an internet online bank license.
 If there are any changes in the direction of the regulation by the FSC,
 we will of course be in line with
 those directions and review the potential
 possibility. I think it would not
 be appropriate for me to specify any specific business model per se today at this point
 in time.
 We will move on to the next question.
 Mr. Kim Jin-sung from Hyundai Motor Securities.
 Please ask your question.
 Greetings.
 Congratulations and thank you for your earnings.
 as the CFO
 mentioned your
 Our Q2 NIM has surpassed the level of the previous year,
 and it's quite outstanding.
 and can you give us
 an out
 breakdown of the NIMH?
 I know that the commercial interest rate has gone up
 And I know that your low-cost deposits has come in,
 so if you can give us a breakdown
 it will be very helpful and including the next quarter if you can give us an
 If you have an estimate of your forecast of quarterly trend,
 My second question is about your group's digital or non-face-to-face channel plans.
 I know that you have
 a platform and you have many
 advantages
 and I am sure that you will be quite profitable
 but can you tell us about what is your forecast for earnings?
 If you have any simulated numbers, it will be very helpful.
 and we see banks going online
 and there is
 the internet
 and the existing
 sales channels that are
 becoming divided
 and I believe that the banks
 need to make the existing channels more efficient.
 so can you tell us what you're doing
 in that direction. Thank you very much for your questions.
 We will soon answer them.
 them.
 Thank you very much, Mr. Kim Jinsang, for your questions.
 regarding the NIM question that you first posed.
 as you just aforementioned
 compared to the previous
 quarter, largely
 there will be the volume effect
 and rate effect related to profitability and the low-cost deposits
 or portfolio change impact that has added to this improvement.
 Regarding the concrete numbers, I don't have them with me now,
 but I'm sure that our team can get back to you about the details.
 Regarding the NIMH,
 Talking about the forecast,
 looking at what the market
 has said
 until Q2. There are estimations that
 The name will go up, but there will be a floor later.
 So I think that is the main gist of what people are mentioning now.
 but regarding our annual earnings presentation,
 I mentioned that on an annual level
 we will safeguard the NIM
 at about 1.51%,
 and as you have seen
 in our presentation materials
 the interest environment and the funding costs have been rapidly changing
 and we are seeing
 the NIM that has actually improved
 by a large scale.
 We had 5 BP improvement in this quarter as well.
 And looking roughly at the reasons first, we had efforts to increase low-cost deposits
 and core deposits had increased by 6 trillion won
 and it led to our funding cost burden going down
 and relatively speaking
 for the time deposits,
 you can see that there was a portfolio effect because it contracted
 and regarding the
 roll over of our deposits.
 you can see that there was an impact as well
 so overall we had
 an alleviation of the funding
 burden which led to this
 positive trend.
 we put the prudency first
 and we said
 we want loan growth
 based on conservative
 trend. So we believe that
 also added to the NIM
 improvement. And in Q1
 regarding low-cost deposits, we had
 the increase and we had
 the time deposits that went down
 so it led to funding
 cost decrease, so
 we believe that on average
 balance effect, this trend
 will continue
 in going
 forward
 and
 we plan
 to have a prudent loan policy
 going forward.
 and we believe that in the 1.5% level for the bank name,
 we believe that will be
 what we're forecasting
 and
 in when the
 animal.
 We had a 1BP NIM improvement in the previous quarter,
 So we believe that we will be doing very detailed management so that we can have the best NIM level going forward.
 Your second question was about the platform and what type of benefits that we are looking at and looking for.
 The market environment, as was mentioned in my presentation,
 is veering toward a
 untapped economy
 so we believe that it goes without saying
 that we need to bolster the digital channels
 or non-face-to-face channels
 and
 Regarding the indexes for digitalization and indicators,
 we are actually creating them and we are assessing them as we speak.
 So, internally, we are currently organizing them and aligning them
 them so that we
 can actually talk in more
 detail about it at future IRs if
 possible. Thirdly, you mentioned about
 the digital channels. You mentioned about the
 not face-to-face
 channels and although we
 have more percentage of the
 non-feast-to-feast channels
 but
 or offline channels
 There are many things that we need to do.
 So, uh, P.D.
 And for the offline channels and online channels,
 we need hybrid seamless connection for the customers,
 and we need to satisfy the customer
 so this can be well and seamlessly connected.
 so we need to work in that direction
 and we need to have up-skill and re-skill of our employees
 so that they can gain more professionalism
 in this area. So we are
 working toward that as well.
 Next, in 2014,
 looking at our channel numbers
 and its breakdown for the channels
 and the employees, we have
 seen a contraction of about 20%
 for both of them
 so it means that we are becoming
 more lean
 and we are
 becoming more
 muscular so that we are gaining more efficiency
 and we plan to work toward that end as well.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for your answer.
 We will take the next question.
 question. From Cape
 investment, Kim Do-ha.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Thank you.
 I am Kim Doha from Cape Investment.
 I have two questions
 First is on your fee
 income, line item.
 compared to my forecast
 actually
 there was a
 quite big surprise
 if you look at last year
 I have been looking at the banking related fees
 but because of difficult circumstances on the trust as well as sales through the bank branches,
 there's been
 decline
 but if you look at other banks
 which,
 did earnings
 yesterday
 as well as KB, if you look at trust on the QOQ basis,
 basis there's a 60% increase
 so you've really regained your previous level
 so out of the front end
 How do your people actually assess this in terms of trust fees
 as well as sales-related commissions
 Do they feel that this trend can continue in Q2 and Q3 as well?
 So that's my first question.
 Second question, if you look at the bank
 and if you look at the credit
 cost, I think it's only
 basis point. So compared
 to the past, there must
 have been some reversals right back.
 So in terms of the reserve that you booked last year to respond to COVID,
 when do you think it's going to be
 the cycle or the timeline
 for us to see a significant
 right back from those reserves.
 thank you
 Just give us one moment to answer that question.
 question.
 Thank you, Ms. Kim Doha, for your question.
 you asked two questions
 First, for the commission income, you've mentioned trust income.
 So let me just provide some overall explanation on the fee and commission side.
 as I said before
 the first aspect is
 at the group level, if you look at the stock market
 and the bullish stock market.
 we've seen brokerage fee income increase quite significantly.
 And if you look at the IB business, basically we've seen our market competitiveness strengthen
 and also out of the trust business because of some of the regulatory impact
 as well as despite
 Despite the fact that we're still in the middle of the pandemic,
 been some recovery in the spending of the consumers, and the merchant fees have gone
 So overall, we have seen fee and commission income actually improve across the board.
 Now, but is this sustainable?
 that is a question
 that you have
 asked
 and also is an aspect that we are looking into
 In our view, our customers for the WM and also strengthening related assets, that will be our priority.
 and also if you look at DCM
 and ECM and M&A,
 So corporate advisory businesses, we want to be able to expand
 our sales-related capabilities
 and if we could really leverage our sales capabilities,
 I believe that we can bring about a double-digit growth on an annual basis.
 So that would be the answer to the first question that you asked.
 Second question regarding COVID.
 Yes, we have preemptively made some reserves
 and you asked about any reversals of those reserves.
 At this point in time, if you look at this year, we're still in the middle of the pandemic
 and some are also talking about a possibility of the fourth wave of pandemic coming
 and government support, financial
 support is still ongoing
 so in light of all these circumstances
 I think it would be too premature to talk
 about a reversal of the reserves.
 only when
 the whole
 circumstances
 are normalized, maybe then
 we may have a possibility
 to think about a right back.
 I say that with caution.
 Thank you
 We will take the next question from DB Securities.
 Lee Byung-kun, you're on the line, sir.
 Hello?
 Thank you for your good earnings results.
 I have two questions.
 First, compared to your long growth plans at the early part of this year,
 well I think there was a difference
 and thinking about the corporate loans
 that was lesser
 Even still, I think it is a bit low.
 So can you tell us about your growth after Q2?
 So I think your plan was 5%, but can you tell us your forecast?
 Do you think it will be met in Q2, Q3 going forward or not?
 my second question is
 about trust which has
 gone up which is quite
 encouraging, but there has been
 reinforcement of customer protection laws
 So at the tellers or the windows, it might be more difficult in the trust area.
 So in late March and in April, can you tell us about the atmosphere at your banks physically?
 so do you think it will have a negative impact
 the strengthening of the law
 Thank you.
 Thank you for your questions.
 so we will soon answer them.
 Please hold.
 Thank you very much,
 Mr. Lee Byung-kun for your insightful
 questions regarding loan growth.
 I would like to talk about
 what we believe will happen after Q1, our forecast,
 than regarding the Consumer Protection Act,
 our CFO
 will answer your question.
 as
 was aforementioned in Q1,
 banks' loans in one
 was
 a bit
 low at 0.4%
 regarding the household loans
 and corporate loan status
 for this year. In the case of
 household loans,
 there was
 0.6% growth YTD,
 which was 1 trillion won of growth
 And at our annual earnings release for the whole year,
 I mentioned
 mid-single-digit loan growth
 goal for this year and
 compared to that goal,
 Q1 growth was
 somewhat
 relatively
 low
 and for
 the 전세 loans and for more,
 Because of the mortgage loan regulations, there were the demand for
 which went down
 so
 4.3% growth
 YTD, so there was
 steadfast growth and
 there was
 1.7% growth for
 unsecured loans as well for
 household loans, but for
 the mortgage loans, there
 has been the regulations that
 were quite influential.
 so we had about
 1% decrease compared
 to the previous year
 end and there was
 1.7% contraction for collective loans as well.
 So we had a downturn for household loans as a whole.
 There have been policies to cut down or curb household loans,
 and we believe that
 for the
 Jonsei loans
 and for
 the high
 quality
 unsecured
 loans,
 we believe that there is still very strong
 demand and for
 our
 this year's goal,
 mid-single-digit growth,
 we believe that it will be quite achievable
 and it will not be challenging
 and I talked about the non-face-to-face or digital phase improvement
 and we will improve our digital capabilities
 so that we will solidify our market position
 and for
 jonsai loans
 and for
 the prime
 unsecure loans
 we are going to have
 appropriate growth
 that are quite profitable.
 in the case of the corporate loans
 there was 0.1% increase
 YTD, and related
 to this
 for the
 SOHO and
 SME loans
 because of those that had large exposure
 to COVID-19, we had
 improvement in preemptive
 exposure and compared to
 other
 financial institutions.
 we had some repayments
 so that is why
 YTD speaking, 1.2%
 grow for Soho loans
 and we had about
 0.2% for SMEs
 and for the large
 corporates
 of the corporate loan situation
 we had a decrease
 YTD as well.
 and we had more repayments
 in March so this
 also had an impact as well
 But for the SOHOs and SMEs, the loan demand is quite solid each year.
 and in Q2
 in April
 it seems that the numbers are quite
 different from the Q1
 numbers, so
 if we
 actually respond very
 flexibly and with resilience.
 we believe that we can have better performance.
 So the mid-single-digit goal that we have mentioned to you
 early this year
 is quite achievable
 and I have been mentioning this
 repeatedly and for
 KB, we
 believe prudence
 and the
 conservative
 asset quality is of
 utmost importance so that will be
 our steadfast
 the direction going forward.
 word.
 Thank you very much
 Lee Byung-gun
 and I am Jong-un-chol, the bank's CFO.
 in March
 we had the Customer Protection Act that came into effect
 and it takes about 30 to 40 minutes to explain
 at the teller window, so there was some confusion
 and customers and employees
 had a hard time adjusting in the beginning.
 that is why in the beginning
 we had lower numbers
 But in April, we are seeing that with mutual understanding improvement,
 the numbers are improving.
 So we believe that due to Customer Protection Act,
 we will not have a negative impact on our performance.
 and the government
 has given us
 a six-month
 grace period
 and the government said that they
 will receive opinions from
 the banks
 so that they can make this process more reasonable for everyone.
 So if that happens, we are sure that Customer Protection Act
 will not have a negative impact
 on our performance compared to other banks.
 for
 The last year and the year before that, we had less problems involving PF loans,
 so we believe that we are
 seeing more fee income and for ELS as well.
 you can see
 that we had almost 100%
 early redemption leading to new
 demand. So taking that
 into consideration
 the trust
 related fees
 for this year
 we believe that it will not worsen compared to Q1 of this year.
 here.
 Thank you very much.
 It is already 4.50, and because we don't have enough time,
 we will take one last question
 and please contact our IR team and we will answer your questions.
 Thank you.
 From J.P. Morgan, George Yun, please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 I would like to ask three questions.
 First question is, because of COVID-19, things were quite difficult,
 But if you look at credit card fee, because of the government-provided support and benefit,
 I was expecting that the number would be quite good.
 if you look at credit card profit
 basically
 is actually
 higher than
 my forecast
 Basically,
 because the government
 has paid out the so-called
 disasters subsidies via
 the credit card, would that
 be a one-off impact that
 had an upward impact.
 You mentioned that CIR 0.4% was driven by digitalization
 since you're doing ERP and you're doing digitalization,
 digitalization, digital transformation,
 it doesn't seem that the CIR
 our improvement is all that significant.
 so the
 investment that you're making into digital transformation or
 in terms of the size and sustainability of this investment,
 how valid is that?
 How valid is that?
 So what's your budget plan,
 and when can we see a more meaningful improvement
 in your CIR ratio?
 My last question is, most recently
 at National Assembly,
 They've adopted a modification on providing support to the
 vulnerable class
 and basically
 they have requested
 about 100 billion won
 of funding from the banking sector to provide financial support to a low income class.
 and it seems that the
 government may come up with additional
 requests or measures to
 engage the banking sector
 more. So in terms
 of setting up the budget
 or being needing to provide such financial support,
 What are your plans or measures to do so?
 Thank you.
 Just give us one minute.
 minute.
 Thank you for the question.
 You asked three questions. Responding to your question on CIR, let me respond to that.
 And we have CFO from KB, Card, who will respond to that.
 And also we have the bank CFO will respond to the third question.
 Now, overall, on a recurring basis, if you look at the trend of CIR, it is showing a downward
 trend.
 Now, in terms of the biggest factor, year-end,
 if you were to include the ERP expense,
 We consider that ERP expands as an investment for the future.
 and we
 believe that within five
 years' time, we will be able to recoup that investment.
 and in terms of digitalization
 and I've mentioned in my presentation
 if you were to exclude digitalization,
 but basically digitalization is an inevitable investment for us to respond to future changes.
 if we miss out
 in the opportunities
 then there would be bigger negative impact
 Hence, there needs to be a preemptive investment into digitalization and we will be bold at it.
 However, we will be mindful of efficient investment.
 We want to rid ourselves of any redundant investment.
 we will have internal process to allow for that
 from a mid to long term perspective
 The CIR ratio, we believe is we are going to have a target
 that is downward stabilizing and controlling that level at a steady state.
 Thank you for the question.
 I'm from KB
 card
 I am the CFO.
 you mentioned credit card
 fee income on an year-over-year
 basis, there's been a significant
 increase and
 whether there is any one-off, non-recurring impact.
 and also the government provided COVID-19 related allowances
 and whether that had an impact.
 Now, just to tackle those issues one by one,
 Overall, the government allowances that were given last year,
 there was one that was done by the Gyeonggi province
 and the amount
 that was given out
 as an allowance
 was around
 100,000 Korean won
 Of all of the credit card companies, our market share in terms of sending out or doling out
 was about 22%.
 so there's been just maybe a slight
 upward increase
 and one of the reasons
 why the credit card fee income had gone up
 is because compared to the previous year,
 basically the total payment volume
 had gone up significantly
 Basically, the 2.4 trillion increase in payment volume
 and as a result, we've seen significant increase in terms of merchant fee income.
 Aside from this, you also asked about any other one-off items.
 But these are not one-off.
 We expect that this is going to be a recurring item going forward.
 if you look at end of last year
 and if you were to compare
 with Q1 of 2020,
 basically
 if you look at the reserves for credit loss,
 There has been a significant decline compared to Q1 of last year.
 Last year, we did about $59 billion of additional reserving,
 and we've been quite conservative in our
 reserving policies
 so 37.2 billion
 there's been a decline
 and also for substandard
 ratio as well as delinquencies for second and third cycle.
 All of these soundness-related indicators are showing an unprecedented level.
 after Q2 if you look at Q3 figures as well in our view if we make the
 Comparison in Q1, there is no big of a one-off.
 It's just that our asset quality and soundness is at a quite positive level.
 I am the CFO of the Bank. I am Cheung Mun-chul. Thank you for your question.
 Now, the government
 have tabled
 or had adopted a legislation
 on providing financial support
 to the low-income class
 and the press article has said that the banking sector will bear
 hundred billion Korean won and KB is expected to probably bear about 20% of that so these were
 featured in the
 press
 but since we are still
 in the process of
 improving our
 profitability and we are
 generating good earnings so
 it's not a significant burden
 to our institution
 and as a member of this society
 As we live in this very difficult period during the COVID pandemic,
 we feel that we are a
 responsible entity and a member of the society.
 We do a lot of social corporate responsibility activities
 and we also provide
 donations as well. So we will
 consider all of these different elements thoroughly
 and come up with the appropriate budget.
 and going forward, if there
 or more demand for our bank,
 We will also, going forward, think hard as to how we could respond to those expectations.
 Thank you.
 And if you have further questions, please contact our IR team
 IR team and we would be more than happy
 to answer them.
 With this,
 we will conclude
 our earnings presentation.
 Thank you for your participation.
 in.