 Good morning and welcome to the third quarter 2020 Pilgrim's Pride Earnings Conference
 call and webcast.
 All participants will be in listen-only mode.
 Do you need assistance?
 please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star keyfoil by zero.
 At the company's request, this call is being recorded.
 Please note that the slides we saw during today's call are available for download from
 the Investor Relations section of the company's website at www.fieldgreens.com.
 After today's presentation, there will be the opportunity to ask questions.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Donna Muinoto,
 how to invest relations for peer-to-peer pride.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Good morning, and thank you for joining us today,
 Yes, we are operating in financial results for the third quarter end of September 27, 2020.
 Yesterday afternoon, we issued a press release providing an overview of our financial performance
 for the quarter, including a reconciliation of any non-gap measures we may discuss.
 The copy of the release is available in the Investor Relations section of our website,
 along with the slides we will reference during this call.
 These items have also been followed as a case and are available online at www.scc.gov.
 We're sending to you today our Fabio Sondri, President and Chief Executive Officer and
 to your provincial officer.
 You're welcome, is there?
 Edit.
 commodity risk management.
 Before we begin, I'll prepare remarks.
 I'd like to remind everyone of our safe harbor disclaimer.
 Raise call.
 We can date certain forward-looking statements.
 That's right, this is that.
 All right.
 Look and confirm.
 expectations.
 That's what the
 the day of this release.
 Other additional factors, some anticipated by management,
 the cost-actual results that differ materially from those projected in these four looking statements.
 Very information concerning those factors has been provided in today's press release
 NK in a regular filings with the SEC.
 I'd now like to turn the call over to Fabio Sundry.
 Thank you, Dana. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today.
 For the third quarter of 2020, we reported net revenues of $3.08 billion and adjusted EBITDA
 of 305 million dollars, 9.9% margin,
 18% higher than an year ago, and adjusted GAMP EPS of 66 cents.
 I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our global team for their continuing commitment,
 dedication and hard work in supporting your ability to keep our team members safe and
 health is.
 I mean to
 our ability to produce and supply customers during this challenging time.
 I could not be more proud of our team of they have continued to come together to support
 one another, our customers, and consumers.
 This is a conditional appearance and our team members responded admirably to the unprecedented
 conditions.
 products to our customers.
 Continuously adapting our global operations to the change in channel demand while adjusting
 our operations to be able to maintain the operations at all our plants and minimize any significant
 disruption due to labor and health issues.
 who remain diligent in implementing precautionary, proactive steps to better safeguard the wellness
 and help of each team member, by fulfilling our facial duty
 as a food producer to consumers in every region where we operate.
 We incurred direct COVID-19 mitigation costs of roughly 27 million for the quarter and close
 to 77 million years to date.
 The direct costs are related to the extra cleaning of our production and common areas.
 The extra PPME, including next and phase shoes
 that we are providing to all of our team members.
 and installation of physical barriers in our production areas.
 also installed new technology UV and bipolar ionization in every plant to
 future of the air and neutralize potential viruses.
 We're offering free light health online services that allow for virtual doctor visits and no
 costs.
 And
 above all CDC guidelines.
 we remove vulnerable team members from facilities with full pay and benefits during community
 This figure includes indirect costs.
 There are a lot of indirect costs that are more difficult to precisely quantify, such as overall disruptions to our operations, less optimal mix, and production and efficiencies that are not included in these numbers.
 Also, we are supporting our communities with our home strong initiative.
 It is an example of how we value the important role we play in the communities where our
 team members leave and work.
 We understand the responsibility that comes with being a major employer in rural communities.
 And it worked hard to contribute to the well-being of those communities by not only providing
 gain from a point of opportunities.
 but also participate in volunteers,
 donation, and sponsorship opportunities.
 This quarter, we accrued $50 million in SG&A for this initiative.
 Tell it to the specifics of our business.
 despite continuing volatility and challenging market
 environment in Q3 and added operating costs.
 We have continued to generate a superior relative performance to the competition and have remained
 resilience to market fluctuations.
 This is a reflection of our portfolio approach, including the strategy on well-diversified
 products.
 This is a reflection of our portfolio approach, including the strategy on well-diversified
 geographical footprints, and then let's focus on key customers. For the full quarter operating
 in performance, both in the US and Mexico, significantly improved sequentially.
 and Europe also continue to increase despite the challenges due to COVID-19.
 In Q3 we saw market conditions continue to recover across all of our global operations.
 with the U.S. in particularly Mexico experiencing the struggle
 rebound in performance, relative to weak conditions during the first half of the year.
 We are pleased with the results, especially when taking into account all the disruptions,
 less than optimal product mix, and added operating cost when compared to the environment in 2019.
 Despite continued challenges in global market conditions due to COVID-19, our consolidated
 the results have also remained well balanced.
 the result of our vision to become the best and most respected company, creating the opportunity
 for a better future for our team members.
 To support our vision, we are continuing to implement our strategy of developing a unique
 portfolio of diverse, complementary business models.
 Continue to relentlessly pursue operational excellence,
 becoming a more valid partner with key customers
 and creating an informed environment for safe people,
 safe products and healthy attitudes.
 Plough market conditions in all our global operations are continuing to improve during
 the quarter, food service demand globally still has not reached prior levels.
 And the environments are still quite challenging in some sectors where we operate.
 Disruptions from COVID-19 have continued to present a significant challenge on each individual country's demand for protein consumption, as well as for the flow of global trade, and generate volatility far beyond normal seasonal factors.
 We will maintain our strategy while continuing to improve the portfolio to better respond
 to individual market dynamics and generate a relative increase
 in performance overall teams.
 We believe this approach will give us higher and more consistent results for the mid to
 to long run, and minimize the full peaks and troughs
 of the commodity sectors.
 You need to take part in the U.S.
 we are continuing to see the man's recovery
 at our first operations, including
 from some sectors within food service.
 with more space, gradually losing travel
 and movement restrictions.
 QSL volume has been especially strong.
 and demand from our customers has been outperforming the industry.
 Similar to last quarter, commodity-large bird reborning was also again the most
 challenge during Q3.
 Occasionally, however, we continue to improve our relative performance versus the industry across all business units.
 We are continuing to adapt to the shipping channel demand by increasing our volume mix to key customer retailers.
 In addition, a large portion of our food service customers are also within the QSR segment,
 which has further dampened the impact across our fresh business unit models.
 Our portfolio of differentiated products, along with our key customer model,
 are giving us better insulation against the volatility.
 We're also in much better position to adjust product and channel mix,
 giving our presence across all bird sizes from small to large.
 within those small birds and case-ready segments.
 Market supply demand was again very well balanced during Q3 demand from retailers especially from our key customers was strong
 support and improve the performance of our case-ready business.
 our market leadership in these categories
 and more differentiated product portfolio,
 have continued to strengthen the growth
 of our competitive adventure versus the industry.
 While we commit,
 to our key customer strategy has been reflected
 in the consistency for past results.
 The value of this approach has never been more relevant to our growth than during the
 the current times of great uncertainties and challenges.
 The foreign support and growth of key customers.
 We are doubling our case-ready capacity at our plant in Minnesota by increasing the number
 of head stresses at the plant while also raising the mix of more stable margin case
 ready products.
 addition, we also expect to increase by 20% of production of our differentiated higher
 attributes just bare-brained products. It is also supported by conversion of one plant
 from the commoditized, large-burnt deboning,
 to a key customer QSR in the small bird segment.
 The strong relationships we have with the key customers are giving us many opportunities
 sustain our volume increase since this customer rely on us to satisfy their need for growth.
 In addition, many of our key customers maintain a leadership position in their respective
 categories.
 As a result, we are direct beneficiaries of their ability to outgrow their competition.
 Beyond driving peer growth, our key customer strategy also promotes trust, enhances low-term
 relationships and stretch them to our margin structure.
 We have prepared food business revenue declined 23% on 26% less volume year-over-year.
 a large part of this decrease.
 70% of the volume was driven by schools remaining closed.
 partially upset by strength in the retail demand.
 On the other hand, our margin from sales has improved 29%.
 driven by more favorable fries and mix.
 to continue to simplify our portfolio to improve efficiencies and shift resources towards
 branded growth in the WCAG channel.
 Our pilgrim's brand sales grew 52%.
 Now just their brand gained a new distribution resulting in dollar share growth in the retail
 channel.
 code storage data at the end of August.
 Brighton inventory was up 2% from the close of Q2.
 but down 1% from the previous year.
 Next quarter inventories were up 10% compared to last year.
 This is not surprising, considering the mixed simplification
 doing to ongoing labor constraints during Q3.
 and overall lack of worldwide financial liquidity
 as a result of COVID-19.
 as some markets reopen and the pipelines are empty.
 We are seeing some increasing lack of sales during October
 and a reduction in inventories and upward movement in prices.
 To export to exports, including pause, were up 4.7 percent here over the year throughout
 August.
 Roller meat alone was at 3%.
 In contrast, through Q3, our exports have increased by 14% euro variance, outpacing the market.
 market. China continues to be a significant growth driver, and we believe the impact of
 of AFS in South East Asia.
 and now Germany can provide further support to export demand.
 As we approach the one-year anniversary of China reopening to U.S. poultry,
 Producers are presented with exactly different market
 land escape than a year ago. China has solidified itself as one of the largest
 It's part of the destinations for poultry.
 back on only to Mexico.
 as a significant buyer keeps diversification of our export portfolio a high priority.
 We have added 95 new direct clients in 2020 and have also continued to diversify our product and destination mix.
 Sales of non-traditional export items are up 30% year-over-year, which strengthens the cutout margin.
 We enter Q4 with Optimus as we continue to place commodity items efficiently.
 Leverage buildings over all portfolio diversity and prioritize exceptional customer service to meet the needs of our key customers around the world.
 After a very challenging first half in 2020, our Mexican operations delivered great results in Q3.
 And we recorded one of the strongest Q3 in the company's history.
 Despite the unfavorable mix, impacted and added operation costs,
 relative to the same period last year.
 more normalized economic activities,
 and improved supply demand balance in the market
 Our increased share of non-commodity products and a very good operation of performance all contribute to the results.
 Although overall demand is improving, we remain agile and are continuing to adapt our facilities
 by shifting production to those channels
 that are experienced better relative to the net.
 The persons in Mexico experience some challenges, especially in the value categories, due to
 less traffic on retail combined with a contraction in the QSR volume, but he began to see some
 signs of improvements towards the end of the quarter and we believe the positive trend
 can be sustained into Q4.
 We remain committed in the long-term growth and the manned prospect to the Mexico, where
 continue to invest in all the ideas and premium filters brand
 both in fresh and in prepared as well as seeing more market share in the
 modern channel which will bring more stable margins to our operations.
 Our European chicken operations deliver a nibbit in Q3 that was 13% sequentially above Q2,
 with both volumes and revenue, 7% and 18% higher, respectively.
 Supported by our exposure to retail and the continuous recovery in food service and QSR
 demand in particular.
 relative to Q3 of 2019, EBITZ will still higher 2%,
 despite 8% lower volume and 5% lower reckoning.
 In the evening of COVID-19 restrictions, the introduction of U.K. government incentive
 directs towards food service, as well as a consistent improvement in food service demand
 within continental Europe have all contributed to a better sequentially improved performance
 versus the prior party.
 still have not yet reached prior levels.
 Even during these challenging times,
 we continue to be relentless in investing in innovation.
 Delivering labor and new improvements,
 driving better efficiencies, managing our cost base.
 and offsetting cost increases to lean manufacturing techniques
 and capital investments are all about automation
 and process flow without sacrificing the health and well-being of our team members, which
 remains abroad.
 committed to delivering the safest work environment possible, improving the quality of our products
 while achieving our sustainability agenda
 and bird welfare targets.
 Our relative performance in the industry, measured as the results of the last 12 months,
 to show us improving, and I'll paste in the average of the competition in Europe.
 For the next tutorial, we expect further improvements.
 coming from the food service and QSR segments,
 as these segments adapt to the situation in each country
 and we remain vigilant and prepared to react and adapt
 in case market conditions change.
 The performance of our newly acquired European pork operations has continued to improve.
 We leave that on an upward momentum.
 We have now been profitable on an EBITDA basis for the last six quarters in the row, with
 This margin is also increasing on a consistent basis.
 The improvement in performance was driven by robust demand at retail, partially offset
 by reduction in food service.
 continuous strength in pork exports, especially to China, as well as the implementation of
 of operation improvements and capture of synergies.
 exports to China remain strong, and we're up 100% in Q3.
 We also expect to channel head double as a percentage of our total pork sales.
 And we expect demands from China to continue driving to strengthen the oil flow, and overall
 exports in the near future.
 All of our European fresh-pot facilities are approved to export from China, so we are well positioned to benefit from those opportunities.
 We also continue to evolve in our strategy, and we will significantly increase our volumes
 with a new key customer in the next quarters.
 integration of the assets is all tracked to expectations.
 over the next few years.
 expect to generate an improved improvement to achieve a level that is competitive with
 leading companies with similar portfolio.
 We have expanded our distribution capability for the newly acquired European assets through
 some recent wins to increase our retail exposure and strengthen our partnership with key customers.
 We are optimistic about building upon our operational improvements by continuing to optimize our manufacturing footprint.
 Extract best-in-class operational accidents.
 Capitalized export to NINIS.
 Optimize the portfolio of channels, segments and products as well as strengthening our
 growth, business with key customers to drive innovation,
 value added in the higher margin errors. We have a great team in Europe dedicated to generating the
 the best possible relative results
 by focusing on factors within our control,
 while ensuring protecting the safety
 and health of our team members.
 One crisis has been rising since August, driven higher by the culmination of stronger than
 expected export demand and smaller than expected old crop ending stocks in the U.S.
 USDA is projecting new crop ending stocks at 2.17 billion bushels versus 1.99 billion
 last year, which includes a 550 million bushels increased in export demand.
 The current corn crop is projected at 14.7 billion bushels,
 They hide it in four years, and over one billion bushels
 Larger than last year.
 although compressors have risen from the lows,
 It's only in August.
 are very similar to where they were this time last year.
 So I believe that prices have also risen since August.
 risen higher by larger than expected export demand, primarily to China.
 The USDA is projecting the current soybean crop at 4.3 billion bushels, up over 700 million
 from last year.
 Despite a large increase in production, USDA is projecting new crop ending stocks at $290
 million bushels.
 the lowest level in four years.
 The uncertainty over the science of the Chinese import program is causing increasing uncertainty
 and follow filtering the oil seeds market globally, which
 prices in Europe has also risen recently despite the larger than expected Russian wheat
 crop, and they have to increase supply in other major wheat
 to explore things like Australia.
 a slow start to the planting season in Russia,
 and larger than expected export demand out of the U.S.
 are contributing to the rise prices in the wheat market.
 Upon the chicken production, according to USDA,
 Q3 was down half of a percent relative to Q3 2019. As increased live weights did not
 of said headcount reductions.
 The industry continues to maintain a larger layer flock
 we couldn't level 4.4% above last year.
 in line with the trends observed in QLXG.
 The industry has also managed to reduce the average age of laying hands, promoting a younger,
 This has allowed the industry to maintain flexibility to manage supply of eggs in the short term
 while enabling growth in the low-term as a demand environment
 improve it.
 Overall,
 the train has shown a slowing of fully placement growth, which
 is in line with expectations.
 even that most of the public placement increases in 2019 and early to 2020 were expected to
 to be supportive of new capacity that has come online
 over that period.
 From Q2 to Q3, COVID-19 related restrictions have slowly been rolled back, with many businesses
 and restaurants opening under modified environments
 to protect worker and consumer health.
 trial this process.
 consumers have proven highly adaptable to the new normal
 and have continued to modify their shopping
 and spending habits in response to the new normal environment.
 This new consumer environment favors the retail channel,
 as many consumers are still required to work from home
 and choosing to limit exposure
 to potentially more crowded areas.
 As a result, we tail demands of chickens,
 like that of all proteins.
 have remained supported throughout the quarter.
 while food thefts demand to trail below years ago level.
 this channel has proven highly adaptable
 and continues to improve each month from the low points in April,
 led by the QSR segments.
 Entering Q4, the USDA expects production to be flat for the quarter on a year-over-year basis.
 Before it's in 20, it's in 21, in which DUSB expects
 on production to grow 0.9% versus 2020.
 High unemployment and consumer uncertainty contribute to a food macroenvironment and the fallout
 effects of COVID-19 will impact the channels differently. We expect a restriction of restaurant
 and capacities, social distancing guidelines,
 or some are concerned for individual health.
 adaptation of consumers to their personal economic situations
 to continue favoring the increased frequency of at-home meals.
 Since chicken continues to be one of the most affordable and versatile proteins, we tell
 demand is likely to remain above year-ago levels.
 When we expect overall food service demand to remain more volatile and remain below year-ago levels, at least in the near term,
 QSR's ability to adapt quickly to the new environment in a positive sign for the chicken
 industry moving from late 2020 to 2021.
 A strategy is designed to adapt well to the challenging
 macroeconomic conditions while minimizing the impacts
 from volatility in market conditions.
 While we are already well-balanced in terms of our bird-sized exposure, we will remain
 diligent in seeking opportunities to incrementally diversify or product mix and reduce the commodity
 portion of our portfolio by increasing the number of differentiated products to kick
 customers while optimizing our existing operations by pursuing the operational
 improvement targets.
 Our key customer approach is 3G and creates the basis for further accelerated growth in
 and important categories.
 by promoting more customized, high-quality,
 innovative products to give us a clear, long-term, sustained
 competitive advantage while further improving the resilience to market filtration.
 With that, let's turn to additional details to our financials.
 RSGNA in the 10th quarter was higher versus a year ago as we improved the efficiencies
 of our expenses, but increased support for expanding the JustBear brand nationally.
 and the investment for our new prepared foods products, both in the U.S. and Mexico,
 as well as the inclusion of the new assets in Europe.
 Also included in the report that FGNA is our $50 million contribution to the hometown strong
 Thank you.
 We will continue to prioritize our capital spending plan this year to optimize our product mix.
 It is aimed at improving our ability to supply innovative, less-communicized products and
 and strengthening partnerships with key customers.
 even during these uncertainty times,
 while we continue to evaluate all CAPEX projects
 and deferred those with him known essential.
 We reiterate our commitment to investing on strong,
 We turn on capital employee projects
 that will improve our operational efficiencies.
 entail our customer needs to further solidify competitive advantage for people.
 Our balance sheets continue to do the bus,
 Given our relentless emphasis on cash flows from operating activities, focus on management
 of working capital and discipline investment
 in high return projects.
 Our liquidity position remains very strong,
 with more than $1.3 billion in total cash and availability.
 We have no short-term and needed cash requirements
 with our bones maturing in 2025 and 2027,
 and our terminal maturing in 2023.
 During the quarter, our net debt was $1.9 billion, the lowest since 2016, and a leverage ratio
 for 2.5 times less than 12 months later.
 Our leverage remains at a manageable level, and we expect to continue to produce positive
 catch flows this year.
 increasing of financial capability to pursue strategic actions.
 We expect 20-20 interest, expense of around $132,000, $140,000.
 We have a strong balance sheet and a leverage that is within our target, which are supportive
 for us to act on great opportunities during these uncertain times.
 We will remain focused on exercising Greek air, ensuring that we create shareholder value
 by optimizing our capital structure,
 while preserving the flexibility to pursue a growth strategy.
 And we continue to consider and evaluate all relevant capital allocation strategies that
 that will match the pursuit of our growth strategy
 and continue to review each prospect accordingly
 which you are value-creating cells.
 Operator, these conclusions are prepared remarks, please open the call for questions.
 Thank you.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 In the interest of allowing equal access,
 We request that you limit your questions to two.
 then redraw the queue for any follow-up.
 To ask a question, you may press star and one on your touchstone phone.
 If you are using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys too
 minimize background noise.
 to withdraw your question.
 Please press star then 2.
 At this time, we will start moving thoroughly
 to sample our roaster.
 If this question is from Bentham Entire with Barclays, please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning.
 How are you doing?
 I'm going to end this on behalf of Ben and Soda.
 My question is regarding COVID-19,
 How is your corny level of absinthism at plants?
 How has that evolved in recent weeks
 considering that continuously high number of cases in the U.S.
 And also, if you can provide some of the kind of a wrong way
 So we'll protect it.
 measures related to COVID-19 during the quarter,
 and what do you see going forward?
 Thanks.
 Yeah, thank you, and good morning.
 First, as we face this global coronavirus pandemic,
 we have being guided by three principles.
 and uncompromise commitment to the safety of our team members.
 Second, recognizing and embracing our responsibility to provide quality food for the country, and
 of course in endeavoring to provide
 continuing employment opportunities and benefits to our team members during a time of unprecedented
 economic appeal.
 So the direct costs that we are related to the extra cleaning
 and in our production in common areas.
 We also provide the PPNE, including the masks and face shields,
 to all of our team members, and we install physical barriers in our production area, and
 Of course, we are maintaining a social distancing
 whenever, wherever areas we can.
 We'll do more than 10,000 years within the first 30 days
 of the pandemic and we continue to upgrade those barriers.
 We also installed a dual-technology UV and bionary ionization in every plant to filter
 the air and neutralize potential viruses.
 As I mentioned, we are offering free live health online services for all of our team
 members that allow for virtual doctor visits at zero cost.
 And above all, for the cigarette lines,
 We removed the vulnerable team members from facilities with full pay and benefits during
 community outbreaks, and that is creating some challenges to our operations because by removing
 those people, we have less people at our points.
 Yeah, it the situation is very fluid it varies from plant to plant but over the last
 We have increased our staffing to close to the levels that we were before COVID.
 So, we are already running a much better mix that we were during the Q2, and we are seeing
 a very good increase in our absenteeism levels, as people are more familiar with what we are
 we're doing as we're gaining the trust of the entire communities.
 are less reluctant to return to work.
 And with that, we've been improving our ability
 to execute the optimal mix.
 Of course, we're also working with our key customers to simplify our mix to create a more optimal footprint and with the footprint
 communication with them. We are ensuring there are team members. We expect to return to the
 optimal operation in this quarter.
 Perfect.
 Thanks a lot.
 The next question is from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal.
 Please go ahead.
 Hey, good morning everyone.
 Just two questions.
 One is, as you change your mix, what was the mix between big, small, and medium, say, last
 year and then what do you think it's going to be now and then what do you think it's
 going to be in about a year from now as you adjust your product mixes.
 Yeah, can we are well balanced between small birds, a tree pack and large birdie boning?
 What we are doing is, as the demand has been shifting to more retail, we've been shifting
 in your operations.
 Also, with the growth of QSR, we also adapt to those conditions.
 What we are doing for 2021 is to first move that plant from Big Bird Deboning to Small
 over the bonnet, which will increase our presence
 in that segment.
 We are also doubling the capacity in our Minnesota plant to comply or comply or support the growth
 of our key customers and I'll just fair brand which has double the sales in the online channel
 over this quite a bit.
 looking into overall portfolio.
 We move from 46% of our total sales in retail to around 51%,
 just in 2020 with small changes in our operation.
 For next year, expect a 2% increase in that portfolio
 to the retail, and a 1% to 2% increase in the small part with those two conversions.
 My next question is, can you talk about the sustainability of the Mexican margins?
 You know, particularly, I did see that there was a little bit of a FX benefit.
 How do you...
 Think about the Mexican operation.
 I think you did say that it's still continuing the momentum into the fourth quarter.
 then how do you think about it for 2021?
 How do we frame it in our minds?
 Yeah.
 Sure can. And we've been talking about Mexico over the last years, that they are very volatile,
 quarter over quarter, but they're more stable if you take a longer period of time or within
 in a year. What happened in the first quarter or the first semester in Mexico was a complete
 balance during supply and demand. So the industry increased supply during the first semester.
 and at the same time demand because of the COVID-19 really create a challenging environment.
 As you remember in Mexico, there was no support from the government with the COVID-19 like we had
 in the U.S. and Europe. There's no governmental stimulus or unemployment benefits. We created
 with a sharp slowdown and recession in the region,
 which really affected the demand.
 both in the food service and retail.
 While in the U.S., we saw an increase in retail compensating,
 at least partially, the shadowing food service
 that didn't happen in Mexico.
 And that's why the supply and demand
 was completely out of balance.
 have the industry adapted their supply for the Q3,
 And we, appearance adapted to that situation as well,
 We reduce our costs and we also cut production,
 The supply and demand improved a lot, and we saw the rebound in the food service end
 demand in Q3.
 And now we have very stable prices during this time in Mexico.
 We expect this to continue during Q4.
 Q4 has always been a stronger quarter for Mexico with the festivities.
 we don't know at which point that will be reduced
 because of the COVID restrictions.
 We've seen some increase in cases in Mexico.
 So there could be some more restrictions in the Q4.
 But given the supply and demand situation that we are right now,
 the results are sustainable.
 now.
 2021, we expect the industry to increase production to adequate supply and demand, and we return
 to more normal levels.
 Mexico is really volatile quarter over quarter again, but we expect to be very stable year
 of the year.
 Our strategy is supportive of the growth to increase the higher margin differentiated products as well.
 We saw a little bit of impact between the prepared foods, especially on the more affordable
 products during Q1, but we continue to invest and highly differentiated the
 the pigments products continue to sell really well.
 Longer term, despite the volatility, Mexico is a growing economy and has the population
 increase their disposable income, it leads to a significant growth in protein consumption.
 Great, I really appreciate the answer.
 Thank you, okay
 The next question is from Ben Bienvenue with Steven Ings.
 Please go ahead.
 Hey, good morning
 I want to ask, you touched on it in your opening comments with ASF in China and Germany.
 I want to ask on Germany more specifically.
 I think that's a nice boon for the tulip business.
 Just curious on what you're seeing in that business, both as it relates to the impact
 on the domestic market and then an uptick in potential demand from that market as well
 and how you think your position to capture that benefit.
 Yeah, thank you Ben and the operations in Europe are more focused on the retail. So we produce
 most of our products in UK for the retail UK market and because of the high
 welfare, we command a premium in that region. The big competition, as you referred, is on
 the food service sector of imported products from Poland and Germany mainly and Spain on
 worksite.
 But the Germans had these issues with their production, and because of the ban in China,
 it...
 It actually increases the sales in the UK market.
 It also creates the opportunity for our UK products to be sold into China.
 So what we saw is that on the, what we call fifth quarter products, a significant increase
 in pricing, but on the normal products like coins and others,
 We see the price is more stable because it's a zero sum game at the end of the day.
 So it increases the opportunity to China, so that was a welcome.
 I think our sales have, like we mentioned, have doubled during Q3 and we're seeing some
 very stable pricing.
 But it also ...
 improve the competition in the food service segments in the UK.
 Okay, great. My second question is related to grain.
 I mean, apologies if I missed this in your opening comments.
 then here you're overview of the market.
 Could you talk about how your position
 relative to the market, you know, are you more hand-to-mouth at the moment?
 Do you have any basis secured?
 any color you could offer there on how you're positioned
 for the balance of fourth quarter and into next year would be helpful.
 This is Joe. Thank you for the question.
 Obviously, we've seen prices of corn and soybean
 increase in the last few months, which has been the result of a few factors for corn.
 We've seen a reduction from the supply side with USDA reporting 6 million fewer planet
 than they originally estimated back in March.
 Veltasol are final stocks for 2019 and have been 200 million bushels less than with the
 expected when the final counting was done. On the current crop, we actually, for the acres of the
 on the planet see pretty good yields, above trend line yields, so it's not an issue on
 on the supply side in terms of US production.
 But on the demand side, we've also seen much bigger exports
 command primarily driven by China.
 Still, the USDA is projecting a carrier out of around 2.1 billion bushels, and that includes
 to 30% increase in export demand from last year.
 So even if export command ends up higher than what UST is projecting, corn stock should
 still be in mind with previous years.
 Soybeans USJ is projecting a 290 million bushel carryout, which would be the lowest carryout in five years.
 This projection, though, includes a 31% increase in export command, driven by China.
 In addition to the increased export command, Argentina, which is one of the world's largest
 Seed exporting countries is in the midst of a historic economic crisis which is causing
 farmers here to hold back available supplies from the market, adding more
 pressure to the U.S. to meet this demand. We believe the market is likely to feel anxious
 of the U.S. soiling supplies until there's a resolution to this currency situation in
 in Argentina or until South American supplies can be available to meet this demand.
 In terms of how we're positioned,
 We've always said that our hedging strategy
 adaptive to the market conditions and the risk we see, and we feel very comfortable with
 where we are in corn and soy.
 We do recognize the risk of slogan supplies in the U.S.
 and all positions reflect that?
 OK.
 Awesome.
 and best of all.
 Thank you.
 As a reminder, if you have a question, please press star then 1.
 The next question is from Michael Peekan with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
 Yeah, hi.
 I just wanted to touch base a little bit more
 in terms of the move, I guess, into retail.
 And, you know, some of that Big Bird product,
 is that being chopped up and put into trays?
 And, you know, how is that impacting, you know,
 some of the margins on the commodity business.
 Yes, Mike. There's a lot of product from the big birds, especially during promotional season,
 season, seasonality during the summer that from the big boards end up being
 putting the trade to be sold in the retailers.
 We continue to do that. I think the the challenge to the industry is that
 that we need to have the label available and the facilities available to do more of that.
 And that's why the industry has not
 increase more the production to the trade pack as we want,
 or as the demand continues to grow.
 It's also because of that we are increasing the capacity
 in our Minnesota plant.
 So as of today, yes, we are buying big bar meat
 and we continue to put it on the tray.
 especially during Saturdays.
 And I think the whole industry is doing that.
 Okay, great.
 And then my second question is,
 Just looking at the, you mentioned that your absentee rates
 you're starting to go down and you're starting to get back to your normal mix.
 In terms of some of the deboned, dark meat,
 Are you starting to return that to historic levels and what could that mean for the leg
 quarter prices, which has seen the most pressure, cannot help, or the fact that China is taking
 more pork and that helped with leg quarters.
 I haven't like quarter prices moved
 if there's more deboned, dark meat potentially being produced.
 And it seems like, at the very least,
 trying to take more U.S. poor.
 Yes, you're right Mike.
 Because of the absenteeism and also the food service industry in the U.S., the industry
 produce 3% more like quarters in July and August than the same period last year, despite
 and lower total production.
 that put a lot of pressure in the lack of processing.
 As we are seeing more, the reopening of the food service,
 And as we are seeing the abstinence men,
 the staffing of our plants increasing for us and for the whole industry.
 you'll see more deboning.
 We are already at levels comparable to last year
 which will reduce the pressure in the leg quarters.
 Of course, China has been also more active
 in the lake water market over the last month.
 and we're seeing that in the
 that quarter inventory.
 that was up on a sequentially basis up to August,
 but we are seeing a reduction.
 And also the inventory today is down 9%
 compared to the peak Q1 average that we have.
 So those two factors can contribute to the reduction
 in the lake water production, which is a commodity item,
 as I mentioned.
 And the China interest, I think, we saw over the last weeks,
 although not today.
 the increase in the oil prices and the reduction in the dollar, which increased the availability
 of dollars from the developing countries,
 which also increases the demand for black waters.
 So what could help on the left quarter?
 So I'm going forward.
 It's both on supply and demand.
 on the suppliers exactly what you said.
 because of the improvement in labor efficiencies.
 and the more sales in the domestic market on the food service and on demand because of low prices
 and because of more available income in the developing economies.
 Thank you very much for your time, and I'll see you in the next video.
 The next question is from Peter Galbo with Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Hey, guys, good morning.
 Thanks for taking the question.
 Fabio, just as I'm thinking about it, the small bird and resale channels obviously have
 been tremendously profitable for you guys during, you know, this time period, and, you
 with the plant conversion coming, but, you know, with commodity big bird remaining, you
 and the cutout value you have here remaining under such pressure, just at what point does
 Does it make sense to start talking about converting another plant, whether that's
 to retail or to small bird because it just seems like that big bird portion is not going
 to improve without more capacity either being converted or taking out of the market in some
 capacity.
 Sure, thank you, Peter.
 I think the decision to convert the plan
 is a more long-term decision.
 And we always make those decisions
 combined with our key customer strategy.
 As we see the demand of these key customers growing,
 we take action in our portfolio.
 So that makes a lot of sense for us
 to do their conversion right now from that operation,
 from big bird to small bird to support this growth.
 I think, again, you need to look into a more broader,
 a long-term perspective.
 We continue to expect the food service sector to rebound.
 If you look at the food service sector, today the food service restaurants are now 13% year
 over a year, and that is impacting the big part, the boning for sure, while the QFRs
 are up to 9%.
 As we go to a more normal operations, as we see,
 Maybe the development of vaccines, we don't know when that's going to happen, or we see
 more openings of the restaurants.
 the best.
 We expect a
 food service restaurants, especially on the full service,
 to regain some market share that they are not operating today.
 So I think it's a long-term decision,
 And it's also a very difficult decision
 to move from Big Bird to a smaller,
 because we have the growers and we have the feed mills.
 It's all built to that specific bird.
 Our plants in the United States are really customized
 to that specific segment.
 So any conversion, it really requires significant capital
 and require some significant changes in the overall supply chain.
 chain.
 from the growers, your feed mills, and your field operations.
 So it's a high capital investment that needs to be supported for the long run.
 So that's why we don't see a lot of conversions in our industry.
 Of course, if this situation continues for a longer period of time, you can see some conversions.
 I think also it's important to know that some other players don't have the key customer
 relationships that we have and moving from the big bird to the small bird or to the case
 is ready.
 Required.
 customer, and a key customer to support.
 And since they don't have those relationships,
 it's harder for them to do some co-versions.
 No, that's helpful.
 And then maybe just to follow up, you know, given where the balance sheet is now and something you talked about in your period remarks,
 You know, how should we think about M&A potential, maybe from a geographic perspective, or does
 it make sense?
 sense to get bigger in pork in Europe and, you know, going into 2021, just any help there.
 And then maybe you can also comment on any updates on your CFO search.
 Thanks very much.
 Sure, in terms of strategy, I think our strategy continues the same, and our growth strategy
 We will continue in time and as we mentioned, we have a very strong balance sheet.
 We're looking to increasing our prepared foods operation.
 in our branded operation to create a more balanced portfolio.
 And we're also looking for chicken assets
 where we can extract more value from operational efficiencies.
 We're seeing targets all in the US.
 outside the U.S., geographical diversification, and to growth in Europe, and we will evaluate
 Thank you so much for watching the video.
 Please do click the like button below.
 standards.
 In terms of the CFO, we are in the process of finding another CFO.
 we already engage recruiting firms and we should have some news in the near future.
 Great, thanks very much guys.
 The next question is from Adam Samuelson with Gorman-Saxon Co.
 Please go ahead.
 Yes, thank you. Good morning everyone.
 Morning.
 Hi, assistant.
 First is the clarification or a little more detail on the expansion of the Minnesota plant
 for case-ready and the conversion of the Texas plant, small bird from Big Bird.
 What's the net impact on your production volume and what's the capital cost of those projects?
 Yeah, in terms of total volume, I think we should be just a little bit up. We expect to be to grow in line with
 with USDA expectations and the industry for 2021,
 which is a little bit lower than 1%.
 as we have more birds in Minnesota,
 but we also reduce the weight in our operation
 on the big bird that we are.
 just from into a small board.
 So we expect to be for 2021 in line with those two.
 In terms of investments, it's not very significant to our total capex as the conversion of the
 It's a simple conversion.
 Of course, that QSR requires some BSI, which is portioning equipment and some marination
 equipment and we're going to invest in automation in that plant as well.
 Today is a manual decoding operation,
 and we're going to invest in the automated deboning
 And so the investment is close to $20 to $25 million in that operation.
 And in the...
 And...
 Okay.
 case value operation is close to $70 million. So overall, it is a total of $100 million
 that we're going to invest in those two conversions.
 Okay, that's a helpful call there.
 And the follow-up was, I just want to make sure I have something right from the paragraph
 It talks about the prepared food business in the U.S. declining 26%, I think it's what
 I heard, and maybe hoping to expand it on that, that's a business that I think has had
 more challenges over the years and just do we really just a question of returns of school
 in food service traffic, or how do we think about that business from a margin profile
 of the public.
 Yeah, then that's exactly it.
 We, you know, prepare for business.
 We have a strong brand, which is the Pierce brand,
 that is mainly a food service brand.
 We also are very strong in the school with our gold-kissed bread.
 Both those segments are the ones that are most affected by the COVID-19.
 non-commercial food service that includes schools. We're down 66% at Q2 and now they are down
 We are seeing some school reopens, which could help, but it's a segment that is still down
 40%. On what we call the commercial food service, which is a street business where our peer
 is a leading brand in wings and in chunks.
 We saw that in Q2, they end up 36% lower than the prior year, but they're rebounding and
 And today, they are close to 4% lower than the same period last year.
 So the food service business has been recovering, and with that, our fierce brand has recovered
 and our volumes, but the school system is still close to 40 percent lower than the prior
 year.
 That's why you're investing in more retail branded business.
 As we mentioned, our decreased grant has increased more than 30%.
 And we have been very successful in expanding the JustBear brand on the fresh category,
 is being very successful on the online segment and also on the higher attribute segment in
 our key customers to the prepared food segment.
 All right, great.
 Great, that's a helpful call, I'll pass it on.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 The next question comes from Carla Cazella with J.P. Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, my question is regarding your leverage.
 The three times target, how comfortable or how high would you be comfortable taking that in the event of additional M&A?
 and are you seeing any more M&A opportunities
 just given the volatility in worldwide protein markets.
 Yeah, thank you, Carla.
 We set this target of two to three times
 times because it's the best capital structure that can protect and reduce our interest payments
 Well, not creating any problem for our bonds and for our leverage.
 The two to three times is in normal operations.
 Of course, during some acquisition, if we have a great plan on how to reduce that back
 we can go further. I don't think there is a number that is specific on where we go. I
 I think it's more about what is the plan to be leveraged.
 And of course, the plant to the leverage could include the issue of stock.
 That's why Pilgrims as a public-traded company
 has that opportunity to use the stock as a currency.
 not to increase the leverage to points where we don't think it is prudent in the case of
 a significant acquisition that will be transformational for the company.
 Okay, and just one last point.
 Now, in terms of M&As, yes, we are seeing more targets.
 And of course, the whole situation about traveling has created some challenges in terms of seeing
 and visiting assets.
 But we are seeing some targets that are still very interesting to us and could create a
 a lot of value for our shareholders.
 Okay, great.
 And just in the event that JBS is able to list the U.S. businesses, would that cause
 any need for changing your structure?
 Yeah, we don't believe so. I think JBS has said many times that they continue to support
 to be a public-trader company and just as I mentioned, it is a great way for us to keep
 We can use the equity as a currency in the case of a very important and transformational
 event for parents.
 Okay, thank you.
 Once again, if you have a question, please press star and one on your telephone.
 Gentlemen, there are no more questions registered at this time.
 I would like to turn the conference back over to Fabio Sandri for closing remarks.
 Well, thank you all. We would like to reiterate our continued commitment to our valued team
 members to provide them with a safe and healthy working environment while supporting your
 duty to maintain food production and supply to customers.
 looking forward to closing 2020 with good results in spite of the volatility.
 our diverse portfolio of differentiated products,
 failure to support our key customer strategy.
 in conjunction with our broad geographic footprint.
 we continue to generate consistent performance.
 and minimize margin volatility
 in challenging marking conditions relative to competitors.
 We will continue to seek new growth potential both organically
 and through acquisitions, while offering even more differentiated products for the portfolio
 within our business to support key customers' needs by cultivating a culture of constant
 innovation.
 We would like to thank everyone in the Pugnis family, including our family, farm partners,
 suppliers and our customers who make our business possible.
 As always, we appreciate your interest in our company.
 Thank you for joining us today.
 Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded.
 Thank you for attending today's presentation.
 You may now disconnect.