 Good morning and welcome to the third quarter 2020 Pilgrim's Pride Earnings Conference Call and Webcast.
 All participants will be in listen-only mode.
 Do you need assistance?
 please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero.
 At the company's request, this call is being recorded.
 Please note that the slides and referrals during today's call are available for download
 from the investor relations section of the company's website
 at www.pildrins.com.
 After today's presentation, there will be the opportunity to ask questions.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Dana Winoto.
 Head of Invest Relations for Peer Glimpse Pride
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Good morning and thank you for joining us today as we review our operating financial results for the third quarter end of September 27, 2020.
 Yesterday afternoon, we issued a press release providing an overview of our financial performance for the quarter, including a reconciliation of any non-GAAP measures we may discuss.
 A copy of the release is available in the investor relations section of our website,
 along with the slides we will reference during this call.
 These items have also been filed as 8Ks and are available online at www.scc.gov.
 Presenting to you today are Fabio Sandri, President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and Joe Walbuzier, Head of Commodity Risk Management.
 Before we begin our prepared remarks, I'd like to remind everyone of our Safe Harbor disclaimer.
 Please call.
 We contain certain forward-looking statements.
 That's right.
 prisons at our outlook and current expectations as of the day of this release.
 Other additional factors not anticipated by management may cause actual results to defer
 material from those projected in this form looking statements.
 Further information concerning those factors has been provided in today's press release
 10K in a regular filings with the SEC.
 I'd now like to turn the call over to Fabio Sandri.
 Thank you, Denner.
 Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today.
 For the third quarter of 2020, we reported net revenues of $3.08 billion, an adjusted EBITDA of $305 million, or a 9.9% margin, 18% higher than an year ago, and an adjusted GAP EPS of $0.66.
 I would like to express my sincere gratitude to our global team for their continuing commitment, dedication, and hard work in supporting our ability to keep our team members safe and healthy by maintaining our ability to produce and supply customers during this challenging time.
 I could not be more proud of our team as they have continued to come together to support
 one another, our customers, and consumers.
 Safety is a condition assurance and our team members responded
 admirably to the unprecedented conditions, supplying products to our customers.
 We're continuously adapting our global operations to the change in channel demand
 while adjusting our operations to be able to maintain the operations at all our plants
 and minimize any significant disruption due to labor and health issues.
 We remain diligent in implementing precautionary, proactive steps
 to better safeguard the wellness and help of each team member
 while fulfilling our essential duty
 as a food producer to consumers in every region where we operate.
 We incurred direct COVID-19 mitigation costs of roughly $27 million for the quarter
 and close to $77 million year-to-date.
 The direct costs are related to the extra cleaning of our production and common areas,
 the extra PP&E, including masks and feed shoes that we are providing to all of our team members,
 and the installation of physical barriers in our production areas.
 We'll also install dual technology UV and bipolar ionization in every plant to filter
 the air and neutralize potential viruses.
 We're offering free light health online services that allow for virtual doctor visits at no cost.
 and above all CDC guidelines, we remove vulnerable team members from facilities
 with full pay and benefits during community autobreaks.
 These figures include indirect costs.
 there are more there are a lot of indirect costs they are more difficult to precisely quantify
 such as overall disruptions to our operations,
 less optimal mix and production and efficiencies that are not included in these numbers.
 Also, we are supporting our communities with our HomeStrong initiative.
 It is an example of how we value the important role we play in the communities where our team members live and work.
 We understand the responsibility that comes with being a major employer in rural communities.
 And we work hard to contribute to the well-being of those communities
 by not only providing gainful employment opportunities,
 but also participating in volunteers, donation, and sponsorship opportunities.
 This quarter, we accrued $50 million in SG&A for this initiative.
 Turn to the specifics of our business.
 Despite continuing volatility and challenging market environments in Q3 and added operating costs,
 who have continued to generate a superior relative performance to the competition
 and have remained resilient to market fluctuations.
 This is a reflection of our portfolio approach, including the strategy on well-diversified
 products, broad geographical
 footprints, and the
 And then let's focus on key customers.
 For the full quarter, operating performance both in the U.S. and Mexico significantly improved sequentially,
 And Europe also continued to increase despite the challenges due to COVID-19.
 In Q3, we saw market conditions continue to recover across all of our global operations,
 with the U.S., and particularly Mexico, experiencing the struggle about
 in performance relative to weak conditions during the first half of the year.
 We are pleased with the results, especially when taking into account all the disruptions.
 less than optimal product mix, and added operating costs when compared to the environment in 2019.
 Despite continued challenges in global market conditions due to COVID-19,
 our consolidated results have also remained well balanced
 and the result of our vision to become the best and most respected company,
 creating the opportunity of a better future for our team members.
 To support our vision, we are continuing to implement our strategy of developing a unique
 portfolio-diverse, complementary business models.
 Continue to relentlessly pursue operational excellence, becoming a more valued partner
 key customers and creating an environment for safe people, safe products and healthy
 Thank you.
 well market conditions in all our global operations are continued to improve
 during the quarter, food service demand globally still has not reached prior levels, and the
 environments are still quite challenging in some sectors where we operate.
 Disruptions from COVID-19 have continued to present a significant challenge on each individual
 countries demand for protein consumption as well as for the flow of global trades and generate
 volatility far beyond normal seasonal factors we will maintain our strategy
 will continue to improve the portfolio to better respond to individual market dynamics
 and generate a relative increase in performance over our peers.
 We believe this approach will give us higher and more consistent results for the mid-to-long run
 and minimize the full peaks and troughs of the commodity sectors.
 During the third quarter, in the U.S., we are continuing to see demand recovery at our
 fresh operations, including from some sectors within food service, with more states gradually
 losing travel and movement restrictions.
 QSL volume has been especially strong, and demand from our customers has been outperforming
 the industry.
 Similar to last quarter, commodity large door deboning was also again the most challenged during Q3.
 Operationally, however, we continue to improve our relative performance versus the industry
 across all business units.
 We are continuing to adapt to the shipping channel demand by increasing our volume mix to key customer retailers.
 In addition, a large portion of our food service customers are also within the QSR segment,
 which has further dampened the impact across our fresh business unit models.
 Our portfolio of differentiated products, along with our key customer model, are giving us better insulation against the volatility.
 We're also in a much better position to adjust products and channeling, given our presence
 across all bird sizes from small to large. Within the small bird and case
 ready segments market supply and demand was again very well balanced during q3 demand from retailers
 especially from our key customers was strong, supporting improving performance of our key
 run a business.
 our market leadership in these categories and more differentiated product portfolio
 have continued to strengthen the growth of our competitive adventure
 versus the industry.
 When we commit to our key customer strategy has been reflected in the consistency for
 test results.
 The value of this approach has never been more relevant to our growth
 than during the current times of great uncertainties and challenges.
 To further support the growth of key customers, we are doubling our case-ready capacity at
 plant in Minnesota by increasing the number of head processes at the plant while also
 raising the mix of more stable margin case-ready products.
 With this addition, we also expect to increase by 20% our production of our differentiated, higher-attribute, just bare-brand products.
 It is also supported by conversion of one plant from the commoditized large bird deboning
 to a key customer QSR in the small bird segment.
 The strong relationships we have with key customers are giving us many opportunities
 sustain our volume increase since this customer rely on us to satisfy their need for growth.
 In addition, many of our key customers maintain a leadership position in their respective
 categories.
 As a result, we are direct beneficiaries of their ability to outgrow their competition.
 Beyond driving peer growth, our key customer strategy also promotes trust, enhances long-term relationships, and strengthens our margin structure.
 In the U.S. prepared foods business, revenue declined 23% on 26% less volume year-over-year.
 A large part of this decrease, 70% of the volume, was driven by scooms remaining closed, partially
 offset by strength in the retail demand.
 On the other hand, our margin from sales have improved 29%, driven by more favorable price
 and mix.
 We continue to simplify our portfolio to improve efficiencies
 and shift resources towards branded growth in the ETL channel.
 Our Pilgrims brand sales grew 52%, and our JustBear brand gained a new distribution, resulting in dollar share growth in the retail channel.
 22 code storage data at the end of August.
 broiler inventory was up 2%
 from the close of Q2, but down 1% from the previous year.
 Blackwater inventories were up 10% compared to last year.
 This is not surprising considering the mixed simplification
 due to ongoing labor constraints seen during Q3
 and overall lack of worldwide financial liquidity as a result of COVID-19.
 As some markets reopen and the pipelines are empty, we are seeing some increase in legquarter
 sales during October and a reduction in inventories and upward movement in prices.
 U.S. poultry exports, including paws, were up 4.7% year-over-year throughout August.
 Roller meat alone was up 3%.
 In contrast, through Q3, our exports have increased by 14% year-over-year, outpacing
 the market.
 China continues to be a significant growth driver, and we believe the impact of ASF in Southeast Asia, and now Germany, can provide further support to export demand.
 As we approach the one-year anniversary of China reopening to U.S. poultry,
 Producers are presented with a vastly different market landscape than a year ago.
 China has solidified itself as one of the largest export destinations for poultry, second only to Mexico.
 China's present as a significant buyer keeps diversification of our export portfolio a high priority.
 We have added 95 new direct clients in 2020 and have also continued to diversify our product and destination mix.
 Sales of non-traditional export items are up 30% year-over-year, which strengthens the cutout margin.
 We enter Q4 with Optimate as we continue to place commodity items efficiently, leverage
 over our portfolio diversity and prioritise exceptional customer service to meet the needs
 of our key customers around the world.
 After a very challenging first half in 2020, our Mexican operations delivered great results
 in Q3.
 and we recorded one of the strongest Q3 in the company's history.
 despite the unfavorable mix impacted and added operation costs relative to the same period last year.
 More normalized economic activities, an improved supply-demand balance in the market,
 Our increased share of non-commodity products and our very good operational performance all contribute to the results.
 Although overall demand is improving, we remain agile and are
 continue to adapt our facilities by shifting production to those channels that are experienced
 better relative demand.
 Repair food in Mexico experienced some challenges, especially in the value categories, due to
 less traffic or retail combined with a contraction in the qsr volume but he
 began to see some signs of improvements towards the end of the quarter and we believe the positive
 trend can be sustained into Q4.
 We remain committed in the long-term growth and demand prospect in New Mexico.
 We are continuing to invest in Odeo Dia and Premium Pilgrim's brand, both in fresh and in prepared,
 as well as seeing more market share in the modern channel,
 which will bring more stable margins to our operations our European chicken
 operations.
 deliver an EBIT in Q3 that was 13% sequentially above Q2,
 with both volumes and revenue 7% and 18% higher, respectively.
 Supported by our exposure to retail and the continuous recovery in food service and QSR demand in particular.
 Relative to Q3 of 2019, EBITs were still higher 2%, despite 8% lower volume and 5% lower revenue.
 Good evening of COVID-19 instructions.
 the introduction of UK government incentive directs towards food service,
 as well as a consistent improvement in food service demand within continental Europe
 have all contributed to a better sequentially improved performance versus the prior quarter.
 The steel has not yet reached prior levels.
 Even during this challenging time, we continue to be relentless in investing in innovation.
 They're delivering labor and yield improvements, driving better efficiencies, managing our cost base, and offsetting cost increases to lean manufacturing techniques and capital investments around automation and process flow without sacrificing the health and well-being of our team members, which remains a priority.
 We are committed to delivering the safest work environment possible, improving the quality
 of our products while achieving our sustainability agenda and bird welfare targets.
 Our relative performance to the industry, measured as the result of the last 12 months,
 continues to show us improving
 and are pacing the average of the competition in Europe.
 For next quarter, we expect further improvements coming from the food service and QSR segments
 as these segments adapt to the situation in each country.
 and we remain vigilant and prepared to react and adapt in case market conditions change.
 The performance of our newly acquired
 of European pork operations have continued to improve.
 with EBITDA on an upward momentum we have now been profitable on an EBITDA basis for the last six
 six quarters in a row, with margins also increasing on a consistent basis.
 Improvement in performance was driven by robust demand at retail, partially offset by a reduction
 in food service.
 Continued strength in pork exports, especially to China, as well as the implementation of operation improvements and capture of synergies.
 Exports to China remain strong and we're up 100% in Q3.
 Also, export to China has doubled as a percentage of our total pork sales, and we expect demand
 from China to continue driving
 and strengthen the overall exports in the near future
 all of our
 European fresh pork facilities are approved to export from China,
 and so we are well positioned to benefit from those opportunities.
 We also continue to evolve in our strategy
 and we will significantly increase our volumes with a new key customer in the next quarters.
 The integration of the assets is on track to expectations.
 Over the next few years, we expect to generate an EBITDA improvement to achieve a level that
 is competitive with leading companies with similar portfolios.
 We have expanded our distribution capability for the newly acquired European assets
 through some recent wins to increase our retail exposure
 and strengthen our partnership with key customers.
 We are optimistic about building upon our operation improvements by continuing to optimize
 our manufacturing footprint, extract best-in-class operational excellence, capitalize export
 to the future.
 Thank you.
 optimize the portfolio of channels, segments, and products,
 as well as strengthening our growth business with T-Customers
 to drive innovation in value-added and higher margin areas.
 We have a great team in Europe
 dedicated to generating the best possible relative results
 by focusing on factors within our control
 while ensuring and protecting the safety and health of our team members.
 Porn prices have been rising since August, driven higher by a combination of stronger
 than expected export demand
 and smaller-than-expected old crop ending stocks in the U.S.
 USDA is projecting new crop ending stocks at 2.17 billion bushels versus 1.99 billion
 last year which includes a five hundred and fifty million bushels increase in
 export demand.
 The current corn crop is projected at 14.7 billion bushels, the highest in four years,
 and over one billion bushels larger than last year.
 although contractors have written from the laws we saw in august
 Traces are very similar to where they were this time last year.
 Soybean meal prices have also risen since August, driven higher by larger than expected
 export demand, primarily to China.
 USDA is projecting the current soybean crop at 4.3 billion bushels, up over 700 million from last year.
 Despite the large increase in production, USDA is projecting new crop ending stocks at 290 million bushels, the lowest level in four years.
 The uncertainty over the size of the Chinese import program is causing increasing uncertainty
 and volatility in the oil seeds market globally.
 Wheat prices in Europe has also risen recently, despite larger than expected Russian wheat
 crop.
 projected increased supply in other major wheat exporters like Australia.
 A slow start to the planting season in Russia and larger-than-expected export demand out
 of the u.s. are contributing to the rise prices in the wheat market
 On the chicken production, according to the USDA,
 Q3 was down half of a percent relative to Q3 2019.
 as increased life weights did not affect head count reductions.
 The industry continues to maintain a larger layer flock, with current levels 4.4% above last year, in line with the trends observed in QNXG.
 The industry has also managed to reduce the average age of laying hands, promoting a younger, more efficient breeders.
 This has allowed the industry to maintain flexibility to manage supply of eggs in the short term
 while enabling growth in the long term as the demand environment improves.
 Overall, the trend has shown a slowing of pulley placement growth, which is in line with expectations,
 given that most of the police placement increases in 2019 and early to 2020,
 We're expected to be supportive of new capacity that has come online over that period.
 From Q2 to Q3, COVID-19-related restrictions have slowly been rolled back,
 with many businesses and restaurants opening under modified environments to protect worker and consumer health.
 Throughout this process, consumers have proven highly adaptable to the new normal
 and have continued to modify their shopping and spending habits in response to the new normal environment.
 This new consumer environment favors the retail channel, as many consumers are still required to work from home
 and choosing to limit exposure to potentially more crowded areas.
 As a result, retail demand for chicken, like that of all proteins, have remained supported
 throughout the water.
 While food service demands to trail below years ago level, this channel has proven highly
 Yeah definitely.
 continues to improve each month from the low points in April,
 led by the QSR segments.
 Entering Q4, the USDA expects production to be flat for the quarter on a year-over-year basis.
 Before entering 2021, in which the USDA expects oil production to grow 0.9% versus 2020.
 High unemployment and consumer uncertainty contribute to a fluid macroenvironment and
 fallout effects of COVID-19 will impact the channels differently. We expect the restriction
 of restaurant capacities, social distancing guidelines, consumer concern for individual
 health.
 of consumers to their personal economic situations to continue favoring the increased frequency
 of at-home meals.
 Protein streaking continues to be one of the most affordable and versatile proteins.
 retail demand is likely to remain above year-ago levels.
 While we expect overall food service demand to remain more volatile and remain below year-ago levels, at least in the near term, QSR's ability to adapt quickly to the new environment in a positive sign for the chicken industry moving from late 2020 to 2021.
 Our strategy is designed to adapt well to the challenging macroeconomic conditions
 while minimizing the impact from volatility in market conditions.
 While we are already well balanced in terms of our bird size exposure, we will remain
 diligent in seeking opportunities to incrementally diversify our product mix and reduce the commodity
 portion of our portfolio by increasing the number of differentiated products to key customers how
 optimizing our existing operations by pursuing operational improvement targets.
 Our key customer approach is strategic and creates a basis for further accelerated growth
 in important categories by promoting more customized, high-quality, innovative products
 to give us a clear, long-term, sustained competitive advantage
 while further improving the resilience to market fluctuations.
 With that, let's turn to additional details to our financials.
 Our SG&A in the third quarter was higher versus area gold as we improved the efficiencies
 of our expenses, but increased support for expanding the JustBear brand nationally.
 and the investment for our new prepared foods products, both in the U.S. and Mexico,
 as well as the inclusion of the new assets in Europe.
 Also included in the report that SG&A is our $50 million contribution to the Hometown Strong Initiative and the DOJ agreement.
 We will continue to prioritize our capital spending plan this year
 to optimize our product mix.
 That is aimed at improving our ability to supply innovative, less commoditized products and strengthening partnerships with key customers.
 Even during these uncertain times, while we continue to evaluate all CAPEX projects and defer those we deem known essential,
 We reiterate our commitment to investing on strong return on capital employee projects
 that will improve our operational efficiencies
 and tailored customer needs to further solidify
 compared to the inventors for people.
 Our balance sheets continue to be robust,
 given our relentless emphasis on cash flows from operating activities,
 Focus on management of working capital and discipline investment in high return projects.
 Our liquidity position remains very strong, with more than $1.3 billion in total cash
 availability. We have no short-term
 immediate cash requirements with our bonds maturing in 2025 and 2027
 and our term loan maturing in 2023. During the quarter, our net debt was 1.9 billion,
 the lowest since 2016, and a leverage ratio for 2.5 times the last 12 months EBITDA.
 Our leverage remains at a manageable level, and we expect to continue to produce positive
 cash flows this year.
 Increasing our financial capability to pursue strategic actions.
 We expect 2020 interest expense of around 130 to 140 million dollars.
 We have a strong balance sheet and a leverage that is within our target, which are supportive
 for us to act on great opportunities during these uncertain times.
 We'll remain focused on exercising great care in ensuring that we create shareholder value
 by optimizing our capital structure
 while preserving the flexibility to pursue a broad strategy.
 I will continue to consider and evaluate all relevant capital allocation strategies that
 will match the pursuit of our growth strategy and continue to review each prospect accordingly
 to our value-creating standards.
 operator
 This concludes our prepared remarks.
 please open the call for questions.
 Thank you.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 In the interest of allowing equal access, we request that you limit your questions to two.
 Then rejoin the queue for any follow-up.
 To ask a question, you may press star then 1 on your subsequent phone.
 If you are using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys to minimize background noise.
 To withdraw your question, please press star 10-2.
 At this time, we will post momentarily to assemble our roster.
 The first question is from Bentham Intoler with Barclays.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi.
 Good morning.
 How are you doing?
 This is Antonio Hernandez on behalf of Ben.
 Thank you.
 My question is regarding COVID-19, how is your current level of absenteeism at plants?
 How has that evolved in recent weeks, considering the continuously high number of cases in the U.S.?
 And also if you can provide a kind of a wrong rate of protective measures related to COVID-19 during the quarter and what do you see going forward.
 Thanks.
 Yeah.
 Thank you.
 And good morning.
 face this global coronavirus pandemic.
 We have been guided by three principles.
 First, an uncompromised commitment to the safety of our team members.
 Second, recognizing and embracing our responsibility to provide quality food for the country
 and, of course, endeavoring to provide continuing employment opportunities
 and benefits to our team members during a time of unprecedented economic upfield.
 So the direct costs that we are related to the extra cleaning in our production in common areas.
 We also provide the PP&E, including the masks and face shields, to all of our team members.
 we install physical barriers in our production area and of course we are
 maintaining social distancing whenever
 areas we can.
 We'll do more than 10,000 barriers within the first 30 days of the pandemic, and we continue to upgrade those barriers.
 We also installed that dual-technology UV and bipolar ionization in every plant to filter the air and neutralize potential viruses.
 As I mentioned, we are offering free, live health, online services for all of our team
 members that allow for virtual doctor visits at zero cost.
 and
 Above all CDC guidelines, we remove the vulnerable team members from facilities with full pay
 and benefits during community
 autobricks.
 And that is
 creating some challenges to operations, because by removing those people, we have less people
 at our points.
 Yeah.
 .
 The information was very fluid.
 varies from plant to plant, but over the last months, we have increased our staffing to close
 to the levels that we were before COVID.
 So we are already running a much better mix than we were during the Q2.
 and we are seeing a very
 good increase
 in our absenteeism levels
 as people are more familiar with what we are doing as we're gaining the trust of the entire communities.
 people are less
 reluctant to return to work.
 And with that, we've been improving our ability to execute the optimal mix.
 Of course, we're also working with our key customers to simplify our mix
 to create a more optimal footprint.
 And with the frequent communication with them, we are ensuring there are team members.
 We expect to return to the optimal operation in this quarter.
 Perfect. Thanks, Laura. I'm going with some new results.
 The next question is from Ken Zaslow with Bank of Montreal. Please go ahead.
 Hey, good morning, everyone.
 Good morning, Cain.
 Just two questions.
 One is, as you mix, as you change your mix, what was the mix between big, small, and medium, say, last year?
 And then what do you think it's going to be now?
 and then what do you think it's going to be in about a year from now
 as you adjust your product mixes.
 Yeah, and we are well balanced between small birds, tree pack, and large bird depotting.
 What we are doing is, as the demand has been shifting to more retail, we've been shifting
 our operations also with the growth of qsr we've also adapt to those conditions what we are doing
 for 2021 is
 you.
 move that plant from big birdy boning to small birdy boning, which will increase our presence
 in that segment.
 We are also doubling the capacity in our Minnesota plant to comply or support the growth of our key customers
 and I'll just pair brand, which has doubled the sales in the online channel over this quarter.
 Looking into overall portfolio, we moved from 46% of our total sales in retail
 to around 51% just in 2020 with small changes in our operation.
 For next year, we expect a 2% increase in that portfolio to the retail
 and a 1% to 2% increase in the small bird with those two conversions.
 question is can you talk about the sustainability of the mexican margins you know particularly i did
 see that there was a little bit of a
 FX benefit. How do you think
 about the Mexican operation
 I think you did say that it's still continuing the momentum into the fourth quarter.
 then how do you think about it for 2021?
 How do we frame it in our minds?
 Yeah, sure, Ken.
 And we've been talking about Mexico over the last years,
 that they are very volatile quarter over quarter,
 but they're more stable if you take a longer period of time or within a year.
 What happened in the first quarter or the first semester in Mexico was a complete imbalance during supply and demand.
 So the industry increased supply during the first semester.
 And at the same time, demand, because of the COVID-19, really creates a challenging environment.
 As you remember, in Mexico, there was no support from the government with the COVID-19 like we had in the U.S. and Europe.
 There's no governmental stimulus or unemployment benefits.
 the benefits
 we've created a sharp
 slowdown and recession in the region, which really affected the demand, both in the food
 service and retail.
 While within the U.S., we saw an increase in retail compensating, at least partially, the shutdown in food service.
 that didn't happen in Mexico.
 And that's why the supply and demand was completely off balance.
 As the industry adapted their supply for the Q3, and we at Pilgrims adapted to that situation as well, we reduced our costs and we also cut production.
 The supply and demand improved a lot, and we saw the rebound in the food service and demand in Q3.
 And now we have very stable prices during this time in Mexico.
 We expect this to continue during Q4.
 Q4 has always been a stronger quarter for Mexico with the festivities.
 We don't know at which point that will be reduced because of the COVID restrictions.
 We've seen some increase in cases in Mexico, so there could be some more restrictions in the Q4,
 But given the supply and demand situation that we are right now, the results are sustainable.
 Now, for Q1, we expect the industry to increase production to adequate supply and demand
 and the return to more normal levels.
 Mexico is really volatile quarter over quarter again, but we expect to be very stable year over year.
 Of course, our strategy is supportive of the growth to increase the higher margin differentiated products as well.
 We saw a little bit of impact in the prepared foods, especially on the more affordable products during Q1.
 but we continue to invest
 and highly differentiated
 that Pilgrim's products continue to sell really well.
 Longer term, despite the volatility, Mexico is a growing economy, and as the population
 increase their disposable income, it leads to a significant growth in protein consumption.
 the answer. Thank you.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from Ben.
 Bienvenue with Stephen Ings.
 Please go ahead.
 Hey, good morning.
 I want to ask, you touched on it in your opening comments with ASF and China and Germany.
 I want to ask on Germany more specifically.
 I would think that's a nice boon for the tulip business.
 Just curious on what you're seeing in that business, both as it relates to the impact on the domestic market
 and then an uptick in potential demand from that market as well,
 and how you think you're positioned to capture that benefit.
 Yeah, thank you, Ben.
 Thank you, Ben.
 The operations in Europe are more focused on the retail.
 So we produce most of our products in UK for the retail UK market.
 And because of the high welfare, we command a premium in that region.
 the big competition
 Thank you.
 is on the food service sector of imported products from Poland and Germany mainly and Spain on the pork side.
 as the germans uh...
 had these issues with their production,
 and because of the ban in China,
 It actually increases the sales in the UK market.
 It also creates the opportunity for our UK products to be sold into China.
 So what we saw is that on the what we call fifth quarter products, a significant increase in pricing.
 But on the normal products like loins and others, we see the price is more stable because it's a zero-sum game at the end of the day.
 So it increases the opportunity to China.
 So that was welcome.
 I think our sales have, like we mentioned, have doubled during Q3, and we're seeing some very stable pricing.
 but it also includes the competition in the food service segments in UK.
 Okay, great.
 My second question is related to grain.
 And apologies if I missed this in your opening comments.
 I did hear your overview of the market.
 Could you talk about how you're positioned relative to the markets?
 You know, are you more hand-to-mouth at the moment?
 Do you have any bases secured?
 any color you could offer there on how you're positioned
 through the balance of fourth quarter and into next year would be helpful.
 Hey, Ben.
 This is Joe.
 Thank you for the question.
 we've seen prices of corn and soybean mill increase in the last few months, which has
 have been the result of a few factors. For corn, we've seen a reduction from the supply
 side with USDA reporting six million fewer planted acres than they originally estimated
 back in March.
 Delta Solar final stocks for 2019 end up being 200 million bushel less than was expected
 when the final counting was done.
 On the current crop, we actually, for the acres that we planted, see pretty good yields, above trend line yield.
 so it's not an issue on the supply side in terms of U.S. production.
 But on the demand side, we've also seen much bigger exports, demand primarily driven by China.
 Still, the USDA is projecting a carryout of around 2.1 billion bushels, and that includes
 a 30% increase in export demand from last year.
 So even if export demand ends up higher than what UST is projecting, corn stalks should
 still be in line with previous years.
 On soybeans, USDA is projecting a 290 million bushel carryout, which would be the lowest
 to carry out in five years.
 This projection, though, includes a 31% increase in export demand driven by China.
 In addition to the increased export command,
 in Argentina, which is one of the world's largest oilseed exporting countries, is in
 the midst of a historic economic crisis, which is causing farmers here to hold back available
 supplies from the market, adding more pressure to the U.S. to meet this demand.
 We believe the market is likely to feel anxious about U.S. soybean supplies
 until there's a resolution to this currency situation in Argentina
 or until South American supplies can be available to meet this demand.
 In terms of how we're positioned, we've always said that our hedging strategy is adaptive
 to the market conditions and the risk we see,
 and we feel very comfortable with where we are in corn and soy.
 We do recognize the risk to soybean supplies in the U.S.
 and our positions reflect that.
 Okay. Awesome. Thanks, and best of luck.
 Thank you.
 As a reminder, if you have a question, please press star, then 1.
 The next question is from Michael Peekan with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
 Yeah, hi. Good morning. I just wanted to touch base a little bit more in terms of, you know, the move, I guess, you know, into retail and, you know, some of that Big Bird product, is that being chopped up and put into trays?
 And, you know, how is that impacting, you know, some of the margins on the commodity business?
 Yes, Mike. There's a lot of product from the Big Birds, especially during promotional seasonality during the summer, that from the Big Birds end up being put in a tray to be sold in the retailers.
 We continue to do that.
 I think the challenge to the industry is that we need to have the labor available
 and the facilities are able to do more of that.
 And that's why the industry has not increased more the production to the trade pack as we want
 or as the demand continues to grow.
 It's also because of that that we are increasing the capacity in our Minnesota plate.
 So as of today, yes, we are buying big bird meat and we continue to put it on a tray, especially during Saturdays.
 And I think the whole industry is doing that.
 okay great
 and then my
 Second question is, you know, just looking at the – you mentioned that your absentee rates are starting to go down and you're starting to get back to your normal mix.
 In terms of some of the deboned dark meat, are you starting to return that to historic levels?
 And what could that mean for the lead quarter prices, which is seeing the most pressure?
 Or can that help?
 Or is this, you know, the fact that China is taking more pork, can that help with headquarters?
 I haven't let quarter prices moved if there's more deboned dark meat potentially being produced.
 And, you know, it seems like, you know, at the very least, China's taking more U.S.
 work yes you're right Mike
 Because of the absentee and also the food service industry in the U.S., the industry
 produce 3% more
 like waters in July and August than the same period last year despite a lower
 total production that put a lot of pressure in the lack of pricing as we
 are seeing more the reopening of the food service and as we are seeing the
 absenteeism and the staffing of our plants increasing for us and for the
 whole industry. We're seeing more
 deboning.
 We are already at levels comparable to last year in terms of detonation,
 which will reduce the pressure in the leg quarters.
 Of course, China has been also more active in the lag water market over the last month.
 and we're seeing that in the
 like water inventory that
 was up on
 on a sequentially basis up to August,
 but we are seeing a reduction.
 And also the inventory today is down 9% compared to the peak Q1 average that we have.
 So those two factors can contribute to the reduction in the light water production, which is a commodity item, as I mentioned.
 And the China interest, I think we saw over the last weeks, although not today,
 the increase in the oil prices and the reduction in the dollar,
 which increased the availability of dollars from the developing countries,
 which also increases the demand for leg water.
 So what could help on the last quarter going forward is both on supply and demand.
 on the supply is exactly what you said.
 less leg quarters because of the improvement in labor efficiencies
 and the more sales in the domestic market on the food service
 and on demand because of low prices and because of more affordable income in the developing economies.
 The next question is from Peter Galbo with Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Hey, guys. Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
 you know
 Fabio
 As I'm thinking about it, you know, the small bird and resale channels obviously have been tremendously profitable for you guys during, you know, this time period and, you know, with the plant conversion coming.
 But, you know, with commodity Big Bird remaining, you know,
 and the cutout value you have here remaining under such pressure.
 just at what point does it make sense to start talking about converting another
 plant whether that's to retail or to small bird because it just it just seems like that big bird
 portion is not going to
 improve without more capacity
 either being converted or taking out of the market, you know, in some capacity.
 Sure, thank you, Peter.
 I think the decision to convert the plan is a more long-term decision.
 And we always make those decisions combined with our key customer strategy.
 as we see the demand
 of these key customers growing
 we take action
 in our portfolio.
 And that makes a lot of sense for us to do that conversion right now from that operation,
 from big bird to small bird to support this growth.
 I think, again, you need to look into a more broader, long-term perspective.
 If we continue to expect the food service sector to rebound,
 If you look at the food service sector, today the food service restaurants are down 13% year over year,
 And that is impacting the big part of the building for sure.
 while the TFRs are up 9%.
 As we go to a more normal operations, as we see maybe the development of vaccines,
 We don't know when that's going to happen, or we see more openings of the restaurants.
 We expect the food service restaurants, especially on the full service, to regain some market share that they are not operating today.
 So I think it's a long-term decision, and it's also a very difficult decision to move from Big Bird to a smaller,
 because we have the growers and we have the feed mills.
 It's all built to that specific bird.
 Our plants in the United States are really customized to that specific segment.
 So any conversion, it really requires significant capital and requires some significant changes in the overall supply chain, both starting from the growers, your feed mills, and your field operations.
 So it's a high capital investment that needs to be supported for the long run.
 So that's why we don't see a lot of conversions in our industry.
 Of course, if this situation continues for a longer period of time, you can see some conversions.
 I think also it's important to know that some other players don't have the key customer relationships that we have.
 and moving from the big bird to the small bird or to the case ready
 require a customer and a key customer to support and since they don't have those
 relationships.
 It's harder for them to do some conversions.
 All right.
 But, no, that's helpful.
 and then maybe just to follow up
 given where the balance sheet is now
 and something you talked about in your prepared remarks, you know,
 how should we think about M&A potential, maybe from a geographic perspective,
 or does it make sense to get bigger in pork in Europe and, you know, going into 2021?
 just any help there
 And then maybe you can also comment on any updates on your CFO search.
 Thanks very much.
 Sure. In terms of strategy, I think our strategy continues the same, and our growth strategy continues intact, and as I mentioned, we have a very strong balance sheet.
 We're looking to increasing our prepared foods operation and our branded operation to create a more balanced portfolio.
 And we're also looking for chicken assets where we can extract more value from operational efficiencies.
 We're seeing targets both in the U.S. and outside the U.S., geographical diversification
 and to growth in Europe.
 And we will evaluate all
 alternatives to our value creation standards.
 In terms of the CFO, we are in the process of finding another CFO.
 we already engage
 recruiting firms
 and we should have some news
 in the near future.
 Great. Thanks very much, guys.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from Adam Samuelson with Goldman Sachs & Co.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, thank you.
 Good morning, everyone.
 Morning, London.
 All right, so maybe first just a clarification or a little more detail on the expansion of the Minnesota plant for Case Ready
 and the conversion of the Texas plant
 to small bird from big bird.
 what's the
 net impact on your production
 volume
 and what's the capital cost
 of those projects?
 Yeah, in terms of total volume, I think we should be just a little bit up.
 We expect to grow in line with USDA expectations and the industry for 2021,
 which is a little bit lower than one percent.
 As we have more birds in Minnesota, but we also reduce the weight in our operation on the big bird that we are transforming to a small bird.
 So we expect to be for 2021 in line with those two.
 in terms of investment
 it's not uh...
 very significant to our total capex as the conversion of the small bear plant, it's
 It's a simpler conversion.
 Of course, that QSR requires some DSIs, which is portioning equipment, and some marination equipment.
 and we're going to invest in automation
 in that plant as well.
 today is a manual deboning operation and we're going to invest in the automated deboning so the
 The investment is close to $20 to $25 million in that operation.
 and in the case of the case-ready operation, it's close to $70 million.
 So overall, it is a total of $100 million that we're going to invest in those two conversions.
 Okay, that's a helpful call there.
 And the follow-up was I just want to make sure I heard something right from the prepared remarks.
 about the prepared food business
 In the U.S., declining 26%, I think is what I heard.
 and maybe hoping
 and just to expand on that,
 that's a business that I think has had
 more challenges over the years and just
 is
 do we
 Is it really just a question of return to school and food service traffic?
 or how do we think about that business or a margin profile moving forward?
 Yeah, that's exactly it.
 In our prepared food business, we have a strong brand, which is the Pierce brand, that is mainly a food service brand.
 We also are very strong in the school with our Gold Kiss brand.
 Both those segments are the ones that are most affected by the COVID-19.
 the non-commercial food service that includes schools
 We're down 66% at Q2, and now they are down 43%.
 We're seeing some school reopens, which could help, but it's a segment that is still down 40%.
 on what we call the commercial food service,
 which is the street business
 where our Pierce brand is a leading brand in wings and in chunks,
 We saw that in Q2, they end up 36% lower than the prior year, but they're rebounding.
 And then today, they are close to 4% lower than the same period last year.
 So the food service business has been recovering, and with that, our Pierce brand has recovered
 and our volumes, but
 the school system is still close to 40% lower than the prior year.
 And that's why we're investing in more retail-branded business.
 As we mentioned, our Pilgrim's brand has increased more than 30%,
 And we have been very successful in expanding the Just Bear brand from the fresh category,
 where it's been very successful on the online segment
 and also on the higher attribute segment in our key customers
 to the prepared food segment.
 All right, great.
 That's a helpful caller.
 I'll pass it on.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Andrew.
 The next question comes from Carla Casella with JP Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, my question is regarding your leverage.
 The three times target, how comfortable or how high would you be comfortable taking that in the event of additional M&A?
 And are you seeing any more M&A opportunities just given the volatility in worldwide protein markets?
 Yeah, thank you, Carla.
 We set this targets two to three times because it's the best capital structure that can protect
 and reduce our interest payments
 Well, not creating any problem for our bonds and for our leverage.
 The two to three times is in normal operations.
 Of course, during some acquisition, if we have a great plan on how to reduce that back
 we can go further.
 I don't think there is a number that is specific on where we go.
 I think it's more about what is the plan to be leveraged.
 And, of course, the plan-to-do leverage could include the issue of stock.
 And that's why Pilgrims, as a public-traded company, has that opportunity to use the stock
 as a currency, not to increase the leverage to points where we don't think it is prudent
 In the case of a significant acquisition, that would be transformational for the company.
 Okay, and just one last one.
 No, in terms of M&As, yes, we are seeing more targets.
 Of course, the whole situation about traveling has created some challenges in terms of seeing and visiting assets.
 But we're seeing some targets that are still very interesting to us
 and could create a lot of value for our shareholders.
 Okay, great.
 And then just in the event that JBS is able to list the U.S. business, would that cause any need for a change in your structure?
 Yeah, we don't believe so.
 I think JBS has said many times that they continue to support Pilgrims to be a public trader company.
 And just as I mentioned, it is a great way for us to keep our growth.
 we can use the equity as a currency
 in the case of a very important
 and transformational event for peerless.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Once again, if you have a question, please press star and one on your telephone.
 Gentlemen, there are no more questions registered at this time.
 I would like to turn the conference back over to Fabio Sandri for closing remarks.
 Well, thank you all.
 Well, we would like to reiterate our continued commitment to our valued team members to provide
 them with a safe and healthy work environment while supporting your duty to maintain food
 production and supply to customers we are looking forward to closing 2020 with good results in spite
 of the volatility.
 our diverse portfolio of differentiated products,
 tailored to support our key customer strategy.
 in conjunction with our broad geographic footprint.
 will continue to generate consistent performance
 and minimize margin volatility in challenging marking conditions relative to competitors.
 We will continue to seek new growth potential, both organically and through acquisitions,
 while offering even more differentiated products portfolio within our business
 to support key customers' needs by cultivating a culture of constant innovation.
 We would like to thank everyone in the Pilgrim's family, including our family farm partners,
 suppliers, and our customers who make our business possible.
 As always, we appreciate your interest in our company.
 Thank you for joining us today.
 Ladies and gentlemen, the conference has now concluded.
 Thank you for attending today's presentation.
 You may now disconnect