 Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the second quarter results
 teleconference for travelers. We ask that you hold all questions until the completion of formal
 remarks at which time you will be given instructions for the question and answer session.
 As a reminder, this conference is being recorded on July 23, 2020.
 At this time, I would like to turn the conference over to Ms. Abby Goldstein, Senior Vice President
 of Investor Relations, Ms. Goldstein, please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Good morning and welcome to Traveller's discussion of our second quarter 2020 results.
 We released our press release financial statement
 and webcast presentation earlier this morning.
 All of these materials can be found on our website at Travelers.com under the Investors
 section.
 Speaking today will be Alan Schnitzer, Chairman and CEO, Dan Fry, Chief Financial Officer,
 our three-segment presidents, Greg Tezlowski of Business Insurance, Tom
 a concoct of bond and specialty insurance,
 and Michael Klein of personal insurance.
 They will discuss the financial results of our business and the current market environment.
 They will refer to the webcast presentation
 as they go through prepared remarks and then we will take questions.
 Before I turn the call over to Alan, I'd like to draw your attention to the explanatory
 included at the end of the webcast presentation.
 Our presentation today includes forward-looking statements.
 The company cautioned investors that any forward-looking statement involves risks and uncertainties
 and it's not a guarantee of future performance.
 actual results may differ materially
 from those expressed or implied
 in the forward-looking statement due to a variety of factors.
 These factors are described under forward-looking statements in our Earnings Press Release and
 in our most recent 10-Q and 10-K filed with the SEC.
 We do not undertake any obligation to update forward-looking statements.
 Also, in our remarks or responses to questions, we may mention some non-GAP financial measures.
 are included in our recent earnings press release, financial supplement, and other materials
 available in the investor section on our website.
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Alan Schnitzer.
 Thank you, Abby.
 Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today.
 as we shared in our pre-release last week,
 And again, this morning, we reported a small net loss
 for the quarter due to a high level of catastrophe losses
 and, as we expected,
 a loss in our non-sixty income investment portfolio.
 Dan will have more to say about both shortly.
 Our underlying underwriting income of $572 million treat tax is up $254 million over
 for the prior year quarter.
 benefiting from solid net-earned premium
 and a three point five point improvement
 in the underlying combined ratio to a strong only 1.4%.
 the pandemic and related economic conditions
 have only a modest net impact on our underwriting results.
 as I share to my prepared remarks last quarter,
 There will be COVID-19 related loss activity,
 that there will be some offsetting decline in losses due to people across the country
 sheltering in place.
 For us in the quarter, $114 million of direct losses and $63 million of audit premium adjustments
 for about offset by initial estimates of favorable loss
 activity, most of which is in short tail lines.
 Given the continued uncertainty, we've taken a cautious approach to recognizing the net
 impacted COVID-19 related law
 Some industry observers have speculated about the aggregate level of insured and
 and investment losses are rising out of the pandemic.
 We don't doubt the losses will be significant,
 but they won't be borne evenly across insurers.
 Our manageable COVID-related insurance losses so far this year are a reflection of our disciplined approach to risk selection, as well as terms and conditions.
 And as we shared with you in some detail last quarter,
 We manage our investment portfolio
 with a similar regard to balancing risk and reward.
 Last quarter, I commented on the potential future impacts the pandemic might have on each of our key lines of business.
 I'll review that again with a quarter's worth of experience.
 In personal auto, we've seen a meaningful drop-off in auto frequency, although that is moderating
 as economic activity picks up.
 At the same time, you've taken into consideration the potential for some off-setting impact
 in terms of auto-severity due to factors such as collisions occurring at higher speeds and
 try your distraction.
 In workers' compensation, COVID-related claims mostly relate to health care workers in first
 responders that do not represent a significant part of our local business.
 So the frequency of those claims stabilized
 during the quarter, which might be attributed to an improved supply of PPE and the healthcare
 community having the benefit of more experience with managing COVID patients.
 More broadly, beyond the health care sector, data from some of the state workers' comp systems
 suggests that the COVID-related claim rate is low relative to the infection rate.
 That's likely partly attributable to the fact that the population most seriously affected
 by COVID-19, excuse older, and it's not the workforce.
 Nonetheless, in developing our loss estimates, we've taken into consideration the potential
 for the delayed reporting of claims, and additional claim activity associated with recent spike
 to infection rates, as well as uncertainty related to the longer term implications of
 the disease.
 anticipated, some states have effectively expanded the scope of workers' comp coverage
 by creating presumptions of compensability.
 In most cases, states have taken a thoughtful approach
 protecting workers' appropriability, but not unrecentively
 burdening the workers' compensation system.
 For states adapted to expand compensability, we've adjusted our law system with supporting
 In terms of non-COVID workers' comp losses, we've seen the lower volume of workers' comp
 claims as workers have stayed home.
 this will update as people get back to the workplace.
 In addition to taking that into account, we have contemplated that severity could be
 adversely affected by injured workers delaying treatment due to the stay-at-home work environment.
 When we said all that, our experience is that there's a lower level of workers' comp
 claim activity associated with economic recessions.
 periods of elevated.
 1
 unemployment, workers tend to be more motivated to stay at their jobs than the workforce
 tends to be more seasoned.
 In management liability, as we expected,
 we are seeing an elevated level of claim activity,
 typically associated with stock market volatility and workforce reductions.
 The underlying combined ratio of this quarter and bond and specialty reflects that as well
 those other loss activities.
 And we expect that the underlying combined ratio will continue to be elevated at this
 This level is somewhat higher over the near term.
 This is not the most...
 the experience we had in the aftermath of the financial crisis a decade ago.
 Nonetheless, we expect the return from this segment will continue to be healthy.
 Turning to the surety business, we've been pleased to see that work is continuing on the fast majority construction projects.
 However, the death and duration of stress in the economy continues to be risk factors,
 the share of...
 business.
 The line will also be impacted by other factors, such as the financial strength and the bond
 As I shared last quarter, our high-quality surety book was effectively stress-tested
 in the 2008 financial crisis and perform well, and our underwriting approach has remained
 disciplines since that time.
 In that regard, so far, we haven't seen anything that has caused us to change our shirty law
 In terms of business interruption coverages under commercial property policies, there's
 a...
 fair amount of litigation challenging coverage. As a reminder, our commercial
 property insurance policies that include business interruption, including as a result of civil
 authority require losses to be caused by direct physical damage to property from a covered
 cause of loss.
 In addition, our standard policy forms specifically exclude
 loss or damage caused by or resulting from a virus.
 If you court decisions, make sure you don't break the law.
 court decisions we've seen so far, one in New York and one in Michigan, have both
 of health with physical damage requirements in the context of COVID-19.
 On the legislative front, efforts to retroactively expand coverage for business interruptions
 seem to be diminishing.
 Finally, with respect to liability coverages,
 As people shelter in place, we are seeing fewer commercial
 auto accidents and slip and fall type claims.
 Anecdotally, we are also seeing some movement by the plaintiff's bar to subacclaims faster.
 But it's too soon to know how significant that benefit might be.
 might be.
 We're also encouraged by states that have adopted COVID-related liability protections
 in similar efforts that are underway in other states and at the federal level.
 shouldn't let frivolous lawsuits undermine the nation's recovery.
 In the last week, expect the plants as far to continue to be active.
 Turning to the quarter of the top line,
 we're very pleased with our production results,
 Excluding the auto premium refunds we've provided to our customers, net-written premium
 true by 2% as the impact of COVID-19 on insured exposures was more than offset by strong
 rate change in all three seconds.
 In business insurance, we achieve renewal rate change to 7.4 percent, the highest level
 since 2013 and close to the record level we achieved that year.
 Excluding workers comp, renewal rate change was double digits.
 Importantly, retention levels remain strong.
 and bond and specialty insurance,
 net-written premiums increased by 3%.
 It's our domestic management liability business
 achieved a record renewal rate change while maintaining strong retention.
 In personal insurance, excluding the other premium refunds, net-written premiums increased by 6%,
 percent, driven by strong retention in new business in both agency auto and agency homeowners.
 in our agency homeowner's business,
 renewal premium change remains strong at 7.7% and we hit a record for new business.
 Let me take a minute to comment on the commercial rate environment.
 Before the pandemic struck, there were a number of industry-wide factors putting upward pressure
 on priceness, namely increased volatility of weather-related losses, interest rates
 at historical lows, and a growing recognition of higher loss
 trend in the liability lines.
 all of those conditions persist.
 and now at another quarter with a very high level
 of weather-related losses.
 interest rates that are likely to be lower for longer, and, while it hasn't been a significant
 factor for us, the reinsurance market, that is hard. And on top of that, the
 the pandemic and related economic fallout,
 add a sense of incremental uncertainty,
 making this deal like one of those times,
 not unlike in the wake of 9-11 in Hurricane Katrina,
 when the market recalibrates risk.
 With that as the background, we'll continue to see great gains and manage other levers
 of profitability to improve the outlook for return.
 I'll close by saying that I couldn't be more grateful to my traveler's colleagues for their
 grit and commitment to taking care of our customers, our business partners, our communities,
 each other.
 Also, the work they've done in recent years
 to advance our innovation agenda has equipped us with state-of-the-art digital tools and
 other capabilities that make all the difference in this environment.
 We were well prepared, and from here, we're well positioned, free from financial and operational
 distractions will continue uninterrupted, managing our business and investing for long
 term success.
 We're confident in our ability to continue to succeed in these uncertain times and to
 benefit from the strength of our franchise as the economy recovers.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Dan.
 Thank you, Allen.
 A core loss for the second quarter was $50 million,
 compared to core income of $537 million in the prior year
 quarter.
 it primarily from a higher level of catastrophe losses and, as expected, lower net investment
 income. For the quarter, the net impact related to COVID-19 is included in our
 underlying results, not as part of our cat figure, and was modest.
 on that in a minute.
 Our second quarter results include $854 million of pre-taxed cat losses compared to only $367
 million dollars in last year's second quarter. This quarter's cash includes
 severe storms in several regions of the United States, as well as 91 million
 of losses related to civil unrest.
 regarding our property aggregate catastrophe.
 XOLTree for 2020.
 As of June 30th, we have accumulated about $1.4 billion of qualifying losses toward the
 the aggregate retention of $1.55 billion.
 The treaty provides aggregate coverage of $280 million or $500 million of losses above
 that $1.55 billion retention.
 The underlying combined ratio of 91.4%, which excludes the impacts of CATS and PYD,
 Improved by three and a half points compared to ninety four point nine percent in last year second quarter
 The underlying loss ratio improved by more than 4 points and benefited from a lower level
 of non-cat weather losses.
 favorable frequency and personal auto from the shelter-in-place environment met a related
 premium refunds and the impact of earned pricing in excess of lost trend.
 The expense ratio of 31% is eight-tenths of a point higher than the prior year quarter
 and above our recent run rate.
 This change was as expected due to the reduction in premiums associated with the pandemic's
 impact on the economy, along with the premium refunds to our personal auto customers.
 net impact of COVID-19 and its related effects on the economy were modest in
 in terms of our overall second quarter underwriting.
 Their top line was resilient, excluding the premium refunds and personal insurance, net
 written premiums increased by 2%, driven by strong renewal rate change in all three
 segments that more than offset lower-insured exposures.
 In terms of operating expenses, results were adversely impacted by modest increases in
 the allowance for bad debt and the approval for supplemental commissions.
 Those expense increases, however, were roughly offset by lower expenses in other categories.
 For example, travel costs were down as our employees continued to work primarily from
 Oh.
 The economic impacts related to COVID-19 also affected our underlying losses.
 For example, losses directly related to COVID-19 totaled $114 million, primarily workers'
 cost and business insurance and management liability losses in our bond and specialty
 business.
 On the other hand, we experienced significant reductions in auto claims as there were fewer
 cars on the road during the second quarter, and to a lesser degree, recognize the benefit
 reflecting fewer traditional workers' comp claims as more people work from home.
 As you heard from Alan, given the uncertainty in the current environment, we took a cautious
 approach in estimating the net impact of COVID-related losses.
 They have recorded the estimated cost for all losses incurred through June 30th, including
 incurred losses for which claims have not yet been reported. All losses have been recorded
 at our estimate of ultimate.
 And the majority of the COVID-19 related
 insurance losses we have booked in the 1st and 2nd quarters are still sitting in our
 IBNR reserves. We have not recognized losses or benefits from COVID-19 related insured events
 that we anticipate will occur subsequent to the end of the quarter.
 taking a step back on a year-to-date basis, the impact on our results, excluding that
 investment income from COVID-19 and its related effects is a net charge of about 50 million
 dollars pre-tax.
 Starting to prior year, reserve development and personal insurance, both auto and property
 losses came in better than expected for multiple accident years.
 fraud and specialty insurance. We saw larger losses than expected in management liability
 resulting in prior year strengthening of $33 million.
 largely offsetting the favorable development
 and personal insurance.
 In business insurance, there was no net priority at reserve development.
 has better than expected loss experience
 and workers' comp and commercial property
 was largely offset by unfavorable results
 and our other casualty lines.
 Each of the movements this quarter was relatively small
 and compare it to the reserve base.
 As you saw in our July 14th press release,
 We expect to record subrogation benefits
 and our third quarter PYD of approximately $400 million
 tax related to PG&E's successful emergence from bankrupt city on July 1st.
 As a reminder, third quarter PYD will also include the results of our annual asbestos
 review.
 after tax net investment income decreased by 54%
 from the prior year quarter to $251 million.
 somewhat better result than we had previewed
 in our call last quarter.
 The decrease was driven by our non-fixed income returns, where results for our private equity,
 hedge fund and real estate partnerships
 are generally reported to us on a one-quarter lag.
 accordingly the impact of the disruption in global financial markets that occurred in
 the latter half of the first quarter impacted our second quarter results.
 the broader markets have recovered in the second quarter, that should, at least to some
 benefit our non-fixed income results in the third quarter.
 It's worth mentioning here that recoveries may not be reflected in the private equity
 and hedge fund results as quickly as the downturns were.
 Even continued economic uncertainty, fund managers will report their results to us and
 to take a more measured approach,
 and not be as quick to write back up the valuations,
 just marked down, particularly in light of what may be continued challenging prospects
 for the earnings and cash flows for the fund's underlying investments.
 fixed income returns decreased by $24 million after tax has the benefit from higher levels
 of invested assets was more than offset by the decline in interest rates and a mixed
 change as we chose to maintain a somewhat higher level of liquidity and held more short-term
 investments than in prior quarters.
 For the remainder of 2020, we expect that fixed income NII will decrease by approximately
 $35 to $40 million after tax per quarter compared to the corresponding period of 2019.
 Energy Capital Management.
 operating cash flows for the quarter of $1.7 billion,
 We're, again, very strong.
 All our capital ratios were after better than target levels,
 we ended the quarter with holding company liquidity of slightly more than two billion
 dollars
 well above our target level.
 We call that in April we pre-funded, as we normally do, $500 million of debt coming due
 in November with a new 30-year $500 million debt issuance at 2.55 percent.
 So our holding company liquidity is temporarily elevated by that amount.
 Investment yields decreased as credit spreads tightened during the second quarter,
 And accordingly, our net non-realized investment gain increased from $1.8 billion after tax
 as of March 31st to $3.6 billion after tax June 30th.
 The adjusted book value per share, which excludes net unrealized investment gains and losses,
 It's $92.01 at quarter end, down less than 1% from year end, and up 2% here over year.
 We returned $218 million of capital to our shareholders this quarter by a dividend.
 We did not repurchase any shares during the quarter.
 As we indicated in our first quarter earnings call, our capital management strategy remains
 unchanged. With the ongoing economic uncertainty and with hurricane season upon us, it still
 feels
 to us like holding on to a little more capital is preferable to holding on to a little less
 until there's more clarity on the state of the economy.
 We may buy back some shares in the coming quarters,
 or we may continue to choose to buy none.
 Coming back to reinsurance for a moment, let me direct your attention to slide 19 of the webcast presentation for a summary of our July 1st renewals.
 The structure of our main cap reinsurance program is generally consistent with the prior year.
 We renewed our Northeast catch rating effective July 1st substantially similar terms
 and pricing that was up only slightly on an exposure-adjusted basis.
 Our cat bond, Longpoint Reef 3, is now in the third year of its four-year term.
 In the annual reset for the 2020 hurricane season, the attachment point was adjusted from
 $1.79 billion to $1.87 billion while the total cost of the program is flat here over a year.
 A more complete description of our cat reinsurance coverage, including our general cat aggregate
 the XOL Treaty that covers an accumulation of certain property losses arising from multiple
 occurrences is included in our 10Q, which we filed earlier today, and in our 2019 110K.
 Lastly, let me take a minute to address thoughts on our top line going forward.
 Looking at premium volume, we expect to experience the impacts of economic disruption.
 How much of an impact we feel, and for how long, will depend on the extent and duration
 of the negative economic impacts related to the pandemic.
 because our premium typically lies.
 the written premium, we expect to feel the effects on an earned basis beyond the end of the year.
 As Alan said last quarter, we do not intend to take disruptive expense actions in response
 to what may prove to be a short-term impact
 on premium volumes.
 Accordingly, in coming quarters, the expense ratio will likely remain somewhat elevated
 compared to the corresponding period of 2019,
 through the expected impact counter and premiums.
 Now, I'll turn the call over to Greg
 for discussion of business insurance.
 Thanks, Dan.
 Let me start by expressing my deep appreciation to all my travelers colleagues, as well as
 our agent and broker partners for continuing to provide exceptional service to our customers
 during these unprecedented times.
 for the quarter's results, business insurance had a loss for the quarter of $58 million due to
 to lower net investment income
 and higher to tax for people losses.
 as both Allen and ratio of 107.1%
 included more than 10 points of catastrophes.
 impacted by both weather related losses and civil unrest.
 The underlying combined ratio of 97% improved by 0.4 points, reflecting a 0.2 point improvement
 in each of the underlying loss ratio and expense ratio.
 the net impact of COVID-19 and related economic conditions
 was modest.
 Turning to the top line, net-written premiums were 3% lower than the prior year quarter
 due to the impact of the economic disruption
 on insured exposures.
 Thanks to excellent execution by our field organization.
 These impacts were largely offset by strong renewal repeat creases and high retention.
 Turning to domestic production, we achieved strong renewal rate change of 7.4% while retention
 remained high at 83%.
 The renewal rate change of 7.4 percent was up almost four points from the second quarter
 of last year and more than a point from the first quarter of this year.
 this year, not with steep compensation pricing.
 We continue to achieve higher rate levels broadly across our book as rate increases
 and all lines other than workers' compensation were meaningfully higher during the quarter
 as compared to the second quarter of last year.
 We achieved positive rate on about 80% of our middle market accounts this quarter, which
 was up from about two-thirds in the second quarter of last year.
 year.
 Importantly, we've achieved this progress in a highly segmented manner and with retention
 remaining strong.
 At these rate levels, our rate change continues to exceed lost trend, even after about a half
 point increase to our lost trend assumption. New business of $473
 million dollars was down 10 percent from the prior year quarter. New business
 fault was down which we asked to be largely to disruption caused by the 10
 them.
 New business was also impacted by our continued focus on discipline, risk selection, underwriting, and pricing.
 These production results request superior execution
 by our field organization in a very challenging environment.
 As for the individual businesses, in select,
 up to 2.1%, making the sixth consecutive quarter, where
 renewal rate was higher than the corresponding prior year quarter, while retention was strong
 at 82%.
 The headwind for workers' compensation pricing is most pronounced in the select business.
 business was down significantly driven by the economic disruption caused by the
 pandemic.
 While the current environment is challenging, we're confident that we're well-positioned
 and investing in the right strategic capabilities
 to profitably grow this business over time.
 In the middle market, renewal rate change was up to 7.9 percent, while retention was
 strong at 86%. The 7.9% was up almost four-and-a-half points from the second quarter of 2019 and
 and one and a half points from the first quarter of 2020.
 The new business of $255 million was down from the prior year quarter driven by both
 economic disruption, and our continued focus on discipline,
 risk selection, underwriting, and pricing.
 To sum up, we believe our meaningful competitive advantages, including our strong distribution
 relationships and our talent and expertise, position us well to navigate through these
 some certain times and continue to serve our customers and agent and broker partners.
 Click that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
 and specialty delivered solid returns and growth in the quarter despite the
 impacts of COVID-19 and related economic conditions.
 Segment income was $72 million, a decrease of $102 million from the prior year of court.
 As Dan mentioned, the combined ratio of 9 to 10 is the same as the combined ratio of
 93.8% reflects unfavorable prior year reserve development in the quarter as compared to favorable
 PYD in the prior year quarter and a higher underlying combined ratio.
 The underlying combined ratio of 88.1% increased 7.1 points from the prior year quarter, primarily
 driven by the impact of higher loss estimates for management liability
 coverages, about half of which was due to COVID-19 and related economic conditions.
 The remaining half of the increase is due to a few smaller drivers such as elevated
 claim activity under employment practices, liability coverages, and ransomware losses
 under a sign of the policy.
 Turning to the top line, never written premiums,
 Drew, 3% for the quarter.
 Reflecting strong growth in our management liability and international businesses, partially
 offset by lower-surity production. In our Domestic Management Liability Business, we
 We are pleased the renewal premium change increased to 7.8 percent.
 marks the 7th consecutive quarter where RPC is higher than the corresponding prior year
 court. As Allen noted, renewal rate change was a record for the court, while retention
 remained at a historically high 89%.
 Similar to business insurance, our PC in the quarter was also impacted by lower insurance
 exposures.
 Production results demonstrate the effective execution of our strategy to pursue rain where
 are needed.
 while maintaining strong retention of our high-quality
 we will continue to pursue rate increases where warranted.
 Domestic management liability, new business for the quarter, decreased $13 million, reflecting
 in the disruption associated with COVID-19.
 in our thoughtful underwriting
 elevated risk environment.
 domestic surety net premium net written premium was down
 twenty four million dollars in the corner
 reflecting the impact of COVID-19,
 which slowly public project procurement
 and related bond demand
 International BSI posted strong growth in the quarter,
 with record rate in our U.K. management liability business.
 Thanks for watching.
 and specialty results remain resilient
 despite the challenges brought on by COVID-19.
 these results reflect the excellent work of our agents,
 brokers and employees who have adapted to operating in new ways to continue to provide
 leading products and services, we feel confident about our ability to navigate through this
 challenging environment, and continue to deliver strong returns over time.
 And now I'll turn it over to Michael
 to discuss.
 Thanks, Tom. Good morning, everyone.
 Personal insurance segment income for the second quarter of 2020 was $10 million down from
 88 million dollars in the prior year quarter driven by a higher level of catastrophe losses
 and lower net investment income.
 These impacts were partially offset by an improvement in the underlying underwriting game.
 Our combined ratio for the quarter was 101.3%, an increase of 1.1 points,
 As a 12.5 point increase in catastrophe losses was largely offset by a 10.6 point improvement
 in the underlying combined ratio.
 The underlying combined ratio benefited from lower, non-catastrophe weather-related
 losses and lower automobile losses net of premium refunds.
 The increase of 2.6 points on the underwriting expense ratio was primarily driven by the reduction
 in net or in premiums, resulting from the auto premium refunds.
 Turning to the top line, excluding the impact of premium refunds of $216 million, net-written
 premiums per your six percent.
 You can see homeowners and other net-written premiums
 were up an impressive 13 percent and agency automobile
 on that premium is we're up 3%.
 excluding premium refunds.
 Agency Automobile delivered strong results, with a combined ratio of 85.7 percent for the
 quarter. The loss ratio improved over 12 points, while the underwriting expense ratio increased
 by about four points.
 The increase in the underwriting expense ratio
 was primarily driven by the impact of the premium
 refunds I described. The underlying combined ratio of 84.2% improved 9.6
 points relative to the prior year quarter, continuing to reflect improvements in frequency,
 primarily due to fewer miles driven as a result of the pandemic.
 Data from our Intellidrive Auto Telematics program indicates miles driven were down significantly from pre-COVID-19 levels during the second quarter.
 reaching a weekly low point in early April
 and partially rebounding as the economy has started to reopen.
 In response to our improved auto loss experience, we implemented a stay at home auto premium
 credit program for personal automobile customers.
 In the U.S., the program provided a 15% premium refund on April, May, and June premiums.
 An agency homeowner is another.
 The second quarter combined ratio was 113.9%.
 9.4 points higher than the prior year quarter.
 due primarily to higher catastrophes.
 we offset by a lower underlying combined ratio. Historically, the second quarter is our highest
 catastrophe quarter.
 In this quarter, we experienced significant storm activity, resulting in 34 points of
 catastrophe losses, an increase of 21 points compared to the prior year quarter where catastrophe
 were relatively low.
 The underlying combined ratio for the quarter was 81.4 percent down over 11 points from the prior year quarter
 driven primarily by lower non-cadastrophe weather-related losses.
 The majority of the improvement is due to elevated non-cat weather in the prior year
 quarter.
 Non-cadastrophe weather-related losses this quarter were also better than our assumptions.
 Turning to quarterly production, our domestic agency results were solid, despite the challenging
 environment resulting from COVID-19 and its related economic impacts.
 our retentions remain strong.
 Post and new business were up versus the prior year quarter,
 and we remain pleased with our policies in force growth.
 agency automobile retention with 85% and new business increased 7% from the prior year
 your quarter.
 Renewal premium change was 1.5% as we continue to moderate pricing given the improved performance
 in our book over the past few years.
 agency homeowner is another delivered another very strong quarter with retention of 87 percent
 We're doing a premium change of 7.7% and a 17% increase in new business as we continue
 to seek to improve returns while growing the business.
 Higher new business levels again benefited from the successful rollout of our Quantum
 Home 2.0 product, now available in over 40 markets.
 During the quarter, we continue to deliver new capabilities and products to our customers
 and distribution partners.
 We introduced Quantum Home 2.0 in four new states, including California.
 In addition, we launched Encello Drive 2.0, which adds distracted driving monitoring to
 of our Auto Telematics product,
 and delivers significant improvement to the user experience.
 And after reaching our goal of planting one million trees
 for customer enrollment in paperless billing.
 we extended our partnership with American Forest
 to plant another 500,000 trees by Earth Day 2021.
 To recap, personal insurance is off to a strong start in the first half of the year, particularly
 in light of a challenging environment.
 I'm proud of our team's efforts to continue to work together to meet the needs of those
 were privileged to serve while investing in the business for the future.
 And now I'll turn the call back over to Abby.
 Thanks, Michael.
 Before it begins Q&A, there's one topic that we expect might be on people's minds.
 So, we thought we would kick off Q&A by addressing it.
 So before we open up the line, I'd like to turn the call back over to Dan.
 Thanks, Abby.
 There's been some discussion by industry observers about the timing of the recognition of COVID-related losses.
 So let me reiterate that our reserves reflect our best estimate of ultimate losses incurred
 as of the balance sheet date.
 and applying accounting principles.
 We would not record a reserve for a loss that has not yet occurred as of the balance sheet
 Using auto claims as an example at the beginning of the year we have an assumption as the volume of claims
 we will see over the course of the year and what the average cost of those claims will be.
 But when we report our second quarter results, including our balance sheet loss reserves
 as of June 30th.
 Those reserves do not include estimated amounts for auto accidents that will occur at Thanksgiving
 are on New Year's Eve.
 Those would be fourth quarter events and accordingly they will be recognized in our fourth quarter results.
 This same principle applies when we consider losses related to COVID-19, while only some
 Some losses have been reported to us so far, the losses we booked in both the first and
 second quarter reflect our estimates of the ultimate amount that will pay for all losses
 in related costs that have been incurred as of June 30th, including those for which we
 we have not yet received a claim.
 In fact, as I said earlier,
 the majority of the COVID-related insurance losses.
 have booked through June 30th are still sitting in our IV&R reserves.
 That said, the pandemic is clearly not over.
 and tens of thousands of new infections
 are being confirmed in the United States each day.
 It is foreseeable that a healthcare worker, for example, who to this point has not contracted
 COVID-19 will become ill from COVID-19 as a result of their job duties in December.
 But again, that loss activity will be included in our fourth quarter results.
 We similarly would not advance the recognition of any continued favorability from lower frequency in non-coloured workers' comp clients.
 Finally, I'll remind you that on a year-to-date basis, setting aside net investment income
 The impact on our results from COVID-19 and its related effects is a net charge of about
 $50 million pre-tax. And with that, Operator, we're ready to take questions.
 Thank you.
 At this time, if you'd like to ask a question, press star one on your telephone.
 To withdraw your question, press the pound key.
 Please wait while we compile the questions.
 Your first question comes from a line of Michael Phillips, but Morgan Stanley, please go ahead.
 Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
 And thanks for the clarification, Dan, on that last comment to us.
 helpful.
 I guess someone's trying to get arms around business insurance and margins and pricing.
 You know, trying to kind of pull out the effect of COVID, you said COVID was pretty modest
 and a quarter of pricing was clearly very strong.
 Yeah, yeah, core margins improve 40 BEPS or 20 BEPS on the well side.
 both sides.
 I guess trying to understand it, does that mean, you know, and now you gave lots of great
 commentaries on pricing.
 Does that mean that the current level pricing still
 isn't enough to expand margins today or kind of how do we think about that versus the level
 conservatism that might be baked into the current numbers.
 Yeah, Michael, good morning. It's Alan. I'll start with you.
 You're going to be a response to what's on your mind at the current levels of written
 rate is in excess of loss trend.
 So, you know, looking narrowly at those factors, we are on a written basis expanding margins.
 Is that, is that what you're getting at?
 But it is, yeah, it is, I guess, you know, in business interaction you had 20 basic points of improvement.
 So, you know, not as much as maybe one would expect in a level of pricing.
 And so that's what I'm trying to get my arms around.
 Yeah, so, you know, as always, there are a number of factors that are driving the underlying
 combined ratio in the quarter and that's true for any business.
 So you've got weather, so year over year that was better and in this quarter sort of within
 And within the normal level of variability, we would expect for that.
 You've got the earned impact of rate that, as I said on both the written and earned basis,
 rate is ahead of law's trend.
 He's had improved performances in some business.
 we got some impact of COVID.
 It was modest, but not zero.
 You've got the year over year, ongoing carry-on impacts of social inflation that I'll call
 old news, what we've recognized in prior periods and they continue to roll through.
 So, you know, those are, you know, given the relative stability, we're not going to quantify
 but essentially those are the pieces.
 Okay.
 No, thank you.
 That's helpful.
 Thanks, Alan.
 I guess...
 I didn't see mention and I guess this is good news, didn't see mention of anything on the
 commercial auto side for for PYD and so maybe could you speak to kind of that piece and
 Does that mean that there's been probably some loving off of the paid activity that's
 been part of the concern there.
 Michael, it's Dan.
 Yeah, as we had last quarter, so we had some movements in PYD, some, you know, some puts
 and takes, some continued good news and comp, some continued pressure in the other line
 and building lines.
 There were small adjustments in commercial auto and the general liability lines and
 But as I said in my remarks, relatively modest compared to those reserve bases.
 Okay, thank you then.
 Your next question comes from Anna of Ryan Tinnitt with Auto Research.
 Please go ahead.
 Hey, thanks. Good morning.
 I just wanted to get a better feel for just, you know,
 forget about the net benefit from the COVID, just from the direct losses alone or the direct
 impact.
 What was the hit that that had in business and production on the combined ratio?
 business interaction specifically or business insurance?
 I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
 business insurance
 without
 without considering the offsetting benefits.
 what was just the direct loss impact,
 direct hit impact on that number.
 Yeah, Ryan it's Dan. I don't think we're gonna give the pluses and the minuses but within the within the we told you that there was a
 114 million of directly related charges.
 And while that included some charges
 for the management liability coverages
 in bond and specialty.
 majority of what we took came through business insurance.
 Okay, and then in terms of thinking about the benefits that we're seeing I think in the pre announcement
 and he said it was mostly short tail lines.
 So should we take that to me?
 I mean, first of all, outside of the short tail lines,
 Are you seeing actual to expected,
 look a little bit better in some areas in terms of frequency.
 And is that not something?
 And if so, is that something that you're not recognizing yet?
 You're being conservative and waiting to see if that continues to be the case.
 Yeah, Ryan, Dan again, so we are for sure seeing some favorable indications relative
 to what you would otherwise expect in this current environment.
 And when we look at that, there was too much favorability to simply say zero is the right
 reaction. But as Alan said in his comments and as I tried to reiterate in mind, I think
 We've been very cautious in terms of the degree to which we'd recognize any good news in anything
 other than the short tail lines, but there's some because it's very apparent in the data.
 And then just one more real quick.
 I was, I guess, a little bit surprised exposure growth held in, I think, especially in select
 lines, retention is only declined modestly.
 How should we interpret that? Is retention, is it capturing cancellations, or is that
 modest dip. You know, mostly a function of you guys taking more rain. I'm just trying
 to figure out how to interpret those numbers that seem relatively modest given what's
 in the macro landscape.
 Yeah, Ryan, this is Greg. Let me take both of those in the order that you took them. Number
 one in terms of exposure change if you're looking at relative to middle market that's
 really
 a product mix dynamic.
 In the select business, we have the thrust of the premium is two products, CMP and Workers
 com and the CMT product, the rating on that is driven more off the property than the GL.
 And so, you know, we're continuing to see pricing and inflationary pressure on the property.
 And so there's some inflationary impact that that impacts on the CMP product and so you
 You don't see as much of a drag on exposure on select that you do on the middle market
 where the GL product is more on a stand-alone rated basis.
 And then the retention overall for select,
 We certainly put our estimate of what we see in terms of business, insolvencies, bankruptcies,
 and that's all inside the 82% number.
 Thank you
 Your next question comes along with Mayor Schilt with KDW. Please go ahead.
 Thanks.
 Thanks. Greg, if I heard you correctly and you're prepared, Thomas, you talked about
 a 50 basis point increase in the lost trend.
 and that's what you could flush that out a little.
 We look at lost trends every quarter and across the full portfolio and that's obviously a headline number.
 What we did this quarter is we looked at the impact of the new economy that we see in front of us.
 of us. We also look at some of the social in place or liability dynamics that Dan just
 talked about when we roll that all up in aggregate we we believe we've got a 50
 basis points increase in our lost trend in front of us.
 The thing I'd add to that, Meyer, is that that is reflected in the, you know, underlying
 and combined ratio, we reported for the quarter
 as is a piece of that that would be
 catch up from the first quarter.
 OK, perfect.
 That last point is exactly what I was looking for.
 Yeah.
 The second question, I guess, with worker's compensation being the most vulnerable to exposure
 you in a pressure.
 Does that impact rate need on the expense ratio side?
 Check the question again.
 I'm trying to understand.
 I know that in general, workers' compensation pricing has been coming down because industry
 the experience has been good.
 but we seem to be seeing a fairly significant exposure unit headwind
 and I'm trying to get my arms around what that implies for indicated pricing.
 Yeah, you know my there's a heavy regulatory component to pricing as you know and it tends to be you know a little bit backward looking and
 and it sort of factors in the overall profitability of the line, which, as you know, has been
 and very favorable over the years.
 And that will continue to be the case.
 And so, you know, clearly, you know, exposure will be, will be one impact on profitability
 today, which will impact pricing tomorrow, but it's really hard to isolate anyone factor
 and its impact on profitability because, you know, everything goes in.
 You've got, you know, you've got, you start with your expiring rate, and then you've got,
 You know, whatever the rate change is,
 You've got exposure change.
 you got lost trends, things like that.
 So it's definitely a factor.
 It's hard to isolate, you know, what the extent of the impact is.
 Okay, understood. Thank you very much.
 The next question comes from the line of Elise Greenstein with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
 Hi, good morning.
 Can you hear me?
 No, we hear you now.
 I'm sorry, thank you.
 In terms of business insurance, I
 was hoping for the co-
 of COVID-19 losses.
 And I recognize and respond to an earlier question.
 maybe you aren't giving just the lost impact
 in business insurance, specifically by line.
 Could you give us a sense of where you saw the majority of your COVID losses that's ignoring
 the favorable impact in the second quarter, just specifically within business and time.
 Yeah, at least so so that's what I had tried to do so we took a hundred and fourteen million across the enterprise and direct
 and direct COVID losses.
 None of that was in personal insurance.
 there was some component of management liability
 within bond and specialty insurance,
 which Tom described in going through their combined ratio,
 but the majority of those dollars
 came through business insurance.
 So Lisa, you're asking for a breakdown by product line?
 Yeah, I was hoping by product line, even if not in terms of dollars, you could just give
 us...
 the sense of which business insurance product line saw the majority of your
 COVID-19.
 The largest line for sure is workers' cop, some property losses both domestically and
 internationally, and then dribs and drabs, I would say,
 and other lines, but those are the two drivers with comp by far being the largest.
 At least I'd point you to my prepared comments where I did share that there was a modest
 net impact when we look at the offsetting of the favorable frequency on some of those
 lines also.
 Okay, thanks.
 And then my second question is maybe a follow-up on the prior question on worker's comp.
 We've heard of, you know, a few folks in the industry,
 It seems like starting to point towards the bottom of cost in terms of just the pricing
 dynamics there, but if I, you know, go back to your comments
 throughout the call.
 It doesn't sound like you guys are thinking
 that's the way to climb that we've seen in that business,
 are close to coming to an end.
 So if you could just help us think about Workworth's comp in terms of the pricing dynamics there
 and whether, you know, we might hit an inflection.
 And I'm not just talking 2020, perhaps, you know, into 2021 as well.
 Yeah, at least that's a great question when you when you look at the information coming out of some of the reading bureaus and when we look at our
 You know, we would say that we are sort of at or near a bottom in workers' comprising.
 Okay, that's helpful. One last numbers question. Could you give us, you said that they were
 small numbers, but could you give us a sense of the dollars in terms of the adverse development
 within general liability and commercial multi-parallel
 in the quarter.
 We're not going to do that at least. They're all pretty modest.
 Okay. Thank you. I appreciate the color.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from David Moltmaethen with Evercar. Please go ahead.
 Thanks.
 Good morning.
 And, you know, I appreciate the comments that you made just before the Q&A,
 And I guess I'm just wondering if you could give us some sense of, you know, how you're
 We're thinking about COVID related adverse impacts throughout the rest of the year.
 It's looking through your portfolio of exposures and thinking how it might be affected by
 like COVID, even if the losses haven't occurred yet
 in the first half.
 And you have the exposure and you think there's a possibility that there could be a loss on it.
 just wondering to get some thoughts there.
 They are figured I'd take a shot at that.
 David, good morning, it's Alan.
 Let me start with that.
 And if I just.
 anything I'll invite Dan to take it up. But we're not going to forecast your future losses,
 Our obligation under GAAP is to report, you know, the, you know, incurred and unreported
 losses as of the balance sheet date and that's what we've done. It's hard to forecast the
 There's some uncertainty.
 We don't know the trajectory of the disease.
 We don't know when we're gonna have a vaccine.
 We don't know, you know, what the outlook for the economy is, and frankly, it's, you
 you know, probably the uncertainties for the economy
 have the biggest impact of the pandemic on us.
 But I do think it's relevant to why we pointed it out a few times, that our net loss is going
 the first half of the year where net charges were about 50 million bucks, putting aside
 the investment side and and we've you know put up that net number with the
 with a high degree of caution.
 So I can't give you a number.
 So I tried in my sort of line by line review to tell you some of the factors that we think
 about.
 But I, you know, I think, you know, it's not, it's not irrelevant to that assessment
 to think about our experience in the first half of the year.
 Thank you.
 Okay, great. That's helpful. Appreciate that, Alan.
 And then just one more.
 So excluding workers comp, the renewal rate change,
 So it was pretty strong.
 You said double digits.
 if we get a finer point put on that and then just sort of how that compares versus the
 the last few quarters, and also sort of thinking about it.
 And I think Dan, you had mentioned, you're
 looking at lost trend of 5% now and what they've been thinking, and that's, I guess, what
 to be comparing to the 7.4% renewal rate change that you got in the quarter?
 Yeah, I think that's the right stand. I think that's the right way to think about raid versus trend and
 And that's about, that's the ballpark I think we said previously that trend was around four
 and a half percent in BI and we're taking it up about about a half a point in the current
 quarter.
 You've got to look at that in relation to the pricing momentum as well, and I think Greg
 I could correct me if I'm wrong, but the pricing momentum you see in this quarter is a reflection
 of is a reflection of the strength of the market and the continued need for rate.
 Yeah, the only thing I'd add there is to your point, you know outside of comp all of our products were positive
 And so, you know, we feel great about that execution and mostly the changes line up with
 where the rate need is also.
 Okay, great. And if I could just sneak one more in on the adverse development in general liability.
 I'm hoping to get a little bit more color in terms of what you saw in the quarter that,
 But I guess what brought you to make that change is I thought that I would think that
 would be, you know, nothing really accelerated during the quarter, or was it more just a
 view of, you know, or was it more just an ongoing review that resulted in the change
 there?
 Yeah.
 So it's more the...
 Okay.
 And remember, as we're doing reserve reviews, especially in long tail lines like those,
 you're looking more backwards at your data.
 So the actual lost environment of May and June,
 in June, we're aware of it, but it's not really,
 You don't have enough time to gather all that data and fully factor it into the reserve
 view that you're making at that time. So a little more of that is still backward
 looking in terms of the way things have developed, say, through the first quarter.
 And again, the stand notes, again the stand notes and his remarks, those were, you know, relatively small movements.
 great understood.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from the line of Paul Newsom with Piper Sandler, please go ahead.
 You've hit the big ones for me, but one just quick one.
 From an investment perspective, do you have expectations that we would see increased defaults
 as well come through and I guess the people see and realize and is that sort of booked
 into the investment expectations
 that you gave us this quarter as well.
 I'm thinking actually the faults that we might see from the recession.
 Yeah, Paul and Stan, we gave a fair amount of detail and did a fair amount of commentary
 on the construct of the investment portfolio and our comfort level with the way we thoughtfully
 invested and we've given you an update of that investment detail again in the
 appendix of the webcast presentation this quarter, so I wouldn't say more than we said
 that I think last quarter in terms of feeling really good
 about the way we've managed risk on the asset side
 balance sheet clearly we're aware of and looking and looking at and have a
 a regular process to assess credit impairment and default rates, and all of that stuff is
 picked into our numbers, but it's really, it's really not a big, big impact I'm
 as given is the thoughtful investment approach in the first place.
 Has ratings migration had much of an impact yet, if at all, on the capital calculations
 for you guys?
 Uh, no it is not.
 Great, so thank you
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from a line of Brian Meredith with UVS. Please go ahead
 Yeah.
 Thanks.
 She's two quick ones here.
 first one.
 What was the impact of premium adjustments
 on the BI written premium this quarter, like Comp and Sandpig.
 I'm not sure I understand the question, Brian.
 For workers like reevaluating, like what employment stuff is on workers comp, you usually do it
 in the fourth quarter, but where there's any kind of,
 No.
 early ones where you adjusted premium kind of to reflect what's going to look like to
 the year?
 Yes.
 when we do it in the fourth quarter,
 I think what you're referring to maybe as we do it at the when the policy period has ended,
 There has been some, and we've been open to it, there's been some more requests by customers
 to do some of that midterm, but all of that's baked into our production statistics and the
 the written premium numbers we reported for the quarter, Brian, and I guess we could break
 out that one piece.
 Okay.
 Thanks.
 Second, just a quick question just to understand the 50 basis points of increase in trend
 in the BI.
 Is that inclusive of what you're seeing with respect to COVID-19 and maybe the benefits
 or adverse stuff you're seeing on COVID-19, or is that more related to what's going on
 with just general kind of tort inflation and some of the increase you saw in your GL reserves
 and your CMP reserves.
 I think we're, we consider everything Brian and included in there and there are some puts
 the net of the puts and takes was a half a point increase to the trend.
 Great.
 Just on that, following on that.
 Alan, you made some comments about maybe some favorable stuff
 having the court system as far as some early quick settlements.
 but in general, what you kind of take
 on what's going on with tort right now.
 it could we potentially see an increase in tort inflation,
 you know, as a result, what's going on with COVID-19?
 Yeah, I mean, I think we certainly could and that's one of the reasons why we're such big proponents of liability reform
 I think it's important in terms of making sure we're protecting the nation's recovery
 from the pandemic.
 You know, I think you hear a lot of rhetoric out there on that topic, but, you know, everything
 we see and everything we're anticipating is in that lost random.
 Great, thank you.
 Thank you.
 And we have time for one more question
 Coming from the line of Jamie Buller with JPMorgan, please go ahead.
 Good morning.
 First I had a question on just the commercial auto business, if you could talk about what
 you're seeing in terms of frequency is that picking up as traffic's been increasing recently
 And then, relatedly, just your views on the rate adequacy in that line.
 And given that you've been raising prices for a while, or do you think you've been raising
 need to go up further.
 Hi, this is Gamora, this is Greg, yet we certainly have seen some favorable frequency activity
 as the shelter at home has taken place, certainly not to the levels of personal insurance.
 And just as a reminder, in commercial auto, it's a little unique and personal where we
 We do have layup credits or premium credits when there's limited use, and so there's
 There's a slight offset as we see that frequency.
 of mechanisms to give that back.
 That was the economy is starting to reopen.
 we're seeing that frequency moderate.
 Okay.
 And on the personal auto side, are you assuming or expecting additional refunds in the third
 quarter as well. So we don't we don't have further refunds planned in personal
 auto you know I think I think like many we're looking forward at what rate
 adequacy over time and looking at more traditional mechanisms, like rate filings, to make sure
 rates in line with lost trend and lost cost in personal auto that the refunds
 for a mechanism to respond to an acute issue
 during the early days of the pandemic
 sort of the way we're thinking about it.
 Okay.
 And just lastly, you mentioned majority of the COVID losses
 or related to workers comp.
 You didn't really mention anything about business interruption.
 And I'm assuming those losses were pretty modest,
 But is that more because you haven't seen a lot of claims
 submission or is it just your view?
 You have seen submissions, but your view is that those claims are uninsured, given the
 the policy language.
 Yeah, we've certainly seen some submissions and there's some, you know, claim activity
 around it and even some litigation around it. As we've noted, we've got provisions in
 our policies that we think make that coverage inapplicable, and so we don't expect many
 of those claims actually to pay out.
 It's Dan, one related comment to that, even where we don't expect it ultimately to pay
 the indemnity on the loss, we have acknowledged in our reserves the fact that we'll spend
 some money defending against claims
 that come in for business interruption.
 Okay, and on COVID, is that the line
 where you see the most uncertainty in terms of claim,
 given what happens in terms of litigation activity or there are other lines where there's not
 a lot of clarity based on what's happened so far.
 You know, I don't think there's a lot of uncertainty around business interruption.
 I mean, certainly there's some, because there's some litigation, and there's always uncertainty
 when you have litigation, but, you know, we've got the requirement for direct fiscal damage.
 We've got two courts that have upheld that so far, and we've got a specific virus exclusion
 in our standard policy form so we don't actually see a lot of uncertainty there and we don't
 you know, that to be a material loss contributor for us.
 No, please.
 Thank you.
 I will now turn the call back over to Addy for closing remarks.
 Thank you all for joining us this morning.
 appreciated. As always, if there's any follow-up, please get in touch with
 with investor relations and we're happy to answer your questions.
 and be well, and have a good day.
 Thanks.
 This concludes today's conference call.
 I'll disconnect.