 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Telecom's full year of 2019 results conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star 1 on your telethon. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Mr. Andy Setiawan. Thank you. Please go ahead. Before we start, let me remind you that today's call and the response to the questions may contain forward-looking statements, including the meaning of safe harbor. Actual results could differ naturally from projections, estimations, or expectations for it during today's call. This may enforce risk and uncertainty and may cause actual results to this call. Mr. Sahari M. Chen as Finance Director, Mr. UHealthy Abidin as Network and IT Solutions Director, Mr. Edwin Arifat Istedaman as Wholesale and International Service Director, Mr. Boghi Potongiro as Enterprise wants to reach out to our audience not only upon us, but still have December 9th. Hello, Mr. Alanまあ, Mr. Aslam Ibuong do not look too, but I will utilize yes. But far, Dr. UHealthy Abidin as Network and IT Solutions Director, Dr. Edwin Arish OR Hanwani as General Services Director, Mr. Adwin Arishyawan as Mach nadirond International Service Director, Mr. Boghi Vichaksono as Enterprise and Business Service Director, Ms. Siti Hoiriana as Consumer Service Director, Mr. Ahmad Sugiarto as Strategy Portfolio Director, Mr. Faisal F. Jumadi as Digital Business Director, and Mr. Eddie Ucara as Human Capital Management Director. Also present are the Board of Directors of Telecom Sales, Mr. Setianto Hantoro as President Director, Mr. Hedy Supriyadi as Finance Director, and Ms. Rachel Goh as Marketing Director. I now hand over the call to our CEO, Mr. Derik Adrian Shah. Thank you, Andy. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our conference call for the full year of 2019 result. We really appreciate your participation in this call. Ladies and gentlemen, for the full year of 2019, our fixed broadband business in the home became the engine of growth and continue to demonstrate a strong performance. Mobile digital business also showed strong growth on the back of solid data traffic in line with 4G network quality and coverage. In the meantime, enterprise business experience has gone as we deliberately reduced our exposure on so much in business and partly due to such utility. For the full year of 2019, Telecom managed to book a 3.7% year-on-year growth in revenue to 135.6 trillion rupiah, while EBITDA and net income grew by 9.5% and 3.5% year-on-year respectively. As a result of modest growth in total expense of 1.3%. Our EBITDA margin recovered 37.8%, or 2.6 percentage point, increased from the end of 2018. Gas flows from operating activities reached historical high of 54.9 trillion rupiah, or jumped by 20.3% year-on-year. Fixed broadband business through IndieHome became the growth driver. Continuing its strong performance, the revenue grew by 28.1% year-on-year. While in mobile business, telecom-side digital business grew strongly by 23.1% and successfully compensated legacy business decline. Ladies and gentlemen, during full year of 2019, our fixed broadband IndieHome posted remarkable performance. IndieHome added 2 million new subscribers during the year of 2019, to reach 7 million subscribers. IndieHome contributed 18.3 trillion rupiah in revenue, or jumped 28.1% year-on-year. In an effort to generate more revenues, we continued to push around sales such as upgrade speed, upsell to triple-play, mini-packs packages, move-in, and additional set-up boxes. This advance contributed to around 13.6% of total income revenue in full year of 2019. In line with the higher economic scale, we successfully improved IndieHome EBITDA margin from 25.6% in 2018 to 33.9% in 2019, getting closer to global standards. In 2020, we touched it to add another 700,000 new subscribers, lower than last year due to floods in the beginning of the year, and also the COVID-19 pandemic. Ladies and gentlemen, on the mobile side, digital business through provision of high-quality broadband, connectivity, connectivity, and quality of digital services become the main growth engines. Digital business increased significantly by 23.1% to $58.2 trillion, driven by 22.3% increase in data and 29% in digital services. In 2019, digital business accounted for 63.9% of total income sales revenue, increased significantly from 53.0% for the same period a year ago. In the meantime, the commercial legacy business continued to decline due to natural transition from legacy to web data together with the various OTCs and business. Overall, the commercial financial and business performance in the full year of 2019 recorded revenue EBITDA and net income growth of 2.1%, 3.7%, and 1.0% respectively. EBITDA margin improved by 0.9% to 54% amidst the granting legacy business. Let it be simple, we continue our strategy to protect high-value customers by providing services according to their personalities, and at the same time, we pay a lot more attention to the youth market by giving attractive choices through digital channels. We keep investing to setting network quality and coverage to provide the best experience for our customers. We deployed more than 23,000 new BDSs during the full year of 2019 over 4G-based. By the end of 2019, TACOM sales on FBTS totaled around 212,000 units, 36.3% of which were 3G and 4G to support the TAC traffic that increased by 53.6% year-on-year. Our enterprise business declined by 11.2% year-on-year, as we intentionally reduced low-margin business and shifted our focus on more profitable services such as data center and cloud, and also the cyclicality of characteristics. In an effort to strengthen data center and cloud business, we are bidding more than 3,000 BDS of data center, and the first stage is expected to commence a person in April next year. In the long run, we plan to bid another 6,000 BDS of data center. Our wholesale international business segment recorded 10.6 trillion in revenue, or grew by 5.2% compared to the same period last year. This segment is the enabler for either segment in TACOM group, in particular for mobile business. Its role is very important and strategic in providing internal support, while at the same time also serves external customers, which is reflected in TACOM consolidated results. Wholesale and international business contributed around 7.8% of total consolidated group revenue. In 2019, TACOM group spent 36.6 trillion of capital expenditure, or 27% of revenue, mainly utilized to enhance our mobile and fixed-line network infrastructures. In mobile services, CAPEC was utilized to further improve quality and capacity, as well as IP system enhancement. While in fixed-line business, CAPEC was primarily utilized to develop fiber-based access and backbone infrastructures to support fixed, as well as mobile broadband businesses. A small portion of CAPEC was assigned to other projects such as TOWAR. COVID-19 outbreak that we experienced since early 2020 has an undeniable impact on the overall economy, including the telco industry. While we conduct our technical action to help alleviate the impact of the COVID-19 crisis, we anticipate that our performance this year will be quite effective, especially in the pandemic previous towards at least the third quarter. Due to high uncertainty caused by the COVID-19, we are still unable to provide any guidance for 2020. Nevertheless, since the end of the first quarter this year, we have been performing strict cost-cutting measures as part of our commitment to maintain profitability. In an effort to maintain equity and coverage, we tend to spend CAPEC of around 25% of revenue in 2020. That is ending my remark. Thank you. Thank you, Patrick. We will now begin the session. Using your questions, please speak clearly and state your name and your company. Operator, may we have the first question, please? Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session. If you wish to ask a question, please press TAR1 on your telephone and wait for your name to be announced. If you wish to cancel your request, please press the panel hash key. Please know there will be a short pause as the questions are being collated. We thank you for your patience. Your first question comes from the line of Myang Chuen-Ko from Goldman Sachs. Please ask your question. Hi. Good afternoon. So, three questions from me. Firstly, can we have an update on the mobile competition that we are seeing year-to-date? You know, have there been any significant change compared to last year? Secondly is on your digital service. You talked about, obviously, that being a very key driver of growth. I'm wondering whether, for TelcomSel, are they able to also monetize on some of those services, like, let's say, video streaming or mobile financial services, or are we simply monetizing largely through selling data for that? And then lastly, wondering on ED&D home, right? I mean, what is sort of the normalized or longer-term EBITDA margins that we can probably get to? You know, we're seeing, obviously, a very nice increase in margins last year. Thank you. Hi, I'm Rachel. TelcomSel. Just addressing your first question regarding competition. So, if referring to year 2019, we see that none of the other competitors in the top three have achieved any significant monetization of data, which is pretty much stated. In terms of the – and also to take note that for digital data revenue, TelcomSel still managed to achieve a significant share in terms of the revenue for data. And pricing-wise, it still remains – it was very competitive in terms of price in 2019, especially towards the end, when you saw one of the top three operators here, when going into Unlimited, which pushed their RPMB extremely low. The question would be then, what's next after the Unlimited offering? We also see, in terms of competition, increased competition in XJava because of the expansion of our competitors' network into XJava. And hence, you know, it's how they play the prime game to achieve revenue share. In XJava itself, we've seen it pretty stable and it's something which could be an opportunity for TelcomSel. I hope that has responded to your question on competition. From TelcomSel's point of view, we will continue to focus on renewals, on maintaining competitiveness in our network quality, and also especially in our high-value segments who are very concerned with quality and also the variety of packages and non-data services that we offer. Which leads me to the next point about, yes, we are monetizing not only for data, we are also growing in terms of our gaming business as well as our video business. Thank you. Okay, for the third question, at least for the next couple of years, we believe the EBITDA margin will gradually move towards mid-30 level, so around 35% level. And then we hope in the long run it could be getting stronger as we've been strengthening the digital touch points, whereby make it easier for customers to reach us. And at the end it would reduce the O&M costs, which helps the EBITDA. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Piyush Chaudhary from HSBC. Please ask your question. Yeah, hi. Good afternoon. A couple of questions. Firstly, the question for Ms. Rachel. For telecom sell, for 2020 and kind of medium term, is the strategy now to maintain the market share, revenue market share, or is it to improve the revenue market share? And if you can share what are the initiatives taken to achieve such goals? And how has been the response to the Buy.U product, if you can share that? Secondly, on the impact of COVID, could you specifically share how is the impact on the non-mobile business, particularly the enterprise business? And thirdly, could you share what are the various cost efficiency initiatives taken by the company to maintain or improve the margin? Thank you. Hi. Rachel here. So address on your 2020 question number one strategy. Regarding revenue market share, improve or maintain, of course. As an organization, we always want to increase our revenue market share. However, we will always focus on sustainability and health of the revenue market share. So this is very much in line. Revenue market share leadership is key for us. And also that is supported by our aim to, you know, keep investing in our network to make sure the quality is very good because we will be focused on high quality and high value segment of our customer base. And what initiatives we have put in place so far, so you have seen how we have pushed out a variety of new products, such as our Quotas Ketenggan, which is our sachet packages, as well as Combo Sakti. As far as in the Harlow post-take space, we've been pushing out Harlow cake. I think in the first half of this year, this was the, you know, the three star pieces we pushed out. And although the RPMB has declined, what has been very, very encouraging for us is that the ARPU has been accretive. So here it shows that there is demand for telecom sales network quality. There is still potential for growth in payload. So the pricing work we have done in end of Q4 2019 is starting to reap results for us. So to answer you, yes, we want to continue to maintain and improve our revenue market share. We put in initiatives with variety. So slightly adjusting our PRMB down, but focusing on ARPU and growth in the high value segment. And in terms of Bayou, we are starting to see that the Bayou base that come online is exactly what we're going after, the digital segment. So the numbers aren't big, but they're improving. And what is important to note is that ARPU and the data utilization of the Bayou base is actually high compared to the average customer. So that's what we hope that answers your question. Yes, it does. Thank you. Sorry, Papias. On the second question, you're asking about impact of COVID. Which particular? Yeah. No, specifically within the non-mobile segments, if you could share what's the kind of impact on the enterprise business? What should we expect in 2020? Okay. Yeah. Hi, Piyush. Harry here. So we have started to see a few events such as project getting delayed or even getting cancelled. And, you know, some clients have also either reduced their spendings or total return from some of our services, especially those who are in the adversely impacted industry such as hospitality transportation and property. There's also been some payment delay or request to restructure the contract as well as the payment. And also because of the lack of mobility of people because the situation, delivery of the project have also been delayed. We have been unable to determine the quantity of this as this is very dynamic. But admittedly, we have seen those things happening in the past couple of months. Got it. Thanks, Parkhari. And the cost initiatives, cost out initiatives? We've been doing various things from the O&M as well as some of the personnel costs like trainings, some GMA costs. It is in our strong intention to keep the same kind of EBITDA margin and net income margin within this year as what we have in 2019 for the entire group. You know, and it's important. Sure. Thank you. And then you have to take some examples of the marketing and sales activities. I think it's some of the marketing and sales activities. With the current condition, we use more digital channels right now compared to people. So for example, the non-traditional channel already is available around 60% of the total of the activities in the sales. This also impacts our cost of marketing itself. We see this going to be sometime in the future, but this is the trend. Although we still also need to manage the traditional channel as we see the traditional as part of the B2B business in the future. Thank you, Bob. Your next question comes from the line of Colleen McCallum from Credit Suisse. Please ask your question. Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions from me. First of all, just on IndyHome, you mentioned 700,000 target for this year. You also mentioned flooding, and I think first quarter was particularly bad. But other than that issue in first quarter, intuitively one would have thought the demand would be quite strong given work from home and homeschooling, et cetera. So is it a kind of lack of end user demand you're seeing in addition to the flooding? Or is it sort of difficulty accessing homes because people don't want engineers to come to their home to be connected because they're worried about the virus? A little bit more color on why the net ad numbers are less than a million would be helpful. Second question related to that, if you're only looking at 700,000 net ads, why would your capex to sales ratio not fall a bit more? I think it's falling from 27 to 25, you said. Why would it not be falling more? Is it related to the data center build out? If you could give us a bit more color on that pack, Harry, that would be good. And then third question, just a kind of housekeeping one, the impairment charge of 1.2 trillion. What was the background to that distributor? What is the remaining book value that you have in your accounts? Is it likely that we'll face another impairment on that later? Those are my three questions. Thank you. Yeah, okay. On Indie Home, yes, Pauline, the work from home and learn from home situation have helped quite a bit in terms of increasing our sales volume. But we are anticipating that this will not last forever, even for the new customers. We are anticipating that likely some of them will either reduce their subscription or totally churn from the new subscription that they just sign up. But you are also right that there's been some, because of the spreading out of the virus, the mobilization of our technicians has somewhat been hampered as well. So we have not been able to operate throughout the country, especially in those we have here, like what we call red zones. So that's for the Indie Home. In terms of CAPEX, some other purposes are still there. The new one is, like you mentioned, is the data center one. That would cost us around slightly more than 700 billion rupees for this year. There will be some more CAPEX next year. And also to enhance the CAPEX in TAMCOM cell, particularly 4G. There's also some CAPEX we will spend for towers and for the IP enhancement both in TAMCOM cell, SLA and SLA and SLA and SLA and SLA and SLA and SLA and SLA and SLA and SLA and SLA and SLA. For the impairment charge, this is due to the decline of the share price of the company from more than 900 rupiah, by, in the beginning of 2019, to around 300 rupiah at the end of 2019. So this is purely an accounting treatment that we have to do, but in the company's book itself, the book value, the remaining book value, still stood around 500 billion rupiah as per end of 2019. We are exploring ways to mitigate potential for the risk with regards to this, but the reverse thing could happen, right? If the share price strengthened, then, you know, we will see some reverse thing to happen. I think to have an explanation on the carpet, part of the carpet basically are coming from the top of the tower. We can tell you, actually, this is mainly driven by the demand. Demand may a lot increase from year on year. In addition, we need to maintain the quality we provide to our customers earlier in order for the newness compared to our competitors. So this is based on all the aspects of our strategy. That's why we are, I think, we think that our carpet going to be about the same this year, because even with the digitalization trend, we need to bring more for the capacity and quality. Got it very clear. Thank you. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Arthur Pineda from Citigroup. Please ask your question. Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Several questions, please. Firstly, on the enterprise segment, what drove the big loss in enterprise in the fourth quarter? So you're basically booking segmental profits until nine months and booked a massive loss in 4Q, even though there was a big jump in revenues. Can we get clarification there? Second question is with Telkomsel. What can be done to address the revenue market share slippage? So if you look at Citigroup's recent disclosure, you could see that revenue growth still lagged versus peers. We know that your network is already far better versus everyone else. But what needs to be done so that you can grow alongside market? And that question is housekeeping questions. Were there any other one-offs for the period? Thank you. Thank you. Okay. I think you can see in the entire 2019, we still have a growth in the data. I think on this one, during the, you can see in the entire 2019, we still have a growth in the data. Even further, in figure, you can see in the, although we are not officially released our first quarter of this year, we can see in our compressed cost, our quarter by quarter of this year, we can see in the market, we can also maintain our quality of . If you want to add some more color on that. Yeah, I'll address the point about, sorry, couldn't hear clearly. I'll address the point about Telkomsel's revenue market share footage. So, overall revenue share is dropped mainly because of our legacy, which is still in decline. As you know, compared to the other players, our voice revenues are still significantly higher. However, if you drill down into the data and digital revenues, I think we are still doing quite well with a data revenue share of 62% amongst the big three. So, for you to grow alongside market, we need to wait for the legacy revenues to be similar to what you have with your other peers? It will continue to decline. At the same time, we are also taking measures to continue to increase our network investments to try to drive up our data revenues as rapidly as possible to be able to, you know, make up for that decline in legacy as much as we can and also in other digital ventures that we have. I understand. I understand. Maybe additional info from here. You can see our network figure right now. Only about 50,000 of . The rest is actually data. 200,000. Most of investment already goes to the data. We expect by growing of the payload and also some additional service on this one. The long-term objective of us, besides the legacy going to decline, we are able to maintain a stable and healthy margin both in . After for your first question on enterprise, in fourth cluster, we have to book some additional provision for double account in the business. I think that's part of most of the reason to find the performance decline. Yeah. Thanks, Bakari. Is it possible to disclose what that number would be so we can better see the outlook for FY20? The provision in fourth quarter? Yes. Slightly below $400 billion. Around $380-390 billion. Okay. Understood. And are there any other one-off items being booked in the period? Besides the impairment that we just talked about, there's nothing else. Understood. Thank you. Thank you. You're welcome. Your next question comes from the line of French and Sharma from JP Morgan. Please ask your question. Hi. Good afternoon and thank you for the call. A couple of questions from my side. Firstly, with the impact of COVID, have you seen any change in consumer behavior in the first quarter and also in April and May? Have you seen a movement of customers between operators, same consolidation, rising spend? If you can share any color, that would be helpful. Second question is on dividend. Has there been an announcement made on it and how should we think of the policy? Lastly, can you share any update on any regulatory changes that might be impending in Indonesia? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. Well, on the first question, impact of COVID and the change of customer behavior. Let me say, I already mentioned to you, for example, mobile, now more people using the modern channel and digital channel, which is around 60 percent of total transactions happen in the digital channel. Again, actually, the traditional channel also, maybe 20%, they are not really operating. But with the digital channel, I think spread across the country, we still maintain to have the similar picture of the . I think if we see this one, we can see actually this is a good trend for us. Besides, in fact, we still need a traditional channel when we develop a new business later and what is the, I think, this traditional digital channel going to be in the future and what is the impact of the customer. More now, I think the traffic itself in the customer base, they consume the traffic actually at home. So, I think, again, the traditional channel in the center of the, I think, crowd not necessarily becoming a point of the transaction. They are using, again, digital channel to do this transaction. So, I think a lot of the change in the customer behavior in which they are becoming much more digital now compared to people. Yeah, maybe adding to that, we also have seen tremendous usage of internet in our network through IndyHome. The latest data that we can share was 9.6 terabytes per second. That was by early April, which was 11% increase from mid-March when the pandemic literally started in Indonesia. So, 11% increase in two weeks. And also, in terms of sales volume or new installation volume of IndyHome per day, at the end of March and in April until maybe the beginning of May, we saw like around 8,000 to 10,000 per day. Even though now has somewhat reduced to the, you know, quote-unquote normal level of around 5,000 to 6,000 new installation per day. For your second question, Ranjan, on dividend, we, as we speak, we have still been communicating with the Ministry of State on Enterprise in terms of the, you know, the dividend that we will for sure, for sure, we will announce it at our AGM on the 19th of June. And in the, I think the first question, on the, I think some applications that are very popular right now, like Zoom, Teams, and even our own application, becoming more and more digital in doing their work. Sorry, hi. I had a question on the regulatory changes, if anything is impending. And sorry, earlier the line was unclear, but did, had you mentioned that there will be like 700,000 net ads on IndyHome this year? Thank you. Sorry, you're asking about number of customers or data? A number of customers, net ads on IndyHome for this year. Oh, yeah. That's the target of additional new customers in IndyHome for this year. It is around 700,000. Okay. The last question. Okay. On the regulatory issue, there's no, I think, regulatory. The last one is about email registration as already done and implemented. The rest is we are still waiting on . But I think we don't have any new updates on this line. I'm not sure whether you are aware that there's a recent change in the corporate tax number. So, starting this year, it would be 19%. For the public companies. For the public companies. For the public companies. For the public companies. For public companies. For the public companies. That has 40% floating tax.ênciaấy. All the private companies. Yeah. tax number. So starting this year, it would be 19% for publicly listed companies. That has 40% floating. All the private companies from 25% of income tax becoming 22% of income tax. That I think some incentive that government has given to the companies during this COVID situation. All right. Thank you so much. Your next question comes from the line of friends. Jura Jangasingam from Macquarie. Please ask your question. Hi. Thank you for the opportunity. Two questions from me, please. First of all, you know, following up on the regulatory question, given what COVID has done to the industry, do you think that there is an increased likelihood of industry consolidation taking place post-COVID, or even as soon as 2020, or do you think there's still too much uncertainty around the spectrum situation to force this? And related to that, you know, do you see the competition facing increased network issues and potentially monetization issues, given this COVID pandemic, and what do you think happens next on this front? Thank you. First, I am going to answer the number to present the second on the how is the monetization. I think with the COVID and with the growth of the data, we have a lot of experience by all the operators. We do expect that all the operators are already aware that we need some more capacity and quality as well to serve the people in the country. So, with this, I think, without thinking about monetization, with the profit margin that our competitors already have made today, it is supposed to be kind of, I think, rational for them, not coming to more, let's say, intense competition in the pricing. I think it is better to monetizing this one. We already see one of the competitors, although they provide the unlimited, but the unlimited, based on the situation, the customer needs to consume the main quota, which means they are still thinking about, I think, monetization on this one. The other one, I know that they are trying to reduce the unlimited package, because with this capacity demand, they need to invest more. I think without a justified price, they are not going to make any margin. I think they are supposed to be making a bit more rational thinking on how to monetize the RFMD. And I think the consolidation of both COVID, it is quite difficult to answer the question. It is supposed to be from a long, long time ago. We believe that, I think, maximum power of the operators is going to be better for the industry. The less number of operators becoming healthier in the industry, I think the layer is going to be more rational. We still believe this is supposed to be based on business rationality. So, whenever it is going to happen, basically, we support the industry consolidation, because that is going to make the industry healthier. Based on, I think, consideration that the government is going to do things also with respect to monetization. Has there been any clarity with regards to the spectrum in the consolidation process, or is that still the big unknown? I think it is still unknown on that one. But if you ask further, when we think about 5G, I think spectrum needed is supposed to be bigger. That can be also another reason for consolidation to happen. Okay, just to add some of the point on top of what we just said. I think post-COVID, the need of the industry to become healthier is in the bigger interest of everybody. So, it means that there could be, of course there isn't one of them, but, and also can be somewhat like, as is what Ari mentioned, is monetizing the network in a better way. So, we do expect that all operators can be more rational in the competition. Okay, thank you. Thank you. Once again, ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone. Your next question comes from the line of Nicole Margaronis from Danarexa. Please ask your question. Yeah. Good afternoon, and thank you for the opportunity. Two questions which arise from some news that surfaced from media. First is about potential monetization of towers, and secondly, the potential partnership with Netflix. So, if you can give us some color on these two topics. And whether you believe if adding Netflix into your product portfolio would increase the ARPU. And maybe one more question on, we see that data yield for TelecomCell for the fourth quarter coming down, and we heard about Synctel commentary on TelecomCell. This data yield came down further in first year 2020. And, yeah, and how to connect this with your argument that the competition will moderate going forward this year? Thank you. Okay. I'll take the tower question. Yeah. We are not in a hurry to do any monetization in our tower business. I think that the way we see this business is somewhat different probably compared to any other operators or any other independent tower providers. So, we see it as an important enabler to support our business, particularly our mobile business. Having said that, we are open for any obviously benefit, if there's any clear benefit from monetization, but not in the near term. So, but we do realize the importance of power, especially when 5G comes around, whereby, you know, we need a better or more density of powers if we have 5G. Okay. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. Please. Go ahead. Oh, yeah. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you, Paredic. Basically, what are the options for you available? Is that widening your tower portfolio or taking it IPO? Or, yeah, what are the options for towers in front of you? Thank you. Well, we are basically open for any option. We are not, you know, as of now, we are not seriously thinking any particular option. And, as I said earlier, Panico, we are not really in a hurry to execute anything with regard to our business monetization any time soon. Okay. Okay. Thank you, Bahari. Thank you, Bahari. Okay, Panico, and the second question is on the Netflix. We are in the middle of discussion with them, and so far it's progressing quite well. The discussion was focusing on two things. One is on the compliance with the regulatory, and the second one is the protection of the subscribers. So, I believe we are closing the gap between the two, and once this is in the acceptable effort, we're going to be opening the access to Netflix, both in Indie Home and Telkomsel. And also, like your question on the, is this part of our plan is increasing our focus of our output. Yes, actually video, like YouTube, and many other content is one of the reasons people using data connectivity. The thing is we need to provide, I think, a good option for our customers, you know, just for them to stay with us, and also to increase the consumption of data, and also we should make some also profit out of these services. I think many other, more besides of the video, we have game and et cetera, and I think digital services in order to increase the output that we have. And your question on the third question, but how is the other, in things that I've called this, I think, statement saying that probably the data, or I think data yield can be lower. That can be possible. What we actually might focus on is to increase the productivity of our customers in order to increase the output in total. As long as we can have that one. That's why we have, like say, the package, daily package to our customers, because we have the relevant demand on daily people that purchase that package. In addition to that one, it's also only available for, like say, one day, three day, et cetera. This is going to increase the consumption of our customers. In addition, it's going to increase the output in total. So, we now sacrifice our profitability on this one, but more, I think, kind of creativity to increase the pool and the earn and maintain the profitability because some of this capacity already is there. Okay. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to have conference back to Mr. Andy Setiawan for closing remarks. Please continue. Thank you, everyone, for participating in today's call. And should you have any further questions, please feel free to contact us directly. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect. Disconnect. Thank you for our support. Please come to a