Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for spending by and welcome to Telekom's full year of 2019 results conference call. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question and answer session. To ask a question during the session, you will need to press star 1 on your telephone. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Mr. Andy Setiawan. Thank you. Please go ahead. Before we start, let me remind you that today's call and the response to the questions may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of safe harbor. Actual results could differ materially from projections, estimations, or expectations voiced during today's call. This may involve risks and uncertainties and may cause actual results to differ. Mr. Hari M. Sen as Finance Director, Mr. Yuhalfi Abidin as Network and IT Solutions Director, Mr. Edwin Aris Tiawan as Wholesale and International Service Director, Mr. Bogie Wijaksono as Enterprise and Business Service Director, Ms. Siti Hoiriana as Consumer Service Director, Mr. Ahmad Sugiyarto as Strategy Portfolio Director, Mr. Faisal M. Jumadi as Digital Business Director, and Mr. Eddy Wicara as Human Capital Management Director. Also present are the Board of Directors of Telekomsel, Mr. Setianto Hantoro as President Director, Mr. Harry Supriyadi as Finance Director, and Ms. Rachel Goh as Marketing Director. I now hand over the call to our CEO, Mr. Diriq Adriansa. Please, Mr. Diriq. Thank you, Andy. Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our conference call for the full year of 2019 results. We really appreciate your participation in this call. Ladies and gentlemen, for the full year of 2019, our fixed broadband business in Diroam became the engine of growth and continued to demonstrate a strong performance. Global digital business also showed strong growth on the back of solid data traffic in line with 4G network quality and coverage. In the meantime, enterprise business experienced a downturn as we deliberately reduced our exposure on low-margin business and partly due to cyclical activity. For the full year of 2019, Telekomsel booked a 3.7% year-on-year growth in revenue to Rp125.63 trillion, while EBITDA and net income grew by 9.5% and 3.5% year-on-year, respectively, as a result of modest growth in total expenditure of 1.3%. Our EBITDA margin recovered 47.8%, or 2.6% point increase from the year of 2018. Cash flows from operating activities reached a historical high of Rp54.9 trillion, or jumped by 20.3% year-on-year. Fixed broadband business through Indihome became the growth driver, continuing its strong performance, with revenue grew by 28.1% year-on-year. While in mobile business, Telekomsel business grew strongly by 23.1% and successfully compensated legacy business to decline. Ladies and gentlemen, during full year of 2019, our fixed broadband Indihome posted a remarkable performance. Indihome added 2 million new subscribers during the year of 2019, so it reached 7 million subscribers. Indihome contributed Rp18.3 trillion in revenue, or jumped 28.1% year-on-year. In an effort to generate more revenues, we continued to push add-ons such as upgrade speed, upsell to triple play, mini packs packages, moving, and additional set-top box. This add-ons contributed to around 13.6% of total Indihome revenue in full year of 2019. In line with the higher economic scale, we successfully improved Indihome EBITDA margin from 25.6% in 2018 to 33.9% in 2019, getting closer to global standards. In 2020, we target to add another 700,000 new subscribers, lower than last year due to floods in the beginning of the year and also the COVID-19 pandemic. Ladies and gentlemen, on the mobile side, digital business through the provision of high-quality broadband connectivity and variety of digital services became the main growth engines. Digital business increased significantly by 23.1% to Rp38.2 trillion, driven by 22.3% increase in data and 29% in digital service. In 2019, digital business accounted for 63.9% of total telecom service revenue, increased significantly from 53.0% for the same period a year ago. In the meantime, telecom service business continued to decline due to natural transition from legacy to data together with the various OTIP recipients. Overall, telecom service financial and business performance in the full year of 2019 recorded revenue, EBITDA, and net income growth of 2.1%, 3.7%, and 1.0% respectively. EBITDA margin improved by 0.9% points to 54% amidst declining legacy business. Ladies and gentlemen, we continue our strategy to protect high-value customers by providing services according to their personal needs, and at the same time, we pay more attention to youth market by giving attractive choices through digital channels. We keep investing to strengthen network quality and coverage to provide the best experience for our customers. We deployed more than 23,000 new BGSs during the full year of 2019 over 4G base. By the end of 2019, telecom service on average total around 212,000 units. 76.3% of which were 3G and 4G to support the traffic that increased by 53.6% year-on-year. Our enterprise business declined by 11.2% year-on-year as we intentionally reduced low-margin business and shifted our focus on more profitable services such as data center and cloud and also to cyclicality of characteristics. In an effort to strengthen data center and cloud business, we are building more than 3,000 racks of data center and the first stage is expected to commence operating in early next year. In the long run, we plan to build another 6,000 racks of data center. Our wholesale international business segment recorded 10.6 trillion in revenue or grew by 5.2% compared to the same period last year. The segment is the enabler for other segments in telecon group, in particular for mobile business. It's very important and strategic in providing international support while at the same time also serve external customers. It is reflected in telecon consolidated results. Wholesale and international business contributed around 7.8% of telecon consolidated group revenue. In 2019, telecon group spent 36.6 trillion of capital expenditure or 27% of revenue, mainly utilized to enhance our mobile and fixed line network infrastructures. The mobile services capital is utilized to further improve 4G network quality and capacity as well as IT system enhancement. While in fixed line business, capital is primarily utilized to build global fiber-based access and backbone infrastructure to support fixed as well as mobile broadband business. A small portion of capex was assigned to other projects such as towers. COVID-19 outbreak that we experienced early 2020 has undeniable impact on the overall economy including the teleco industry. While we conduct our tactical action to help alleviate the impact of COVID-19 crisis, we anticipate that our performance this year will be quite affected, especially in the pandemic, will last towards at least the third quarter. Due to high uncertainty caused by the COVID-19, we are still unable to provide any guidance for 2020. Nevertheless, since the end of the first quarter this year, we have been performing strict cost-cutting measures as part of our commitment to maintain profitability. In an effort to maintain adequate coverage, we plan to spend capex of around 25% of revenue in 2020. That is ending my remarks. Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Arik. We will now begin the Q&A session. Please, please, clearly and state your name and your company. Operator, may we have the first question, please? Ladies and gentlemen, we will now

begin the question and answer session. If you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone and wait for a name to be announced. If you wish to cancel the request, please press the panel hash key. Please know there will be a short pause as the questions are being collated. We thank you for your patience. Your first question comes from the line of Myang Chuen Koh from Goldman Sachs. Please ask your question. Hi, good afternoon. So three questions from me. Firstly, can we have an update on the mobile competition that we are seeing year to date? You know, has there been any significant change compared to last year? Secondly is on your extra service. You talked about obviously that being a very key driver of growth. I'm wondering whether for Telkomsel, are they able to also monetize on some of those services like, let's say, video streaming or mobile financial services? Or are we simply monetizing largely through selling data for that? And then lastly, wondering on EDMD Ho, right? I mean, what is sort of the normalized or longer term EBITDA margins that we can probably get to? You know, we're seeing obviously very nice increase in margins last year. Thank you. Hi, Rachel. Telkomsel. Just addressing your first question regarding competition. So if referring to year 2019, we see that none of the other competitors in the top three have achieved any significant monetization of data, which is pretty much status quo and pricing. In terms of the... And also to take note that for additional data revenue, Telkomsel still managed to achieve a significant share of the revenue for data. And pricing-wise, it still remains... It was very competitive in terms of price in 2019, especially towards the end, when we saw one of the top three operators here going into unlimited, which pushed their RPMB extremely low. The question would be then what's next after the unlimited offering? We also see in terms of competition, increased competition in X-Java because of the extension of our competitor's network in X-Java, and hence it's how they play the price game to achieve revenue share. In Java itself, we're seeing it pretty stable, and it's something which could be an opportunity for Telkomsel. I hope that has responded to your question on competition. From Telkomsel's point of view, we will continue to focus on renewal, on maintaining competitiveness in our network quality, and also especially in our high-value segment, who are very concerned with quality and also the variety of packages and non-data services that we offer, which leads me to the next point about, yes, we are monetizing not only for data, we're also growing in terms of our gaming business as well as our video business. Thank you. Okay, for the third question, at least for the next couple of years, we believe the EBITDA margin will gradually move towards mid-30 level, so around 35% level. And then we hope in the long run it could be getting stronger as we've been strengthening the digital touch points, whereby make it easier for customers to reach us. And at the end, it would reduce the O&M costs, which helps the EBITDA. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Piyush Chaudhary from HSBC. Please ask your question. Hi, good afternoon. A couple of questions. Firstly, the question for Ms. Rachel. For Telkomsel, for 2020 and kind of medium term, is that strategy now to maintain the market share, revenue market share, or is it to improve the revenue market share? And if you can share what are the initiatives taken to achieve such goals, and how has been the response to the by.u product, if you can share that? Secondly, on the impact of COVID, could you specifically share how is the impact on the non-mobile business, particularly the enterprise business? And thirdly, could you share what are the various cost efficiency initiatives taken by the company to maintain our margin? Thank you. Hi, Rachel here. So addressing on your 2020 question number one strategy regarding revenue market share, improve or maintain, of course, as an organization, we always want to increase our revenue market share. However, we always focus on sustainability and health of the revenue market share. So this is very much in line, revenue market share leadership is key for us. And also that is supported by our aim to keep investing in our network to make sure the quality is very good because we will be focused on high quality and high value segment of our customer base. And what are the initiatives we have put in place so far? So you have seen how we've pushed out a variety of new products such as our quotas to Tengan, which is our special packages, as well as Combo Sakti. As well as in the Halos, postpaid space, we've been pushing out Halo Kit. I think in the first half of this year, this was the true start to push out. And although the RPMB has declined, what has been very, very encouraging for us is that the ARPU has been accretive. So here it shows that there is demand for Telkomsel's network quality. There is still potential for growth in tech load. So the pricing work we've done in end of Q4 2019 is starting to reap results for us. So to answer you, yes, we want to continue to maintain and improve our revenue market share. We put in initiatives with variety. So slightly adjusting our RPMB down but focusing on ARPU and growth in the high value segment. And in terms of value, we are starting to see that the value base that come online is exactly what we're going after, the digital segments. So the numbers aren't big but they're improving. And what is important to note is that the ARPU and the data utilization of the value base is actually high compared to the average customers. So that's what we have hoped that answers your question. Yes, it does. Thank you. Sorry, on the second question, you are asking about the impact of COVID to which particular business? Yeah, no, specifically within the non-mobile segment, if you could share what kind of impact you are seeing on the enterprise business, what should we expect in 2020? Yeah, hi, Piyush. Harry here. So we have started to see a few events such as projects getting delayed or even getting cancelled. And some clients have also either reduced their spendings or totally churned from some of our services, especially those who are in the adversely impacted industry such as hospitality, transportation, and property. There's also been some payment delay or request to restructure the contract as well as the payment. And also because of the lack of mobility of people, given the situation, delivery of the project have also been delayed. We have been unable to determine the quantity of this as this is very dynamic. But admittedly, we have seen those things happening in the past couple of months. Got it. Thanks, Pak Harry. And the cost initiatives, cost out initiatives? We've been doing various things on the O&M as well as some of the personnel costs like trainings, some GNA costs. It is in our strong intention to keep the same kind of EBITDA margin and net income margin within this year as what we had in 2019 for the entire group. I think so.

mainly of the entire group. I think for Hari explanation, I think it's some of the marketing and sales activities. With the current condition, we use more digital channels right now compared to before. So for example, non-digital channels are around 50% of the total activities in the sales. This also impacted our cost of marketing and sales. We see this going to be sometime in the future, but it is a good trend. Although we still also need to manage the traditional channels as we see the traditional also as part of the B2B business in the future. Thank you, Pak. Your next question comes from the line of Colin McCallum from Credit Suisse. Please ask your question. Thanks for the opportunity. Two questions from me. First of all, just on Indie Home, you mentioned 700,000 target for this year. You also mentioned flooding in I think first quarter was particularly bad. But other than that issue in first quarter, intuitively one would have thought the demand would be quite strong given work from home and homeschooling, etc. So is it a kind of lack of end user demand you're seeing in addition to the flooding? Or is it sort of difficulty accessing homes because people don't want engineers to come to their home to be connected because they're worried about the virus? A little bit more color on why the net add numbers are less than a million would be helpful. Second question related to that, if you're only looking at 700,000 net ads, why would your capex to sales ratio not fall a bit more? I think it's falling from 27 to 25, you said. Why would it not be falling more? Is it related to the data center build out? If you could give us a bit more color on that, Pak Hari, that would be good. And then third question, just a kind of housekeeping one. The impairment charge of 1.2 trillion. What was the background to that distributor and what is the remaining book value that you have in your accounts? Is it likely that we'll face another impairment on that later? Those are my three questions. Thank you. Okay, on Indie Home, yes, Colin, the work from home and learn from home situations have helped quite a bit in terms of increasing our sales volume. But we are anticipating that this will not last forever, even for the new customers. We are anticipating that likely some of them will either reduce their subscription or totally churn from the new subscription that they just signed up. But you are also right that there's been some, because of the spreading out of the virus, the mobilization of our technicians have somewhat been hampered as well. So we have not been able to operate throughout the country, especially in those we have here, like what we call red zones. So that's for the Indie Home. In terms of CapEx, some other purposes are still there. The new one is, like you mentioned, is the data center one. That would cost us around slightly more than 700 billion rupiah for a year. There will be some more CapEx next year. And also to enhance the CapEx in Telkomsel, particularly in 4G. There's also some CapEx we will spend for towers and for the IP enhancement, both in Telkomsel as well as in Telkom. For the impairment charge, this is due to the decline of the share price of the company from more than 900 rupiah in the beginning of 2019 to around 300 rupiah at the end of 2019. So this is purely an accounting treatment that we have to do. But in the company's book itself, the remaining book value is around 500 billion rupiah as per end of 2019. We are exploring ways to mitigate potential further risks with regards to this. But the reversing would happen, right? If the share price strengthened, then we would see some reversing to happen. I think for Hari's explanation, on the CapEx, half of this CapEx typically are coming from Telkomsel. But we can tell you actually this, when we driven by the demand, demand that is expected to go up from year on year. In addition to that, we need to maintain the quality we provide to our customers. So we are looking for the premiumness compared to our competitors. This is based on all the aspects of our strategy. That's why we think that our CapEx is going to be about the same this year because even with the digitalization trend, we need to invest a bit more for the capacity and quality. Got it. Very clear. Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Arthur Pineda from Citigroup. Please ask your question. Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Several questions, please. Firstly, on the enterprise segment, what drove the big loss in enterprise in the fourth quarter? So you're basically booking segmental profits until nine months and book the massive loss in fourth quarter, even though there was a big jump in revenues. Can we get clarification there? Second question is with Telkomsel. What can be done to address the revenue market share slippage? So if you look at Singtel's recent disclosure, you could see that revenue growth still lag versus peers. We know that your network is already far better versus everyone else. But what needs to be done so that you can grow alongside market? And last question is housekeeping question. Were there any other one-offs booked for the period? Thank you. I think the, okay, I think on this one. During the, you can see in 2019, we still have growth in the data. We do explain the thing to find in 2019. You can see the focus on the research is still on the page. Even for the big figures, you can see in the, although we are not, we leave our first quarter of this year, we can still see in our conference call that our quarter by quarter data increase in the minor. This means, actually, we don't need to go into the research. And also maintain our quality of our customers. Yeah, I'll address the point about, sorry, I couldn't hear clearly. I'll address the point about Telkomsel's revenue market share. So overall, revenue share has dropped mainly because of our legacy, which is still in decline. As you know, compared to the other players, our voice revenues are still significantly higher. However, if you drill down into the data and digital revenues, I think we're still doing quite well with our data revenue share of 62% amongst the big three. So for you to grow alongside market, we need to wait for the legacy revenues to be similar to what you have with your other peers? It will continue to decline. At the same time, we are also taking measures to continue to increase our network investments to try to drive up our data revenues as rapidly as possible to be able to make up for that decline in legacy as much as we can, and also in other digital ventures that we have. Understood. Maybe additional input from me. As you see, our network figure right now, only about 50,000 of 3G, the rest is actually data, which is about 200,000. So actually, most of the investment already goes to the data.

Because most of the investment already discussed in data and investment, we do expect by growing of the payload and also some additional services on this one. The long-term objective of us, besides the economic legacy going to decline, we are going to have a good and healthy margin both in business and income. Thank you. After your first question on enterprise, in fourth quarter, we have to book some additional provision for doubtful accounts in end of business. I think that's part of most of the recent decline in performance. Thanks, Akari. Is it possible to disclose what that number would be so we can better see the outlook for FY20? The provision in fourth quarter? Yes. Slightly below 400 billion, around 380, 390 billion. Okay, understood. Are there any other one-off items being booked in the period? Besides the impairment that we just talked about, there's nothing else. Understood. Thank you. You're welcome. Your next question comes from the line of Ranjan Sharma from JP Morgan. Please answer question. Hi, good afternoon and thank you for the call. Couple of questions from my side. Firstly, with the impact of COVID, have you seen any change in consumer behavior in the first quarter and also in April and May? Have you seen movement of customers between operators, sin consolidation, rising spend? If you can share any color, that would be helpful. Second question is on dividend. Has there been an announcement made on it and how should we think of the policy? Lastly, can you share any update on any regulatory changes that might be impending in Indonesia? Thank you. Okay, Bawan-san, on the first question, impact of COVID and the change of customer behavior. As we say already, Vincent, for example, in mobile, now more people using the modern channel and digital channel, which is around 60% of the transaction happening in the digital channel. Second, actually, the traditional channel also about maybe 20%. They are not really operating, but with the digital channel that spread across the country, we still maintain to have a similar pickup. I think if we see this one, we can see that actually this is a good trend for us. In fact, we also still need the traditional channel when we do accept the flow of the new business later on. And what is, I think, this digital channel going to be in the future and what is the impact to the customer? More now, I think the traffic itself in the customer base, they are consuming the traffic actually at home. So I think, again, the traditional channel in the center of the, I think, not necessarily becoming a point of the transaction. They are using, again, digital channel to do this transaction. So I think a lot of the change in the customer behavior in which they are becoming much more digital now compared to before. Yeah, maybe adding to that, we also have seen tremendous usage of internet in our network through Indie Home. The latest data that we can share was 9.6 terabyte per second. That was by early April, which was 11% increase from mid-March when the pandemic literally started in Indonesia. So 11% increase in two weeks. And also in terms of sales volume or new installation volume of Indie Home per day, at the end of March and in April until maybe the beginning of May, we saw like around 8,000 to 10,000 per day, even though now has somewhat reduced to the, you know, quote-unquote normal level of around 5,000 to 6,000 new installation per day. For your second question on dividend, as we speak, we have still been communicating with the Ministry of State-Owned Enterprises in terms of the dividend that we will for sure announce it at our AGM on the 19th of June. And in the first question, I think some applications that are very popular right now like Zoom, Teams, and even our own application, becoming so popular, 100% of it, 100% of growth, I think people are becoming more and more digital in doing their work. Sorry, hi, I had a question on the regulatory changes, if anything is impending. And sorry, earlier the line was unclear, but have you mentioned that there will be like 700,000 net ads on Indie Homes this year? Thank you. Sorry, you're asking about number of customers or data? Number of customers, net ads on Indie Homes for this year. Oh yeah, that's the target of additional new customers in Indie Homes for this year. This is around 700,000. Okay, last question. On the regulatory, is it? No, I think regulatory. The last one is about in May, this session has already been implemented. The rest is we are still waiting on legal flow, but it's still waiting. We don't have any new updates on this one. I'm not sure whether you're aware that there's a recent change in the corporate tax number. So starting this year, it will be 19% for publicly listed companies. That's 20% floating. All the private companies from 25% of income tax becoming 22% of income tax. That's I think some incentives that government has given to the companies during this COVID situation. All right, thank you so much. Your next question comes from the line of Prem Jirajangasingham from Macquarie. Please ask your question. Hi, thank you for the opportunity. Two questions from me, please. First of all, following up on the regulatory question, given what COVID has done to the industry, do you think that there is an increased likelihood of industry consolidation taking place post-COVID or even as soon as 2020? Or do you think there's still too much uncertainty around the spectrum situation to force this? And related to that, do you see the competition facing increased network issues and potentially monetization issues given this COVID pandemic? And what do you think happens next on this front? Thank you. First, I'm going to answer the number two question. I think with COVID and with the growth of data, we expect by all the operators, we do expect that all the operators are already aware that we need some more capacity and quality as well to serve the people in this country.

I think with our thinking about monetization, with the profit margin that our competitors already met today, this is supposed to be kind of, I think, a rational for them not coming to more intense competition in the pricing. This is better monetizing this one. We already see one of the competitors, although they provide unlimited, but the unlimited based on the situation that customers need to consume the main quota. It means that they are thinking about, I think, monetization. The other one, I know that they have to reduce the unlimited package because with this capacity demand, they need to invest more. I think without justified price, they are not going to make any margin. I think this is supposed to be making a bit more rational thinking on how to monetize our M&B. And I think the consolidation of post-COVID is quite difficult to answer the question. It is supposed to be a long, long, long time ago. We believe that I think a maximum of four of the operators is going to be better for the industry. The less number of operators becoming healthier in the industry, I think the players are going to be more reasonable. We actually believe this is supposed to be made on a business rationale. So whenever it is going to happen, basically we support the industry consolidation because it's going to make the industry healthier based on, I think, consideration that the government is going to think also about the spectrum allocation. Has there been any clarity with regards to the spectrum in the consolidation process or is that still the big unknown? I think it's still unknown on that one. But if you ask for them, when we think about 5G, I think spectrum needed is supposed to be bigger. That can be also another reason for consolidation to happen. Okay, just to add some of the points on top of what we just explained. I think post-COVID, the need of the industry becomes healthier is in the bigger interest of everybody. So it means that there could be consolidation, one of them, and also can be something like as far as I mentioned, monetizing the network in a better way. So we do expect that all the operators can be more rational in the competition. Okay, thank you. Thank you. Once again, ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone. Your next question comes from the line of Nico Margaronis from Danareksa. Please ask your question. Good afternoon and thank you for the opportunity. Two questions which arise from some news that surfaced from media. First is about potential monetization of towers. And secondly, the potential partnership with Netflix. So if you can give us some color on these two topics and whether you believe if adding Netflix into your product portfolio would increase the ARPU. And maybe one more question on, we see that data yield for telecom cell, fourth quarter coming down. And we heard about Singtel commentary on telecom cell. Is data yield came down further in first Q2020? And yeah, and how to connect this with your argument that the competition will moderate going forward this year? Thank you. Okay, I'll take the tower question. Yeah, we are not in a hurry to do any monetization in our business. I think that the way we see this business is somewhat different probably compared to any other operators or any other independent tower providers. So we see it as an important enabler to support our business, particularly our mobile business. Having said that, we are open for any obviously, if there's any clear benefit from monetization, but not in the near term. But we do realize the importance of tower, especially when 5G comes around, whereby we need better or more density of towers if we have 5G. Okay. Go ahead. Oh yeah, thank you. Go ahead. Yeah, thank you, Pariwik. Basically, what are the options for you available? Is that widening your tower portfolio or taking it IPO? Yeah, what are the options for towers in front of you? Thank you. We're basically open for any options. We're not, as of now, we're not seriously thinking any particular option. And as I said earlier, we're not really in a hurry to execute anything with regard to our business monetization anytime soon. Okay. Okay, thank you. Thank you, Pariwik. Okay, Pariwik, the second question is on Netflix. We are in the middle of discussion with them, and so far it's progressing quite well. Mainly the discussion was focusing on two things. One is on the compliance with the regulatory, and the second one is the protection of the subscribers. So I believe we are closing the gap between the two, and once we just end the acceptable effort, we're going to be opening the access to Netflix, both in DHome and TelecomServe. Also, your question on the third question about how is the data yield, I think, statement saying that probably the data yield can be lower, that can be possible. What we are actually mindful is to increase the productivity of our customer base in order to increase the output in total. As long as we can have that one, that's why we have, let's say, the first day package, daily package to our customers, because we have the demand on daily, people that purchase that package. In addition to this one, this is also only available for, let's say, one day, three days, et cetera. This is going to increase the consumption of our customers. In addition, it's going to increase the output in total. So we did not sacrifice our profitability on this one, but more, I think, kind of creativity to increase the utilization and also to make some profit out of these services. I think many other more, besides of the video, we have games and et cetera in this digital services in order to increase the output that we have. And your question on the third question about how is the data yield, I think, statement saying that probably the data yield can be lower, that can be possible. What we are actually mindful is to increase the productivity of our customer base in order to increase the output in total. As long as we can have that one, that's why we have, let's say, the first day package, daily package to our customers, because we have the demand on daily, people that purchase that package. In addition to this one, this is also only available for, let's say, one day, three days, et cetera. This is going to increase the consumption of our customers. In addition, it's going to increase the output in total. So we did not sacrifice our profitability on this one, but more, I think, kind of creativity to increase the utilization and also to make some profit out of these services. I think many other more, besides of the video, we have games and et cetera in this digital services in order to increase the output that we have. And your question on the third question about how is the data yield, I think, statement saying that probably the data yield can be lower, that can be possible. What we are actually mindful is to increase the productivity of our customer base in order to increase the output in total. As long as we can have that one, that's why we have, let's say, the first day package, daily package to our customers, because we have the demand on daily, people that purchase that package. In addition to this one, this is also only available for, let's say, one day, three days, et cetera. This is going to increase the consumption of our customers. In addition, it's going to increase the output in total. So we did not sacrifice our profitability on this one, but more, I think, kind of creativity to increase the utilization and also to make some profit out of these services. I think many other more, besides of the video, we have games and et cetera in this digital services in order to increase the output that we have. And your question on the third question about how is the data yield, I think, statement saying that probably the data yield can be lower, that can be possible. What we are actually mindful is to increase the productivity of our customer base in order to increase the output in total. As long as we can have that one, that's why we have, let's say, the first day package, daily package to our customers, because we have the demand on daily, people that purchase that package. In addition to this one, this is also only available for, let's say, one day, three days, et cetera. This is going to increase the consumption of our customers. In addition, it's going to increase the output in total. So we did not sacrifice our profitability on this one, but more, I think, kind of creativity to increase the utilization and also to make some profit out of these services. I think many other more, besides of the video, we have games and et cetera in this digital services in order to increase the output that we have. And your question on the third question about how is the data yield, I think, statement saying that probably the data yield can be lower, that can be possible. What we are actually mindful is to increase the productivity of our customer base in order to increase the output in total. As long as we can have that one, that's why we have, let's say, the first day package, daily package to our customers, because we have the demand on daily, people that purchase that package. In addition to this one, this is also only available for, let's say, one day, three days, et cetera. This is going to increase the consumption of our customers. In addition, it's going to increase the output in total. So we did not sacrifice our profitability on this one, but more, I think, kind of creativity to increase the utilization and also to make some profit out of these services. I think many other more, besides of the video, we have games and et cetera in this digital services in order to increase the output that

in today's call and should you have any further questions, please feel free to contact us directly. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

