 ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by and welcome to telecom's full year of 2019 results
 conference call.
 At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode.
 After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question and answer session.
 To ask a question during the session, you will need to press TAR1 on your telethon.
 Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.
 I would like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Mr. Andy Setiawan.
 Thank you.
 Please go ahead.
 session. Before we start, let me remind you that today's call and the response to the
 questions may contain forward-looking statements and the meaning of safe harbor.
 cuts could differ materially from projections, estimations, or expectation points during
 Thank you.
 and uncertainty and may cause extra results.
 Sir?
 Sahari M. Chen as Finance Director
 Mr. U-Healthy Abidin as Network and IT Solutions Director
 Mr. Edwin Aristiawan
 as Wholesale and International Service Director, Mr. Bogi Vichaksono as Enterprise and Business
 Service Director, Ms. Siti Hoyriana as Consumer Service Director, Mr. Ahmad Sugiarto as Strategy
 Portfolio Director, Mr. Faisal F. Jumadi as Digital Business Director, and Mr. Eddie
 as Human Capital Management Director.
 Also present are the Board of Directors of Telecom Sales, Mr. Setianto Hantoro as President Director, Mr. Harry Supriyadi as Finance Director, and Ms. Rachel Goh as Marketing Director.
 I now hand over the call to our CEO, Mr. Derek Adrianza.
 Thank you.
 Please, please.
 Thank you, Andy.
 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to our conference call for the full year of 2019 result.
 You will have to share your participation in this call.
 Ladies and gentlemen, for the full year of 2019,
 the engine of growth and continued to be the engine of growth.
 to demonstrate a strong promise.
 Digital business also showed strong growth on the back of solid data traffic in line
 with 40 network quality and coverage.
 In the meantime, enterprise business experience
 down as we deliberately reduce our exposure on
 so much in business, and partly due to such a utility.
 for the full year of 2019
 telecom minutes to book a 3.7% year-on-year growth in the review to 135.6 trillion rupiah.
 while EBITDA and net income grew by 9.5% and 3.5% year-on-year respectively as a result
 of modest growth in total expense of 1.3 per cent. Our EBITDA margin recovered for
 27.8% or 2.6 percentage point increase from that of 2018.
 The flows from operating activities reach a historical high of 54.9 trillion of
 by 20.3% year-on-year.
 Fixed broadband business through Indihome became the growth driver.
 continuing its strong performance
 you have written your group by 28.1%
 year-on-year.
 While in mobile business, the company's business grows strongly by 23.1% and successfully
 the company's business.
 set legacy business to decline.
 Ladies and gentlemen, during the full year of 2019, our fixed broadband Indium posted remarkable performance.
 Indium added 2 million new subscribers during the year of 2019 to reach 7 million of subscribers.
 Indihome contributed $18.3 trillion in revenue, or jump 28.1% year-on-year.
 In an effort to generate more revenues, we continue to push around sales such as an upgrade
 to the sales industry.
 upsell to triple play, mini-packs packages,
 moving and additional set of boxes.
 This advance contributed to around 13.6% of total income revenue in full year of 2019.
 In line with the higher economic scale, we successfully improved in the home EBITDA machine from 25.6% in 2018 to 33.9% in 2019, getting closer to global standards.
 In 2020, we touched it to add another 700,000 new subscribers, lower than last year due to floods in the beginning of the year and also the COVID-19 pandemic.
 Ladies and gentlemen, on the mobile side,
 we do business through
 provision of high-quality broadband connectivity and parity of digital services
 become the main growth engines.
 due to business increase,
 significantly by
 It's 25.1%.
 $38,2 trillion
 driven by
 20
 22.3% increase in data and 29% in detail service.
 In 2019, digital business accounted for 63.9% of total commercial revenue, increased significantly
 from 53.0% for the same period a year ago.
 In the meantime, the commercial legacy business continues to decline due to natural transition
 from legacy toward data
 together with the
 various OTT services.
 piece and pieces.
 Overall, it comes to financial and digital funds in the full year.
 in the full year of 2019 recorded revenue,
 EBITDA and net income growth of 2.1%, 3.7%, and 1.0% respectively.
 EBITDA margin improved by 0.9 percentage point to 54% amidst the claiming legacy business.
 Let it be simple, we continue our strategy to protect high-value customers by providing services according to their personalities, and at the same time, we pay a lot more attention to the youth market by giving attractive choices through digital channels.
 We keep investing to setting network quality and coverage to provide the best experience for our customers.
 We deployed more than 23,000 new BDSS during full year of 2019, over 4G days.
 By the end of 2019, the comms sales on a VTS dot at around 212,000 units,
 76.3% of which were 3G and 4G to support data traffic that increased by 53.6% year-on-year.
 Our enterprise business declined by 11.2% year-on-year as we intentionally reduced low-margin business
 and focus on more profitable services such as data center and cloud, and also the security
 of characteristics.
 In an effort, we have to make sure that there is a possibility of characteristics.
 In an effort to strengthen data center and co-business, we are building more than three
 times.
 of data center and the first stage is expected to commence a test in April next year.
 In the long run, we plan to build another 6,000 of data centers.
 Our wholesale international business segment recorded $10.6 trillion in revenue or grew by 5.2% compared to the same period last year.
 This segment is the enabler for other segment intercom group, in particular for mobile business.
 It's role is very important and strategic in providing international support, while at the same time also serve external customers.
 customers.
 reflected in telecom-conspirated results.
 Wholesale and international business contributed around 7.8% of total consolidated group revenue.
 In 2019,
 welcome group spend
 36.6
 stream of
 capital expenditure of
 27% of revenue
 mainly utilized to enhance our mobile and fixed-line network infrastructures.
 In mobile services, CAPEC was utilized to further improve quality and capacity as well
 as IP System Enhancement, while in text-line business,
 CAPEDIS, PRA MERVEDY TILAGUES
 utilized to develop fiber-based access and backbone infrastructure to support FIX as well
 as mobile broadband business.
 A small portion of CAPEX was assigned to other projects such as TOWER.
 COVID-19 outbreak that we experienced since early 2020 has an undeniable impact on the
 the overall economy, including the teleco-investing, while we conduct our technical action to help
 alleviate the impact of COVID-19 crisis, we anticipate that our performance this year
 will be quite effective especially in the PPS towards at least the third quarter.
 do too high on certain things
 caused by COVID-19, we are still unable to provide any guidance for 2020. Nevertheless,
 since the end of the first quarter this year
 we have been performing
 strict cost-cutting
 measures as part of our commitment to maintain profitability.
 stability.
 In an effort to maintain equity and coverage, we plan to spend capets of around 25% of revenue in 2020.
 that is ending very much
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Patrick.
 We will now begin the session.
 Using your questions, please clearly and state your name and your company.
 May we have the first question, please?
 Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session.
 if you wish to ask a question
 please press star 1 on your telephone and wait for a name to be announced.
 If you wish to cancel the request, please press the pound or hash key.
 Please know there will be a short pause as the questions are being collated.
 We thank you for your patience.
 Your first question comes from the line of Myung Chuen-Ko from Goldman Sachs.
 Please ask your question.
 Hi, good afternoon.
 So three questions for me.
 Firstly, can we have an update on the mobile competition that we are seeing here today?
 you know, have there been any significant change compared to last year.
 Secondly, it's on your dextro service.
 You talked about, obviously, that being a very key driver of growth.
 Um, I'm wondering whether, uh,
 or telecom sales, are they able
 to also monetize on some of those services like, let's say, video streaming or mobile
 financial services, or are we simply monetizing largely through selling data for that?
 last week
 wandering on Eden, the hope, right?
 I mean, what is sort of the normalized or longer-term EBITDA margins that we can probably get to?
 So, you know, we're seeing obviously very nice increase in margins last year.
 Thank you.
 Hi, I'm Rachel.
 Calcum Cell.
 Just addressing your first question regarding competition, so if referring to year 2019,
 Do you see that?
 none of the other competitors in the top three have achieved any significant monetization
 which is pretty much stated, co-advising.
 In terms of the, and also to take note that the
 for digital data revenue, Telcom still managed to achieve a significant share of the revenue
 for data. And pricing-wise, it still remains, it was very competitive in terms of price
 in 2019 especially towards the end when you saw one of the top three operators here when
 going into Unlimited, which pushed their RPM to be extremely low.
 A question would be then, what's next after the unlimited offering?
 We also see in terms of competition,
 increased competition in xJava because of the expansion of our competitive network in
 about java and hence you know it's how they play the prime game to achieve revenue share uh in java
 itself we've seen it pretty stable and it's something which could be an opportunity for
 telecom sales. I hope that has responded to to your question on competition from
 From Talcumcell's point of view, we will continue to focus on renewals, on maintaining
 it.
 competitiveness in our network quality and also especially in our high value
 segments who are very concerned with quality and also the variety of
 packages and
 and non-data services that we offer,
 which leads me to the next point about,
 Yes, we are monetizing not only for data, we are also growing in terms of our gaming business as well as our video business.
 Thank you.
 We can deal with that.
 Okay, for the third question, at least for the next couple of years, we believe the EBITDA
 margin will gradually move towards
 mid-30
 level so around 35 percent level and then we hope in the long run it could be
 getting stronger as we've we've been strengthening the digital touch points
 Whereby
 make it easier
 for customers to reach us and at the end it would reduce the OMM cost which helps the EBITDA.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Piyush Chaudhary from HSBC.
 please ask your question.
 Yeah, hi.
 Good afternoon.
 a couple of questions
 Firstly, the question for Ms. Rachel, for Telecom Cell,
 is for 2020
 and kind of medium term, is the strategy now to maintain the market share,
 revenue market share
 or is it to improve the revenue market share?
 and if you can share what are the initiatives taken to achieve such goals
 and how has been the response to the buy.u product, if you can share that.
 Secondly, on the impact of COVID, could you specifically share how is the impact
 on the non-mobile business, particularly the enterprise business?
 And thirdly, could you share what are the various cost efficiency initiatives
 taken by the company to maintain or improve margin?
 Thank you.
 Hi.
 Rachel?
 here.
 So I'll address on your 2020 question number one strategy regarding revenue market share
 improve for maintain of course as an organization we always want to increase
 Please, our revenue market share.
 However, we will always focus on sustainability and health of the revenue market share.
 so this is very much in line market share revenue market share leadership is key
 for us and also
 that is supported by our aim to
 you know keep investing in our network to make sure the quality is very good because we will be
 focus on a high-quality and high-value segment of our customer base and what
 initiatives we have put in place so far, so you have seen how we have pushed out a variety
 of new products such as our core task
 which is our Sashay packages as well as Combo-Sak-Tea.
 This was in the HALO post-pitch space.
 been pushing out hello kick i think in the first half of this year uh these were the you know the
 three star pieces to push out and although the rpmv has declined uh what has been very very encouraging
 for us is that the ARPU has been accreted.
 So here it shows that there is demand for Telcom sales network quality that is the potential
 for growth and payload.
 So the pricing work we have done in end of Q4 2019 is starting to reap results for us.
 So to answer you, yes, we want to continue to maintain and improve our revenue market
 share, we put in initiatives with variety, so slightly adjusting our RPNB down
 but focusing on ARPU and growth in a high-value segment.
 and in terms of Bayou
 So we are starting to see that the Bayou base that come online is exactly what we're going
 after the digital segment.
 So the numbers aren't big, but they're improving.
 And what is important to note is that our pool and the data utilization of the biobase
 is actually high compared to the average customer.
 So that's what we have hope that answers your question.
 Yes, it does.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Yes, on the second question, you are asking about the impact of COVID to which particular business?
 Yeah, no, specifically within the non-mobile segments, if you could share what's the kind of impact you are seeing on the enterprise business, what should we expect in 2020?
 Hi, P.H.
 I have you here.
 So we have
 started to see a few events such as a project getting delayed or even getting cancelled and
 you know, some clients
 have also either reduced
 their spendings
 or totally churned from some of our services, especially those who are in adversely impacted
 industry, such as hospitality, transportation, and property.
 there's also been some
 payment delay or request to
 restructure the contract as well as the payment.
 And also, because of the lack of mobility of people, given the situation, delivery of
 the project have also
 been
 BOA
 we have
 We have been unable to determine the quantity of this, as this is very dynamic, but admittedly
 We have seen those things happening in the past couple of months.
 You
 Got it.
 Thanks, Parkhari.
 and the cost initiatives, cost-out initiatives?
 Oh, we've been doing various things from the O&M as well as some of the personnel
 costs like training
 some GMA costs.
 It is in our strong intention to keep the same kind of EBITDA margin and net income
 margin within this year as what we have in 2019 for the entire group.
 According to Pak Hari's explanation, I think it's some of the marketing and sales activities
 With the current condition, we use more digital channels right now compared to people, so for
 For example, a non-raditional channel already
 around 60% of the total of the activities in the cell.
 This also impacted our cost of marketing itself.
 We see this going to be sometime in the future, but this is a good trend.
 although we still also need to manage the traditional channel as we see the traditional
 part of the B2B business in the future.
 Thank you, Bob.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Colin McHallum from Credit Suisse.
 please ask your question.
 Thanks for the opportunity.
 Two questions from me.
 First of all, just on IndyHome, you mentioned 700,000 target for this year.
 you also mentioned flooding
 in, I think, first quarter was particularly
 bad, but
 But other than that issue in first quarter,
 intuitively
 Alternatively, one would have thought the demand would be quite strong given work from home
 and homeschooling, et cetera.
 So is it a kind of lack of end-user demand you're seeing in addition to the flooding?
 or is it sort of difficulty accessing homes
 because people don't want engineers to come to their home to be connected
 because they're worried about the virus
 A little bit more color on why the net ad numbers are less than a million would be helpful.
 A second question related to that, if you're only looking at 700,000 net ads,
 Why would your CapEx to sales ratio not fall a bit more?
 I think it's falling from 27 to 25, you said.
 Why would it not be falling more?
 Is it related to the data center build-out?
 if you could give us a bit more colour on that
 that would be good
 and then the third question
 just a kind of housekeeping one,
 the impairment charge of $1.2 trillion.
 what was the background to that
 distributor and
 what is the remaining
 book value that you have
 in your accounts
 is it likely that we'll face another impairment on that later?
 Those are my three questions. Thank you.
 Yeah.
 Okay, on in the home, yes, Pauline, the work from home and learn from home situations have helped quite a bit in terms of increasing our sales volume.
 But we are anticipating that this will not last forever, even for the new customers.
 So, we are anticipating that likely some of them will either reduce their subscription
 or totally churned from the new subscription
 that they they just sign up but you you are also right that there's been some
 because of the spreading out of the virus the mobilization of our technicians have
 somewhat been hampered as well, so we have not been able to operate throughout the country,
 especially in those we have here like what we call red zones.
 So that's for the Indie Home.
 In terms of CAPEX, some other purposes are still there.
 The new one is, like you mentioned, is the data center one, that would cost us around
 more than 700 billion rupiah for this year, there will be some more capex next year.
 And also to enhance the coverage in top-home cell, particularly in 4G, there's also some
 other parts.
 CAPEX.
 We will spend four hours and for the IP enhancement both in the .com cell as well as in .com.
 From the impairment charts, this is due to the decline of the share price of the company
 more than 900 rupiah.
 by
 in the beginning of 2019
 to round three
 hundred rupiah at the end of
 2019.
 So this is purely an accounting treatment that we have to do.
 But in the company's book itself, the book value, the remaining book value still stood around 500 billion rupiah as per end of 2019.
 We are exploring ways to mitigate potential for the risk with regards to this, but the
 The reverse thing could happen, right?
 if the share price strengthened, then, you know,
 we will see some recursing to happen.
 I think for the explanation on the carpet, part of this carpet basically are coming from
 .
 or the weekend.
 Thank you.
 This is a memory that happened by the men.
 We may have a lot of increased from year on year.
 In addition, we need to maintain the quality we provide to them, our customers, our competitors.
 all the aspects of our strategy. That's why we are, I think, we think that our
 going to be about the same this year because even with the digitalization trend
 with regard to this COVID, we need to bring one more for the capacity and quality.
 Got it.
 Very clear.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Arthur Pineda from Citigroup.
 Please ask your question.
 Hi, thanks for the opportunity.
 be several questions, please.
 Percy on the
 enterprise segment what grows the big loss in enterprise in the fourth quarter so you're basically
 be booking
 segmental profits until
 nine months
 and book the massive loss in 4Q,
 even though there was a big jump in revenues.
 Can we get clarification there?
 Okay.
 Second question is with
 telecom sale what can be done to address the revenue market share snippage so if
 So if you look at SYNGTEL's recent disclosure,
 You can see that revenue growth still lagged versus pierced.
 we know that your network is already far better
 versus everyone else.
 but what needs to be done
 so that you can grow alongside market.
 and that's because
 and just housekeeping questions.
 And were there any other one-offs for the period?
 Thank you.
 I think, I think on this one, during the .
 Thank you.
 We still have a growth in the data.
 We do experiment, I think we find it.
 in the Jakarta and the Pajasi, the focus for the research,
 which is the message that I'm talking about,
 Even for the figures, you can see that although we are not officially released our first part of this year,
 We can verify the things out.
 Congrats, guys.
 Thank you.
 quarter by quarter that
 Thank you.
 the window.
 I didn't that thing.
 Thank you.
 I'm sorry, you know, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
 Thank you.
 Yeah.
 If you want to ask...
 Thank you.
 Yeah, I'll address the point about
 Sorry, I couldn't hear clearly.
 I'll address the point about Telkomstel's revenue market share footage, please.
 So overall, revenue share is dropped mainly because of our legacy which is still in decline.
 As you know, compared to the other players, our boys' revenues are significantly higher.
 However, if you drill down into the data and digital revenues, I think we are still doing
 quite well with a data
 revenue share of 52% amongst the big three.
 So, for you to grow alongside market, we need to wait for the legacy revenues to be similar
 to what you have with your other peers?
 It will continue to decline.
 At the same time, we are also taking measures to
 continue to increase
 our network
 investments to try to drive up
 our data revenues as rapidly as possible to be able to you know make up for that
 decline in legacy as much as we can and also in other digital ventures that we
 I understand.
 Yeah.
 Maybe additional info from me is you can see our network figure right now, only about 50,000
 of the community as this
 and the rest is actually data
 which is, you know, out of 200,000.
 most of investment
 already
 because of the data and the investment.
 Thank you.
 of the payload, and also some additional service on this one.
 The long-term objective of us, besides the legacy going to decline, we are able to understand
 that.
 We have a question.
 healthy margin, both in EBITDA and in EBITDA.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for your first question on Enterprise.
 we have to book some additional provision for Delta account in the business.
 I think that that's part of most of the reasons why the performance declined.
 Thanks, Bakari.
 Is it possible to disclose what that number would be?
 so we can better see the outlook for FY20.
 and the provision in fourth quarter
 Yes.
 slightly below
 400 billion.
 around 380-390 billion.
 Okay, understood.
 And are there any other one-off items being booked in the period?
 Besides the impairment that we just talked about,
 There's nothing else.
 Understood.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Your next question comes from the line of Franjan Sharma from J.P. Morgan.
 please ask her question.
 Hi, good afternoon, and thank you for the call.
 A couple of questions from my side.
 Firstly, with the impact of COVID, have you seen any change in consumer behavior in the
 in the first quarter
 and also in like
 April and May.
 have you seen
 movement of customers between operators,
 sim consolidation, rising spend.
 And if you can share any color, that would be helpful.
 Second question is on dividend, has there been an announcement made on it and how should
 we think of the policy.
 Lastly, can you share any update on any regulatory changes that might be impending in Indonesia?
 John. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Okay, on the first question, impact of profit and the change of customer behavior.
 I already mentioned to you, I'm not going to be on fire.
 Now, more people using the modern channel and digital channel, which is around 60% of total transactions happen in the digital channel.
 Second, actually, the traditional channels, maybe 20%, they are not really operating,
 but with the digital channel that I think spread across the country,
 we still maintain to have the similar picture of the .
 I think if we see this one, we can see that actually this is a good trend for us.
 In fact, we still meet the traditional
 ...channel when we do, say, develop the new business later on.
 And what is the, I think, this traditional digital channel going to be in the future and what is the impact of the customer.
 more now I think the traffic itself in the customer base they are consumed the
 traffic actually at home
 So I think, again, the traditional channel in the center of the crowd, not necessarily
 becoming point of the transaction, they are using again digital channels to do this transaction.
 So I think a lot of the change in the customer behavior in which they are becoming much more digital now compared to before.
 Yeah, maybe adding to that, we also have seen tremendous usage of Internet in our network
 through in the home.
 the latest data that we can share
 was 9.6 terabytes per second.
 That was by early April, which was 11% increase from mid-March when the pandemic literally
 started in Indonesia, so 11% increase in two weeks.
 and also in terms of
 cells volume
 or a new
 installation volume
 of in the home per day.
 So, at the end of March and in April until maybe the beginning of May, we saw like around
 8,000 to 10,000 per day, even though now
 has somewhat reduced
 to the
 We know
 normal level of around 5,000 to 6,000 new installation for me.
 your second question
 I'm going to
 On Dividend, as we speak, we have still been communicating with the Ministry of State-owned
 enterprise in terms of the, you know, the dividend that we will for sure, for sure,
 will announce it at our AGM on the 19th of June.
 And in the, I think the first question, on the, I think some applications that are very popular right now, like Zoom, Teams, and even our own application.
 Thank you.
 becoming
 It's been up to the old people.
 I'm happy.
 the people really becoming more and more digital in doing their work.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Sorry, hi, I had a question on the regulatory changes.
 if anything is impending.
 and sorry
 Earlier the line was unclear, but had you mentioned that there will be like 700,000 net
 on Indy Homes this year.
 Thank you.
 Sorry, you're asking about number of customers or data?
 number of customers net ads or indie homes for this year
 Oh, yeah. That's the target of additional new customers in the home for this year.
 It is around 700,000.
 Okay.
 The last question?
 Thank you, guys.
 Okay.
 All the way is going to read.
 Is that right?
 You still there?
 I knew I think they will see.
 The last one is about email.
 registration has already done and implemented. The rest is we are still waiting on Libos law,
 But I think we don't have any new updates on this one.
 I'm not sure whether you are aware that there's a recent change in the corporate tax number.
 So starting this year, it would be 19%.
 For publicly listed companies that have 40% floating cash.
 All the private companies from 25% of income tax becoming 22% of income tax.
 I think some incentive that government has given to the companies during this COVID situation.
 All right. Thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of friends, Jira Jangasingam from Macquarie.
 please ask your question.
 Hi, thank you for the opportunity.
 Two questions from me, please.
 first of all, you know,
 Following up on the regulatory question,
 Given what COVID has done to the industry,
 Do you think that there is an increased likelihood of industry consolidation taking place post-COVID or even as soon as 2020?
 or do you think there's too much uncertainty
 around the spectrum situation to force this?
 And related to that, you know,
 Do you see the competition facing increased network issues
 and potentially monetization issues given this COVID pandemic?
 and what do you think happens next on this front?
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 Good luck.
 Sir, I am going to answer the number to present the second on how is the modification.
 I think with the COVID and with the growth of the data,
 that look.
 experienced by all the operators.
 We do expect that all operators are already aware that we need some more capacity and
 quality as well to serve
 Thank you.
 in the country uh with this with uh i think without uh thinking about monetization uh with the i
 I think profit margin that our competitor already met today, it is supposed to be kind
 not coming to more, let's say, intense competition in the pricing.
 This is better than monetizing this one.
 We already see one of the competitors, although they provide unlimited, but unlimited based
 based on the situation that a customer needs to consume the mine quota it's been
 still they are thinking about
 I think
 modification of this one.
 I know that they are trying to reduce the unlimited package, because with this capacity
 demand, they need to invest more. I think without a justified price, they are not going
 to make an imagine.
 I think it's supposed to be making a bit more rational thinking on how to monetize RFMD.
 And I think the consolidation of post-COVID, it is quite difficult to answer the question.
 question. It is supposed to be a
 And from a long, long time ago, we believe that I think a maximum power of the operators
 It's going to be better for the industry.
 the less number of operators becoming healthier in that week,
 I think the layer is going to be more external.
 We believe this is supposed to be based on business rationality.
 Whenever it is going to happen, basically, we support the industry consolidation.
 because that's going to make the interesting out here.
 Based on, I think, considerations of the government, I'm going to think also what I expect to
 has there been any clarity
 with regards to spectrum in the consolidation process,
 So that's still the big unknown.
 Thank you.
 still unknown on that one, but if you ask whether when we think about 5G, I think spectrum
 needed is supposed to be bigger, that can be also another reason for consolidation to
 Okay, just to add some of the point on top of what we just said, I think post-COVID,
 The need of the industry to become healthier is in the bigger interest of everybody.
 So, it means that there could be, of course, a different one of them, but, and also can
 be something like that as it's worth
 I re-mention is monetizing
 the
 the renal block in a better way.
 So we do expect that all operators can be more rational in the competition.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Once again, ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone.
 Well, your next question comes from the line of Nicole Margaronis from Danarexa.
 please ask your question
 Yeah, good afternoon, and thank you for the opportunity.
 two questions
 which arise from some
 news that
 surfaced from
 media
 First is about
 potential
 monetization of towers
 and
 And secondly, the potential partnership with Netflix.
 So if you can give us some color on these two topics and whether you believe if adding
 into your product portfolio would increase the ARPU.
 would increase the ARPU.
 And maybe one more question on,
 question on we see that data yield for telecom cell for the fourth quarter coming down and we
 heard about Singtel
 commentary on
 telecom cell
 is
 the data yield came down further in the first year 2020.
 And, yeah, and how to connect this with your argument that the competition will moderate going forward this year.
 Thank you.
 Okay, I'll take the tower question.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, we are not in a hurry to do any
 in our business, I think that the way we see this business is somewhat different probably
 compared to any other operators
 of any other independent power providers.
 So we treat it as an important enabler to support our business, particularly our mobile
 Having said that, we are open for any obviously benefit, if there's any clear benefit from
 but not in the near term.
 So, but we do realize the importance of power, especially when 5G comes around, whereby we
 We need better or more density of powers if we have 5G, right?
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 So, okay.
 I was going to...
 Can I...
 Thank you.
 Go ahead, go ahead, please, go ahead.
 Oh, yeah, thank you.
 Yeah, yeah, thank you, Paredic.
 Basically, what are the options for you available?
 Is that widening your tower portfolio or taking it IPO or, yeah, what are the options for
 for towers in front of you.
 Thank you.
 Oh, weird, weird.
 It's basically open for any option.
 We're not, you know, as of now, we're not seriously thinking any particular option.
 and as I said earlier,
 We're not really in a hurry to execute anything with regard to our business monetization any
 time soon.
 Okay.
 okay thank you
 Thank you very much.
 Okay, I'm going to go on. The second question is on Netflix.
 We are in the middle of discussion with them, and so far it's progressing quite well.
 the discussion was
 focusing on two things.
 One is on the compliance with the regulatory, and the second one is the protection of the
 subscribers.
 So, I believe we are closing the gap between the two, and once
 Thank you.
 We're going to be opening the access to Netflix, both in Indie Home and Telkomsel.
 Thank you.
 Also, like your question on that,
 Thank you.
 Part of our plan is to increase our, possibly our ARKU.
 Yes.
 Actually, video like YouTube and many other content is one of the different people using
 data connectivity
 the permitting
 is we need to provide I think with options for our customers you know just
 It's important to stay with us and also make the consumption of the drug and also make
 and some also profit out of these services.
 I think many other malls besides of the video, we have games and etc.
 I think digital services in order to increase the output that we have.
 question and the third question about how is the other in things that are called as I
 statement saying that probably
 data yield can be lower. That can be possible. What we actually might focus on is to increase
 the productivity of our customers in order to increase the output as long as we can have
 that one. That's why we have, let's say, the package, daily package to our customers, because we have the
 and a relevant demand on daily data from people that could just let them begin.
 in addition to that one
 This is also only available when I say one day, three days and et cetera.
 This is going to increase, I think, the consumption of our customers.
 In return, we are going to increase the output in terms of, so we will now sacrifice our
 So we'll be here on this one.
 but more, I think, a kind of creativity to increase the food and the wellness thing
 .
 Thank you.
 activity because some of these
 Capacité en la vie vétérale.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 There are no further questions at this time.
 I would like to have conference back to Mr. Andy Setiawan for closing remarks.
 Please continue.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, everyone, for participating in today's call.
 and should you have any further questions
 Please feel free to contact us directly.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call.
 thank you for participating.
 You may all disconnect.
 Thank you.