 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to telecoms, full year of 2019,
 the results of conference call.
 At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode.
 after the speaker's presentation,
 There would be a question and answer session.
 To ask a question during this session,
 you will need to press Tar-1 on your top down.
 Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.
 I would like to hand a conference over to your first speaker today, Mr. Andy Setia 1.
 Thank you.
 Thank you so much for watching.
 Before we start, let me remind you that today's call and the response to the questions may
 may contain forward-looking statements in the meaning of safe harbor.
 Actual results could differ materially from projections, estimations, or expectation
 Sir?
 Sahari MSN as finance director, Mr. U-Healthy Abidin as network and IP solutions director,
 Mr. Edwin Aris-Tiawan as Social and International Service Director, Mr. Bogi Wichaksono as Enterprise
 and Business Service Director, Ms. Siti Hoiriana as Consumers Service Director, Mr. Ahmad
 Sugyarto as Strategy Portfolio Director, Mr. Faisal Fjumadi as Digital Business Director,
 and Mr. Eddie Wichara as Human Capital Management Director.
 present at the Board of Director of the Council, Mr. Setianto Hantoro as President Director,
 Mr. Harry Supriyadi as finance director and Ms. Rachel Goh as marketing director.
 I now hand over the call to our CEO, Mr. Derek Adrianza.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Andy.
 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
 Welcome to our conference call for the full year of 2019 result.
 We really appreciate your participation in this call.
 Ladies and gentlemen, for the full year of 2019 of export, when this is in the home,
 became the engine of growth and continue to demonstrate a strong performance.
 very little business also sold from those on the back of solid data traffic in line
 with 14 network quality and coverage.
 in the meantime, at the first distance,
 experience.
 down as we deliberately reduce our exposure of so much in business and partly due to circular
 For the full year of 2019, Telecom managed to book a 3.7% year-on-year growth in review
 535.63 EUR, while EBITDA and net income grew by 9.5% and 3.5% year-on-year respectively.
 As a result of modest growth in total expense of 1.3 percent, our end-of-merging recovered
 about 37.8 percent or 2.6 percentage point increase from that of 2018.
 This flows from operating activities with a historical high of $54.9 trillion, a jump
 by 20.3 percent year on year.
 Fixed both then business through indium became the growth driver, continuing at strong performance
 The revenue grew by 28.1% year-on-year.
 While in mobile business, the income side of the business grows strongly by 23.1 percent
 and successfully compensate legacy business to decline.
 in the month during full year of 2019 or fixed burden indium posted remarkable performance
 Indian added two million new subscribers during the year of 2019, so it's seven million
 of unsubscribable.
 and subscribers.
 Illinois contributed $18.3 trillion in revenue, or jumped 28.1 percent year on year.
 In an effort to generate more revenue, we continue to push around sales such as up-to-date
 speed upsell to triple play, mini packs, packages, moving, and additional set of boxes.
 Atoms contributed to around 13.6% of total ingebration in full year of 2019.
 In line with the higher economic scale, we successfully improve the ill-advanced margin
 from 25.6 percent in 2018 to 33.9 percent in 2019, getting closer to global standard.
 In 2020, we touched to add another 700,000 new subscribers lower than last year due to
 floods in the beginning of the year and also the COVID-19 pandemic.
 Ladies and gentlemen, on the mobile side, these are business through profession of high quality
 broadband connectivity and parity of digital services become the main growth engines.
 digital business increase significantly by 23.1% to 58.2 trillion, driven by 22.3% increase
 in data and 29% in detail service.
 In 2019, digital business accounted for 63.9% of total council revenue, increased significantly
 from 53.0% for the same project a year ago.
 And then in time, the commercial legacy business continued to decline due to natural transition
 from legacy to data together with the various opportunities.
 Overall, it becomes self-financing and brings to the fore in the full year of 2019, recovery
 revenue, EBITDA and net income growth of 2.1%, 3.7% and 1.2% respectively.
 And the margin improved by 0.9 percentage point to 54 percent amid the training legacy
 business.
 We continue our strategy to protect high value customers by providing services according
 And at the same time, we pay a lot more attention to youth market by giving attractive choices
 to digital channels.
 We keep investing to setting another quality and coverage to provide the best experience for our customers
 We deployed more than 23,000 new big gases during full year of 2019 over 4G base.
 By the end of 2019, they come sales on a VTS to target around 200,000 and 2,000 units.
 76.3% of which were 20 and 40 to support data traffic that increased by 53.6% year
 year-on-year. Our enterprise business declined by 11.2% year-on-year as we intentionally
 They reduce low margin business and shifted our focus on more profitable services such
 data center and cloud and also to separate the quality of characteristics in an effort
 to extension data center and companies. We are building more than 3,000 back of data
 and the first stage is expected to commence a person in April next year.
 In the long run, we tend to beat another 600 of data centers.
 Our host international business segment recorded 10.6 trillion in revenue or grew by 5.2 percent
 compared to the same period last year.
 The segment is the enabler for other segment intercom group, in particular for more private
 It's very important and strategic in providing international support, while at the same time
 I see.
 of external customers. It is reflected in telecom-facilitated results.
 Brazil and international business contribute around 2.8% of total concentrated group revenue.
 In 2019, Telecom Group spent 36.63 million of capital expenditure of 27% of revenue,
 mainly utilized to enhance our mobile and fixed line network infrastructure.
 The mobile services capacity was utilized to further improve quality and capacity as well
 as IP system enhancement. While in text language, this is primarily utilized to develop fiber-based
 access and backbone infrastructure to support fixed as well as mobile broadband
 business.
 A small portion of the context was assigned to every project such as the work.
 .
 that we experienced early 2020 has undeniable impact on the overall economy, including the
 Well, we conduct our tactical action to help alleviate the impact of COVID-19 crisis.
 We anticipate that we will be able to continue to work on this issue.
 that our performance here will be quite effective, especially in the pandemic, prepares to work
 at least, there is such a quarter.
 due to high uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 we are still unable to provide any guidance for 2020,
 Nevertheless, since the end of the first quarter this year, we have been performing strict
 cost-cutting measures as part of our commitment to maintain profitability.
 In any case, the maintenance of the quality and coverage depends on the capacity of the
 around 25% of revenue in 2020.
 That is ending my remarks.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Paririk.
 We will now be the end of the session.
 If you have any questions, please really state your name and your company.
 operator, may we have the first question please.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question and answer session.
 If you wish to ask a question, please press Tar-1 on your telephone and wait for it to
 to be announced.
 If you wish to cancel the request, please press a pound of hash key.
 Please know there will be a short pause as the questions are being collated.
 We thank you for your patience.
 Your first question comes from the line of Miang Chun-Kol from Goldman Sachs.
 Please ask your question.
 Hi, uh, good afternoon.
 So three questions from me.
 Firstly, can we have an update on the mobile competition that we are seeing here today?
 I don't have any significant change compared to last year.
 Secondly, it's on your next show service.
 You talked about definitely a very key driver of growth.
 I'm wondering whether, for telecom sale,
 Are they able to also monetize on some of those services like, let's say, video streaming
 on mobile financial services, or are we simply monetizing Lashy Truth-Stelling data for that?
 And then last day, I'm wondering on eating the whole, right?
 I mean, what is sort of the normalized or longer term
 be the margins that we can probably get to, you know, we're seeing obviously a nice increase
 in margin last year.
 Thank you
 Good afternoon.
 Hi, I'm Rachel Calcumstall.
 Just addressing your first question regarding competition.
 So, if referring to year 2019, we see that none of the other competitors in the top
 We have achieved any significant monetization of data,
 data, which is pretty much stable, co-inviting, in terms of the, and also to take note that
 that position of data revenue, telecom sales still managed to achieve a significant change
 of the revenue for data and pricing wise it still remains, it was very competitive in
 in terms of price in 2019, especially towards the end,
 when you saw one of the top three operators here
 when going into unlimited, which push the RPNB extremely low.
 a question would be then what's next after the unlimited offering.
 We also see in terms of competition,
 increased competition in XJava because of the expansion
 of our competitors' network in George Java and HEMS,
 You know, it's how they will play the prime game
 to achieve revenue share.
 In Java itself, we see it pretty stable, and it's something which could be an opportunity
 We'll talk about that in a little bit more detail.
 I hope that has responded to your question on competition from Telcom sales point of
 of you, we will continue to focus on renewables, on maintaining competitiveness in our network
 quality and also especially in our high value segment who are very concerned with quality
 and also the variety of packages and non-data services that we offer, which lead me to the
 the next point about, yes, we are monitoring not only for data, we're also growing in terms
 about gaming business as well as our video business.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, we'll be keeping up.
 What's going to do with it?
 Okay, for the third question, at least for the next couple of years, we believe the EBITDA
 I imagine will gradually move towards mid-30 level, so around 35% level, and then we hope
 in the long run it could be getting stronger as we've been strengthening the digital touch
 points whereby make it easier for customers to reach us and at the end it would reduce
 the OINM cost, which helps the evidence.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Piyush Chowdhury from HSBC. Please ask your question.
 Yeah, hi.
 Hi, good afternoon.
 a couple of questions. Firstly, the question for Ms. Raishal, for telecom cell is for 2020
 kind of medium term is the strategy now to maintain the market share revenue market share
 or is it to improve the revenue market share and if you can share what are the initiative
 taken to achieve such goals and how has been the response to the buy.u product if you can
 and share that.
 Secondly, on the impact of COVID,
 Could you specifically share how is the impact
 from the non-mobile business particularly the enterprise business.
 And thirdly, could you share what are the various cost efficiency initiatives taken
 by the company to maintain our market.
 Thank you.
 Hi, Rachel here.
 So I'll address on your 2020 question number one strategy regarding revenue market share
 improve or maintain of course as an organization we always want to increase our revenue market share
 However, we will always focus on just being able to see and help off the revenue market
 share.
 So this is very much in line, market share, revenue, market share leadership is key for
 rest and also that is supported by our aim to you know keep investing in our
 And that was to make sure the quality is very good
 because we will be focused on high quality
 in high-value technical level customer space.
 And all the initiatives we have put in place so far,
 So you have seen how we pushed out a variety of new products
 which is our Cotas Getegnan, which is our sachet packages,
 as well as a combo stack key.
 This was in the hallowed post-picture space.
 to be pushing out how to kick, I think, in the first half of this year, this was the
 you know the true star pieces to push out and although the LPMB has declined, what has
 been very, very encouraging for us is that the art pool has been accretive.
 So, hearing it, it shows that there is demand for telecom sales network quality that is
 potential for growth in payload. So, the pricing work we have done in end of June 4, 2019 is
 studying the weak results for us.
 So, to answer you, yes, we want to continue to maintain and improve our revenue market
 share.
 initiatives with variety, so study, adjusting, apply,
 are focusing on RP and growth in the high value segment.
 And in terms of Bayou, we are starting to see that the Bayou base that come online is
 is exactly what we're going after, the digital segment.
 So the numbers are big, but they're improving.
 And what is important to note is that R2 and the data
 utilization of the value base is actually high compared to the average customer.
 So that's what we have hope that answers your question.
 Yes, it does.
 Yes, it does. Thank you.
 Yeah, no, specifically within the non-mobile segment, if you could share what's the kind
 of impact you are seeing on the enterprise business, what should we expect in 2020?
 Thank you.
 Yeah, hi, Ph. I carry here.
 So we have started to see a few events such as the Project
 getting delayed or even getting cancelled and you know some clients have also either
 reduce their spending or total return from some of our services, especially those who
 are in adversely impacted industry, such as hospitality, transportation, and property.
 There's also been some...
 payment delay or request to restructure the contract as well as the payment. And also
 because of the lack of mobility of people
 given the situation delivery of the project have also been delayed.
 We have been unable to determine the quantity of this,
 this. This is very dynamic.
 But admittedly, we have seen those things happening in the past couple of months.
 Got it.
 Thanks Bakrari.
 the cost initiatives, cost-out initiatives?
 Well, we've been doing plenty of things from the O&M, as well as some of the personnel
 Bye.
 training, some GNA course. It is in our strong intention to keep the same kind of EBITDA
 margin and math income margin within the year as what we have in 2019 for the entire group.
 I think it's some marketing and sales activities with current condition we use more digital
 channel right now compared to people. So, for example, not a digital channel, or a digital
 of the activities in the sales.
 This is also impacted to our cost of marketing and sales.
 We see this going to be some time in the future, but it is the trend, although we still also
 also needs to manage the traditional as we see the traditional also as part of the B2P
 in the future.
 Thank you, Pa.
 Your next question comes from the line of Colin McCullough from Credit Suisse. Please ask your question.
 Thanks for the opportunity.
 Two questions from me.
 First of all, just on Indie Home, you mentioned 700,000 target for this year.
 You also mentioned flooding in, I think, the first quarter was particularly bad, but other
 than that issue in first quarter. Intuitively, one would have thought the demand would be
 be quite strong given work from home and homeschooling etc.
 So, is it a kind of lack of end-user demand you're seeing in addition to the flooding,
 or is it sort of difficulty accessing homes because people don't want engineers to come
 to their home to be connected because they're worried about the virus, a little bit more
 on why the net add numbers are less than a million would be helpful.
 A second question related to that, if you're only looking at 700,000 net ads, why would
 your CAPEX to sales ratio not fall a bit more. I think it's falling from 27 to 25,
 said, why would it not be falling more?
 Is it related to the data center build out, if you could give us a bit more color in that
 pack area that would be good
 And then third question, just housekeeping one, the impairment charge of $1.2 trillion.
 What was the background to that distributor?
 and what is the remaining book value
 that you have in your accounts, is it likely that we'll face another impairment on that
 Those are my three questions. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Okay. In the home yet the work from home and learn from home situations have helped quite
 bit in terms of increasing our sales volume. But we are indicating that these will not
 last forever, even for the new customers, we are anticipating that likely some of them
 will either reduce their subscription or total return from the new subscription that they
 They just sign up.
 But you were also right that there's been some, because of the spreading health of the virus,
 the mobilization of our technicians has somewhat been hampered as well.
 So we have not been able to operate throughout the country, especially in those we have here
 like what what we call that zones.
 So that's for the indie home.
 In terms of CAPEX, some other purposes are still there.
 The new one is, like you mentioned,
 And if the data center one, that would cost us around 20 more than 700 billion ruby.
 Yep.
 There will be some more effects next year.
 and also to enhance the graphics in platform cell, particularly in 4G. There's also some
 Have a good one.
 We will spend for the powers and for the IP enhancement both in the top of the cell as well as in the top of the...
 on the impairment charts, this is due to the decline
 of the share price of the company.
 from more than 900 rupiah by in the beginning of 2019 to around 300 rupiah at the end of 2019.
 So this is purely an accounting treatment that we have to do, but in the company's book
 itself, the remaining book value is still around 500 billion Rupiah as per end of 2019.
 We are exploring ways to mitigate potential for the risk with regards to this, but the
 the first thing would happen, right?
 if the share price strengthened, then, you know,
 We will see summary first thing that will happen.
 I think to have an explanation on the topic, part of this topic basically is coming from
 top of the world, but we can, uh, there's actually this, uh, uh,
 The demand rate happened by the demand, and the demand rate has not increased from year
 on year.
 We need to maintain the quality we provide to our customers.
 we need to bring one more for the capacity and quality.
 What did you do?
 Got it. Very clear. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of author, Pineda, from Citigroup.
 Please ask your question.
 Hi, thanks for the opportunity. Several questions, please.
 Let's see on the enterprise segment.
 What grows the big loss in enterprise in the fourth quarter?
 So you're basically booking segmental profits until nine months and book the massive loss
 even though there was a big jump in revenues.
 Can we get clarification there?
 The second question is with telecom sales.
 What can you do?
 we've done to address the revenue market share slippage.
 So if you look at Singtel's recent disclosure,
 You can see that revenue growth still lags versus peers.
 We know that your game work's already far better,
 versus everyone else, but what needs to be done
 so that you can grow alongside market.
 And that's the question is how to keep in question.
 All right, we're there.
 Any other one else?
 for the period.
 Thank you.
 So I think that's all I can say on this one.
 You can see in the first one, 90, we still have a lot in the desktop.
 We do experience the things you find in the kitchen in Java,
 the presentation, the focus of the research,
 Officially, we list our after-parts of this year's report.
 We can distribute from the Intel complex to our quarter-by-quarter data,
 So, if you want to add some more color in there.
 Yeah, I'll address the point about, sorry, couldn't hear clearly.
 address the point about TalcomSell's revenue market share.
 So overall, revenue share is dropped mainly because of our legacy, which is still in decline
 in decline as you know compared to the other players our voice revenues are
 because it's uniquely higher.
 However, to drill down into the data and digital revenues,
 I think we're still doing quite well with our data revenue
 share of 62% amongst the big three.
 So for you to grow alongside market, we need to wait for the legacy revenues to be similar
 to what you have with your other peers.
 At the same time, we are also taking measures to, for example, continue to increase our
 network.
 investments to try to drive up our data revenues as rapidly as possible to be
 to, you know, make up for that decline in legacy as much as you can and also in other digital
 adventure that you have.
 Understood.
 Yeah
 Maybe additional info from me, if you can see our network figure right now.
 Only about 50,000 of 2G media experts are reminded.
 The best is actually the cost of 200,000.
 Actually, most of investment already discussed the data and the investment.
 You can expect by growing of the bed lot and also some additional therapies on this one.
 The long-term objective of us, besides the kind of like a secreting to the client,
 be ready to go to the end of the question and how the margin was in every session.
 Yes.
 And that's one of the questions.
 After for your first question on enterprise, in 4th quarter we have to book some additional
 provision for doctor account in the business.
 I think that most of the things like the performance
 decline.
 Yeah.
 Thanks, Bakari.
 Is it possible to disclose what that number would be?
 So we can better see the output for FY20.
 and the provision in the port quarter.
 uh... yes
 uh... slightly below four hundred billion
 around 380-390 billion.
 Okay, understood.
 And are there any other one-off items being booked in the period?
 Beside the impairment that we just talked about, there's nothing else.
 Understood.
 Thank you.
 Thank you
 Welcome.
 Your next question comes from the line of French and Sharma from JP Morgan. Please answer question
 Hi, good afternoon, and thank you for the call.
 A couple of questions from my side.
 Firstly, with the impact of COVID,
 have you seen any change in consumer behavior
 in the first quarter and also in April and May,
 Have you seen a movement of customers between operators
 consolidation, rising spend, if you can say any color that would be helpful.
 question is on dividend has there been an announcement made on it and how should we
 think of the policy.
 Lastly, can you share any update on any regulatory changes that might be impending in Indonesia?
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 first person in fact of profit and the change of customer behavior.
 Maybe today I already mentioned to you why it's happening more quiet.
 Now, more people using the modern channel and digital channel, which is around 60% of
 those other transactions happening in the digital channel.
 Second, actually the traditional channel also of what maybe 20% they are not really operating
 but with the digital channel that I think spread across the country, we still maintain
 to have the similar figure of the dynamic sense that I'm getting on the hand.
 I think if we see this one, we can see it. Actually, this is a good trend for us besides
 In fact we also still need the traditional
 channel when we do the blog the new business later on and what is the I think
 Again, the traditional channel in the center of the, I think,
 not necessarily becoming a point of the transaction.
 section.
 And again, this is the channel to do this one section.
 So I think a lot of the change in the customer behavior
 in which they are becoming much more digital now compared to before.
 Yeah, maybe adding to that
 We also have seen tremendous uses of internet in our network through IndieHome.
 The latest data that we can share was 9.6 terabytes per second.
 That was by early April, which was 11% increase from
 from mid-March when the pandemic literally started in Indonesia, so 11% increase in two weeks.
 and also in terms of
 of self-volume or new installation volume of indie home per day at the end of March and
 in April, until maybe the beginning of May,
 we saw like around 8,000 to 10,000 per day,
 even though now has somewhat reduced to the, you know, quote, unquote, normal level of
 from 5,000 to 6,000 new installation for me.
 For your second question, and then on dividend, we, as we speak, we have still been communicating
 with the Ministry of State and Enterprise in terms of the, you know, the dividend that
 that we will, for sure, we'll amount it at our AGM on the 19th of June.
 And in the, I think the first question on the,
 some applications that are very popular right now like Zoom, Teams, and even our own applications
 Sorry.
 Hi, I had a question on the regulatory changes.
 is if anything is impending.
 And so the line was unclear, but had you mentioned that they
 It will be like 700,000 net ads on indie homes this year.
 Thank you.
 Sorry, you're asking about the number of customers of data.
 A number of customers metize or indeed homes for this year.
 Oh yeah, that's the target of additional new customer in the home for this year.
 This is around 700,000.
 OK.
 The last question.
 On the regulatory issue, there's no, I knew I think the regulatory, the last one is about
 you may resist the action as already done and implemented.
 The rest is we are still waiting on legal cloud, but it is still lighting with new update on the cloud.
 I'm not sure whether you want to aware that there's a recent change in the auto tax number.
 So, starting this year, if it would be 90%,
 for public listed company.
 That has 50% protein.
 or the private company from 25% of income tax becoming 22% of income tax.
 I think some incentive that government has given to the companies during this competition.
 All right, thank you so much.
 Your next question comes from the line of friend Jira Jangasigam from Aquari. Please ask your question.
 Hi, thank you for the opportunity.
 Two questions from me, please.
 Thanks.
 Well, you know, following up on the regulatory question, given what COVID has done to the
 industry, do you think that there is an increased likelihood
 of industry consolidation taking place post COVID,
 or even as soon as 2020.
 But do you think there's still too much uncertainty around the spectrum situation to force this?
 But related to that, do you see the competition facing increased network issues and potentially
 in monetization issues given this COVID pandemic
 and what do you think happens next on this front?
 Thank you.
 So I'm going to answer the number to present that you can under how is the modification.
 I think with the coffee and with the growth of the data,
 a lot experienced by all the operators. We do expect that all the operators will already
 be aware that we need some more capacity and quality as well to serve the people in the
 With this, I think, without thinking about monetization,
 with the team profit margin that our competition already met today.
 It is supposed to be kind of, I think, rational for them not coming to more, I'd say, intense
 competition in the pricing. It is better to monetize this one. We already see one of the
 Although they provide the unlimited, but the unlimited, based on the situation that customer
 need to consume the main quota. It means that still they are thinking about, I think, monetization.
 The other one, I know that they are still to be used for the unlimited package because
 with this capacity demand, they need to invest more, I think without justified price, they
 not going to make any margin. I think this is supposed to be making a bit more rational
 thinking on how to monetize our family.
 And I think the consolidation of post-COVID, it is quite difficult to answer the question.
 And it is supposed to be a long, long, long time ago, we believe that, I think, a massive
 The number 12 of the oppressors is going to be better for the industry.
 the last number of operators becoming so dearly in the industry as the players are going to be more acceptable.
 We believe this was to be based on business rationality.
 So whenever it is going to happen, basically, we support the industry consolidation, because
 because that's going to make the state healthier.
 That's all I think from the direction of the government,
 I'm going to think also of what the spectrum is.
 Has there been any clarity with regards to spectrum in the consolidation process or is
 that's told the big unknown.
 No.
 I think still unknown on this one.
 But if you're up for this, when we think about 5G,
 I think spectrum media is supposed to be bigger.
 That can be also another reason for consolidation to happen.
 Just to add some of the point on top of what you just said, I think post-COVID, the need
 of the industry become healthier is in the bigger interest of everybody.
 So, it means that there could be, of course, it isn't one of them, but and also can be
 the summit like the
 it's a
 monotizing
 the
 that in a better way.
 So we do expect that all the competitors can be more
 in the competition.
 Okay, thank you, thank you
 Once again, ladies and gentlemen, if you wish to ask a question, please press star one
 on your telephone.
 Our next question comes from the line of Niko Margaronis from Danarexa.
 Please ask your question.
 Yeah, good afternoon, and thank you for the opportunity.
 Two questions which arise from some news that surfaced from media.
 First is about a potential monetization of towers and secondly the potential partnership
 with Netflix.
 So, if you can give us some color on these two topics and whether you believe in adding
 Netflix into your product portfolio would increase the output and maybe one more question
 on, we see that data yield for telecom cell for a fourth quarter coming down and we heard
 about Cintel commentary on Telcom cell. Data yield came down further in the first Q2020.
 And, yeah, and how to connect this with your argument that...
 That competition will moderate going forward this year.
 Thank you.
 Okay, I'll take the tower questions.
 Yeah, we are not necessarily to do any monetization in our business.
 I think the way we see this business is somewhat different probably compared to any other operators
 of any other independent power providers.
 So we treat it as an important enabler to support our business, particularly our mobile
 Having said that, we are open for any, obviously, benefit, if there's any clear benefit from
 from monetization, but not under any of them.
 But we do realize the importance of power, especially when the party comes around, whereby,
 You know, we meet better or more than the day of flowers if we have five key.
 Go ahead, go ahead, please, go ahead.
 Oh, yeah. Thank you.
 Good morning.
 Yeah, yeah, thank you for it. Basically, what are the options for you available with that?
 but widening your tower portfolio or taking it IPO or yeah.
 up the options for towers in front of you.
 Thank you.
 So we are basically open for any option.
 We're not, you know, as of now, we're not seriously thinking any particular option.
 And as I said earlier, Panico is not really in hurry to execute anything with regard to
 I want to be just one indication anytime soon.
 Okay. Okay, thank you.
 Good luck.
 Thank you.
 Okay, I'm going to go on the second question, it's on the next lecture.
 We are in the middle of discussion with them and so far it's progressing quite well.
 And the discussion was focusing on two things, one is on the compliance with the regulatory
 And the second one is the protection of the subscribers.
 So I believe we are closing the gap between the two.
 And once this is in the acceptable effort, we're going to be opening the access to Netflix,
 to Netflix, both in the home and the console.
 Also, like, your question on the cities are part of our plans to increase our portfolio of our art group.
 Yes, actually, PGO, like YouTube and many other content is one of the direction people
 should see in the data connectivity.
 We need to provide, I think, a good option for our customers, you know, just for them
 to stay with us, and also increase the consumption of the time, and also make some of the profits
 of these services. I think many other more besides of the video we have gained and etc.
 in this, I think, digital services in order to increase the output that we have.
 And your question is the best question, but how is the other in the thing that I would call this, I think,
 statement saying that probably the data, or I think the data here can be lower. That
 can be possible. What we actually mind focus is to increase the productivity of our customer
 Okay.
 to increase the output as well as we can have that one.
 That's why we have, let's say, the Thursday packet,
 daily package to our customer, because we have that little one, I think, demand on daily
 people that purchase that package.
 In addition to this one, this is also only applicable for, I say, one day, three days, and etc.
 This is going to increase the consumption of our customer.
 In the end, we are going to increase the output in the sound.
 We will not sacrifice our profitability on this one, but more, I think, kind of care
 to be paid to increase the food and the earn, I think, to maintain the profitability because
 because some of the capacity already is there.
 Thank you so much.
 Okay.
 There are no further questions at this time.
 I would like to hand conference back to Mr. Andy Satya-1 for a closure remarks.
 Please continue.
 Thank you everyone for participating in today's call.
 And should you have any further questions, please feel free to contact us directly.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.
 connect.