 Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Vedanda Limited QTFI 22 Earnings Conference Call.
 as a reminder
 all participants
 lines will be in the listen only more than
 there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions
 after the presentation concludes.
 Should you need assistance during the conference call, please signal an operator by pressing start and zero on your touchstone phone.
 Please know that this conference is being recorded.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Varun Kapoor from PEDANDA Limited.
 Thank you and overview, sir.
 Thank you.
 Thank you operator and good evening everyone.
 This is Varun Kapoor, Head of Investor Relations,
 and it's my pleasure to welcome you
 to our third quarter for a 22 earnings call.
 We have with us today the management team headed by Mr. Sunil Dukal, Group CEO, Mr. Ajay Gowal, Group Acting CFO, Mr. Prachur Shah, Deputy CEO of Wealth and Gas, Mr. Arun Mishra, CEO of Hindustan Zink, Mr. Rahul Sharma, Deputy CEO of Aluminium, and Mr. Shabik Mazumdar, CEO of Iron and Steel.
 with that I would like to hand over
 Mr. Dugul to take us through the presentation.
 Thank you, Warren.
 Good evening ladies and gentlemen
 and welcome to the
 Janta Limited FY22 third quarter earning conference call.
 This quarter, the commodity market witnessed heightened volatility, mainly driven by energy
 crisis, worsening supply
 situation and concern over rising costs.
 The global economy has been losing momentum because of the new variant of the COVID.
 supply chain
 disruption and elevated
 inflation level.
 changing the
 expansionary stance of
 monetary policy by central banks
 And worse-than-expected impact of Omicron variant may pose pressure on commodity demand and prices going forward.
 Indian economy has been on a relatively stronger footing, as most of high-frequency indicators
 surprise pre-pandemic level
 though some showed
 sign of slowing momentum recently.
 however
 Government push on infrastructure spending
 reviving capital expenditure
 by corporate sector
 credit availability
 less stringent curve on movement of people and material unlike previous two waves of pandemic
 and make sentiments on the lethal impact of the third wave is likely to limit the impact.
 We expect the demand for mineral metal and energy in India to remain resilient in a seasonally
 update quarter 4
 Vedanta continued its strong growth momentum this quarter, reporting its highest quarterly
 and nine monthly
 revenue and EBITDA
 despite macroeconomic and input cost advance.
 we witnessed
 steady volume
 performance
 across all of our businesses
 with aluminium and zinc
 delivering record
 quarterly performance
 we have become the sole
 producer of nickel in India
 for the acquisition of the comment,
 which complements our existing portfolio.
 all our initiatives on EIG front are progressing well
 we are making great
 strikes to
 stand by the
 commitment made on renewable energy and decarbonization.
 We are proud to announce the establishment of our 3,000 Nandagar benefiting 1,20,000 children and 90,000 plus women.
 we continue with the
 strong
 track recorder
 rewarding
 shareholder with second interim dividend payout of rupees 5019 crore taking the ytd dividend to
 record of rupees 32 per share.
 with a robust
 balance sheet and liquidity position
 with net debt
 EBITDA of 0.7x.
 We are further committed to delivering consistent growth through capacity expansion, unlocking
 operational efficiency
 to technology and digitization
 and targeted acquisitions.
 As announced last quarter, our reformed ESG vision of transforming for good
 is supported by three pillars, transforming community,
 planet and workforce. These pillars are indicative of Vedanta's
 steadfast commitment to become a best-in-class company
 and at the same time
 ensure that we are future ready
 to tackle current and emerging risks.
 These pillars are supported by nine aims.
 There have specific
 quantifiable targets
 to track over progress.
 The aim was arrived after a comprehensive teardown of material aspects
 that were evaluated by ESG rating agencies like MSEI,
 System Analytics and CDB.
 Aim 1, 2, and 3 under transforming communities.
 Commit us to keep community welfare at the core of our business decisions, empowering
 2.5 million families with
 enhance skill set
 Uplifting our 100 million women and children through education, nutrition, healthcare and welfare.
 here.
 M4516.
 transforming the planet commit us
 to net carbon neutrality by
 2015
 or sooner, achieving net water positivity by 2030, innovating for a greener business
 model.
 in 7, 8 and 9
 and Transforming the Workplace
 commit us to prioritizing
 safety and health of all
 employees, promote
 gender parity and diversity
 and inclusivity.
 Adhear to global business standards of corporate governance.
 Some of our forward targets are reduce absolute DAG emission by 25% by 2030.
 deploy
 2.5 gigawatt by
 FY30
 500 megawatt
 RTC by FY25
 convert
 100% of LNE wheat
 to electric
 by FY30
 75% of mining fleet by
 every 35
 increasing
 diversity at workplace
 conserving biodiversity and working for our communities.
 For the last three months, more than 600 projects have been identified across all the BUs.
 70% of the projects are around
 improvement of our environment practices.
 25% to improve
 social practice and 5% to improve governance.
 we are making great strides
 to stand by the commitment made on renewable energy and decarbonization.
 we have taken some
 concrete action and are in the process to take some more further to realize
 these targets
 on renewable power or
 Aluminium business is the largest industrial consumer of renewable energy in India
 who procures over
 2 billion units of renewable energy
 from IF and PXIM, leading to 1.54 billion tons equivalent of CO2 reduction.
 we are in the final stages of approval
 to deploy more than 300 megawatts RTC
 body
 the
 RE adoption plans will help
 reduce absolute GHG
 emission by nearly 25% by
 Coming to EV adoption, our Aluminium business has entered into a pact with Gear India to
 deploy one of the largest leads of
 lithium-ion battery powered by
 electric forklift, substituting diesel fuel forklift with the green fleet will reduce diesel
 consumption by more than
 2.5 lakh liters
 annually, thereby ensuring 690 tons of prevented GIG emissions.
 Industrial Zinc has partnered with NORMET and EPIROC for supply of battery or power underground mining fleet.
 Electro-steel limited
 Business has also tied up with Tata Motors for EV fleet, replacing LMEs, and with EVs
 for e-bikes and e-scooter for planned local travel.
 Similar efforts going on in all our businesses and depending on the mapping of availability of such equipments in market and depending on how the market success is there, there could be opportunity for us to convert our industrial and passenger carrier vehicles to EV in the next few years.
 We are culturally moving towards
 cleaner fuels into our
 operation as the
 technology
 advancements are emerging
 Well, Landigat has signed a partnership with Gail to supply natural gas.
 This fuse switch will reduce the emission intensity of aluminum by around 10%.
 We also look at the emission intensity of aluminum.
 We are also looking for opportunities for partnering with the research institutes like Terry, Hatch, CSIR, NML, Worley, IIT Bombay to search and evaluate implementation of opportunities for adopting clean fuels like natural gas, hydrogen into our operation.
 in steel making process
 ring concentrator
 etc.
 and exploring innovative solutions for energy efficiency,
 better waste management,
 water management
 Terry is working with us on
 multiple environments
 in each
 for Water, Climate and Habitant Management.
 Further, Vedanta Gyarchigoda has planted 2.5 lakh trees so far with a record of 20,003 plantations in a single day.
 We as Vedanta has taken a target to plant 10 million trees by 2030,
 out of which our respective businesses
 have taken their own targets.
 We have taken a target to become water positive by 2030.
 we have unbounded
 an agency for water positivity
 roadmap and accounting
 across our businesses
 32% of water is
 recycle the crossover operations
 which was up 2% from last year.
 93% of our high volume
 no-toxic
 city we have to recycle
 We have taken some action like ash pond water reuse at aluminium, rainwater harvesting at
 Thank you.
 STP water usage as well
 zero-liquid discharge at our various locations to achieve water positivity.
 Similarly, on waste management, specific projects are underway to utilize 100% water.
 Balko had discharged its first flyers to civil industry
 and has partnered with National Highway 30 of India.
 So off taking, it's 12 to 15% of unknown fly ash.
 Langerhada is also engaged with cement players to utilize red money.
 I'm also happy to tell you that
 We have taken a target to get rid of fully dumped fly ash in the next two to three years' time.
 by various means
 One of those could be filling of the old dumped mines.
 We have established a diversity, equity and inclusion council
 which will independently work towards
 to oversee and promote and bring more inclusivity, diversity and equity within the organization
 and bring more women in leadership roles.
 We have a target to increase diversity at Vedanta to 30% level.
 women in leadership position to 40% level and to have 50% diversity at our corporate functions.
 With our ESG efforts, I am glad to share that
 because ESG ratings have seen an upward trend.
 Sustainability has lowered our risk score from 47.3 to 44.2.
 BJSI ranking has improved
 from 86th percentile to
 89th percentile.
 MSTL has upgraded us to B
 In 2021, post-CCC ratings are more than five years.
 GDP Climate Change Rating
 is that we
 into
 2021 from
 the
 in
 2020, we are
 deeply settled by the loss of
 two lines in quarter
 two or quarter three
 One at Adel Zawa and one at our Black Mountain Mining.
 the incident
 investigations has been completed by
 senior leadership team.
 The outcomes of the investigation are immediately shared with all sites of Avantha.
 We're deploying the learning across our site.
 Safety stand-on was conducted across all our sites with aims to communicate the learning to all employees and business partners.
 as an indicator response
 an engagement session and workshop
 were conducted
 Revolver COs and HSE Health
 for fatality prevention initiatives.
 to avoid such
 incidents in future, mechanization of activities such as face charging, secondary blasting,
 breaking is being implemented
 in a time-bound manner.
 Management has also decided to earn standardization of firing points
 across all underground minds at Vedanta.
 To ensure that all employees go back home safe,
 The programs like critical risk management
 Cross Business Audit Program, ICM, ICM, Quality Safety Investigation, and Safety Community of Practices have been initiated.
 Now turning to our business vertical
 Aluminium
 yet the name
 would have been
 exceptional
 water
 with
 highest power
 meter
 production of
 578 KT
 which is up
 16% wire-wise.
 the ending of production
 after launching a refinery was down
 8% QoQ
 to
 planned annual maintenance schedule
 but was up 16%
 wire-wise. Aluminium
 COP was at
 $2055 per ton going to input commodity headwinds, especially power cost.
 This quarter saw a beta margin of 29%.
 In our effort to be among the top global leaders in Albinium,
 with sustainable tier one cost structure,
 we are very focused
 bringing an end-to-end
 structural changes and reducing market
 induced volatility.
 the ramping up of
 Aluminum definery from 2 to 5 million ton per annum is on track, which will move us towards vision to be vertically integrated across entire value chain.
 We are confident of significant cost savings post-completion of Smeltra extension and other growth projects.
 We are also taking all initiative to operationalize our coal mines, two of which could become operational in the next year.
 turning to zinc India
 This quarter saw the highest refined metal production of 261 KT, up 11% YOY and highest
 nine-month mine metal production of
 722 KT
 post the maintenance shutdown taken in quarter 2.
 integrated silver production
 who are massively down
 5% YOY in line will be lower lead production and up 14% QOQ due to depletion of silver
 WSB.
 What's up?
 purchase to get 1148
 dollar part term up to
 percent QOQ used to higher coal prices and input commodity inflation partially offset
 with higher volume and operational efficiency.
 Zink International
 business is well positioned
 for a long term value creation
 This quarter, Hamspur produced 41 KTR MIC, up 6% QoQ, but down 5% wire wire due to lower zinc recovery.
 we should be successful
 to make me go
 some of the
 the bottlenecking project in quarter three
 which will give us a
 headway for
 increasing our
 for a children quarter four.
 This is key to 575 tonne per hour enabler which will enhance processing capability by 1.5 kt MIC.
 We also saw highest nine-month NIC production of 126 KT, which was up 22% from Hemsworth.
 The quarter-three COP was up 8% worldwide due to input
 commodity inflation and down to
 for example,
 Kyokyo
 in
 nine weeks have
 MLC production.
 at oil and gas business
 what a treat
 broad production was
 159 KBOPD
 taking the Y2D average volume to 163 KBOPD.
 The natural decline in the MBS field has been offset by a continuous gain realized from
 polymer injection in Bagian HRA
 field. And new infill wealth brought online in Mangala field. In quarter 4 FY22, we shall
 continue to focus on infant
 well drilling in Rajasthan across
 and be experienced.
 Tite oil,
 type gas and
 campaign to focus on maximizing
 near-term volume and rest the natural
 decline. In
 OLEP and DSF blocks
 Early monetization is underway for Cambay and Ashram, with large target production start in quarter 4 FY23.
 OPEX cost in the current quarter was at $10.3 per barrel compared to $9.1 per barrel in
 previous quarter.
 increases
 primarily due to increasing
 polymer prices going to oil price rally.
 we are looking forward to
 continue the exploration work program in
 owner and psc blocks in addition we expect to commence share drilling in rajasthan on pilot
 basis for which
 we have partnered with
 Two business partners, Schlumberger and Halliburton.
 in Ireland
 Karnatka sales went up by 24%
 YOY and 22% TOQ where production was up 39% YOY supported by
 productivity improvement of the schedule.
 Our web margin was down 49% QOQ due to lower pig iron prices and high coking coal prices.
 We have begun commercial operation at recently acquired cement plant.
 And I'm ready.
 Thank you.
 I don't know.
 that with the successful
 acquisition of nickel and cobalt
 plant at Goa,
 Redempta has become the sole producer of nickel in India.
 In steel, the hot metal production was up 2% ROI and 20% QOQ, going to stabilize central
 plant and blast for this.
 the silicon production is up
 19% QoQ due to improved service performance.
 the margin was down
 75% wildlife and up
 125% QOQ
 due to plant-sheltered expenses
 and bad commodity prices
 partly offset by increase
 that mix to 74 percent we have rolled out e-commerce sales for online ordering we are
 further upgrading our facility to automation, digitization and various other productivity
 improvement initiatives.
 Coming to Factor, Factor is continuing its turnaround journey, achieved highest quarterly
 but it could be.
 production of 20KT
 with plant productivity enhancement by 5%.
 The ore production was up 37% worldwide through operational enhancement of both the mines.
 Our EBITDA margin was 5X Y of Y.
 ledgerly
 impacted in the last quarter
 because of high coke prices.
 At the end, I would like to reiterate Vedanta's unique position to deliver long-term sustainable value,
 to continuous focus on our strategic priorities and diversified asset base.
 I'm confident that with our renewed ESG vision,
 will be able to usher in a new era of sustainability leadership
 and be among the world's most responsible, respected and in all resource companies.
 With this now, I would like to hand over to our CFO, Mr. Ajay Goye, for the financial performance commentary.
 We'll look for you again.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Sunil, and good evening to everyone.
 we continue the momentum
 of superlatives
 coming to the
 and have surpassed the outstanding results of previous three quarters.
 This quarter witnessed our record revenue and highest ever EBITDA performance
 and a very low leverage ratio being net debt to EBITDA.
 Q3 was benefited by favorable sales realizations on the amount of lofty prices, zinc and aluminum being at historical high and also high brent.
 Occasionally, Insan Zinc and Aluminum delivered a record quarterly metal production with 11% and 16% growth YUI.
 We delivered highest ever ore and ferrochrome production at FECOF.
 This quarter, we continued with our consistent track record of rewarding shareholders with
 didn't pay out and at the same time
 deleveraging our balance sheet.
 Some of the key highlights of the quarter are
 highest ever
 quarterly
 EBITDA of 10,938
 to us.
 Up 42%.
 with an underlying margin of 37% being an industry-leading margin.
 Attributable path, before any exceptional items,
 at 4,189 crores
 higher by the 27%
 which depicts a very strong financial performance.
 R-O-C-E
 on capital employed at
 25%, which is
 with double versus last year's number of 12.5%.
 Graph debt at 50,738 crores with cash and cash equivalents of 25,207 crores shows a very strong underlying financial liquidity position.
 net debt
 at 27,000
 522 rupees
 down by 22%
 why you like this
 which is almost 7,781 crores, more than a billion dealers reaching,
 with annualized net debt to EBITDA ratio of 0.7 which is maintained at a very low level
 amongst Indian peers.
 We have a detailed income statement in the appendix.
 I want to highlight a couple of areas
 from that income statement.
 The position charge for Q3 was 2,274 crores, higher 19% YUI.
 Primarily, due to higher overall working interest
 collection.
 Diffusion charge at Rajasthan Oil and Gas
 higher ore volumes, and capitalization of zinc and aluminum businesses.
 Quarter-on-quarter,
 increased by 7%, which is in line with the business
 magnitude change sequentially.
 the finance cost for
 was
 1,216 crews
 down
 8% YUI
 majorly due to lower average borrowings and up 14% quarter on quarter,
 majorly on account of one-time gain
 the book on ASA
 bonds buyback in the previous quarter.
 The year-to-date cost stands at $8.1 million.
 Income on investment for Q3 was 516 crores, down 33% worldwide, majorly on account of
 empty a moment and due to
 one-time income in the previous year.
 Income is also down by 11% quarter-on-quarter, again due to MTA movement and utilization of
 funds for payment of dividend in Q3.
 The YTB income from investment stood at about 4.7% pre-tax.
 The normalized EPR is YTD at 27%, which is in the yearly guidance range of 26% to 28%.
 Normalized EPR, as we know, excludes any text on exceptional items and text on intra-groups
 now I will do
 I will do that
 Now, starting with the Abida bridge, why UI?
 EBITDA for the quarter, as you may have seen, is higher by 42%.
 YOY. As we can see on the chart, in summary,
 That's a significant push
 of EBITDA increase of
 3,240 crores
 from 7.7000 crore last year to almost 11,000 crore in this current year has been market
 or pricing driven along with higher volumes at Zinc Business and higher PF factors at
 tier steel from
 60% last year to more than 90% in the current year Q3.
 However, this has been partly offset by higher cost at aluminum and zinc businesses.
 overall, the absolute
 value is 1.4 times
 of last year.
 the important.
 Moving on to Abida bridge, seek Venisli.
 for the quarter
 is higher by 3% quarter and quarter.
 so as is evident from the grid
 The market and regulatory forces have negatively impacted our margin by 337 crores,
 with commodity prices alone showing gain of 1,000, 1,42%.
 this is opposite
 by input inflation of
 1655 crores, majorly
 of alumina and coal at aluminum and also at ESL and IUD sector.
 On the operations trend, the higher volumes at zinc, iron and TSP businesses were partly
 offset by higher cost in aluminum zinc and oil businesses overall the higher metal prices and
 inflation and input size
 ruins
 working things
 for the quarter
 both
 QQ and year-on-year
 They don't have different varnages.
 Moving on to next page on NetDebt Bridge.
 Net debt as of December 31st stands at 27,572 rupees, showing an increase on quarter-on-quarter basis, partly due to investment in the working capital, which is in line with the revenue growth this quarter, and also on payment of dividends in the current quarter.
 Net debt on YUI basis has reduced by 7,781 crores, more than a billion, which is deleveraging.
 I want to underscore this point
 that in Q3,
 as a group
 he paid almost a billion dividend
 at the same time
 we deliverished
 balance sheet
 by your
 villain. That I think is quite
 significant, I think,
 moving on to the balance sheet
 long-term focus on balance sheet
 management is a key
 intervised priority for the
 them.
 The average maturity of term debt was about 3.5 years.
 and YTD borrowing cost at 8.1%.
 The credit rating has been shown upwards momentum with positive outlook by India rating.
 did the same.
 in the previous quarter, Q2.
 With net debt to EBITDA of 0.7x, we maintain it at a very low level amongst Indian peers.
 in summary overall
 With an excellent QC performance, we delivered both profitability and deleveraging.
 at the same time
 staying the course on rewarding
 shareholders with handsome dividends
 and living a stronger
 balance sheet. With this, we are very well positioned to close the year strong. Thank
 Thank you and back to the operator for any Q&A.
 Thank you very much.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-answer session.
 Anyone who wishes to ask a question,
 may press star and one on the touch-tone telephone.
 If you wish to remove yourself from the question queue, you may press star and key.
 Participants are requested to use answers while asking a question.
 ladies and gentlemen
 We will wait for a moment while the question
 Thank you, Mr. Campbell.
 The first question is from the line of Amit Dixit from Edelweiss.
 please go ahead?
 Yeah, good evening.
 thanks for the opportunity and
 of Congress relations for a good set of numbers.
 I have two questions.
 the first one is on your
 ESG initiatives
 and
 And thanks for articulating them in so much, PJ.
 you know
 what the
 I have observed is that
 a lot of your peers
 particularly, you know, the global
 deals. They are
 are building some kind of a portfolio
 of low-carbon aluminium.
 So are we also thinking along the same lines?
 And if so, what is the roadmap for the same?
 uh
 deck is
 my first question.
 The second question is on the rationale of acquiring NICOMET.
 I mean, while, so what is your ultimate strategy for that?
 Do you plan to increase the capacity at that plant?
 And since there are no nickel mines, of course, associated with the acquisition, how do you plan to derive value from that?
 Thank you.
 I'll go one by one.
 and ESD in Alvinium
 Basically, you must have heard in my commentary that there are certain initiatives like converting
 the forklifts to the EV
 driven forklifts
 tying us with gale
 and
 we also
 said that
 last quarter we purchased the Maximari
 and
 amongst all the
 industrial complexes in the country, we were the maximum user of RE.
 But to give you a comfort of what else we are trying to do, we said that we are trying
 we are tying up and collaborating with the world
 major
 like
 had
 what
 Lee,
 7,
 that I had to
 pity
 so we are partnering
 with them
 work on the technology
 is there
 the carbon footprint could be reduced, which could be, you know,
 the example is the green anode
 some people, global
 player, the aluminum players are working on that
 something similar
 we are
 trying to
 partnering with them but as we also said that we are in discussion and we are in an advanced stage
 of signing the PTA for
 500 megawatt of
 Roundy Club Renewable Balance
 It is across all of our businesses.
 A major part of it is also bearing aluminum oxide.
 So the net-to-net, what we are trying to do
 is that we are trying to make a strategy which is a long-term.
 and a rolling strategy for 3 years, 5 years, 10 years, 15 years, as to earn the complete
 value chain, how do we
 want to go about
 Making our operation carbon net zero on our promise of 2015 or before.
 So that was, I think, your first question.
 The second question is on Nikomed.
 why do you look like?
 So this is one area which actually matches with our strategy and our portfolio.
 and
 you know, in our journey of ESG also
 so
 the nickel is one of the key metals
 apart from which you originally
 steel or the
 coatings or the alloys
 one of the applications
 which is emerging is
 the
 batteries
 So here we wanted to put a foot on the ground and in that direction we have acquired this
 it's interesting
 and we'll be commissioning this set in the next one, one and a half, one stream.
 As of now, we are trying to tie up for the raw material, but ultimately our objective
 ways to become integrated.
 and we are looking at the opportunities globally
 for which I can
 There won't be any information to you at this point of time.
 but that is what the intention is
 But let me also tell you that we have a domestic consumption of around 36-37 KT of nickel per
 dollar.
 of which this operation has a capacity of 7 to 8 kT.
 100% of nickel today is being imported.
 With this operation starting up, we will be meeting a requirement of 7.8 KT out of a total requirement of 36 KT.
 but still there is a huge scope
 and requirement for India
 to build its own capacity of the nickel production.
 Thanks for the elaborate answer, sir.
 just on NikoNet
 I mean
 what is the
 ultimate capacity
 you're looking at
 and what is
 What's that?
 the returns that we can expect, let's say,
 the next three years.
 It is a strategic decision which we have taken to commission the smelter and build the technology and understand the technology.
 ultimately if we
 will be able to
 you know
 acquire some mining asset globally uh we we we should look at sufficiently good margin which are
 you know, equivalent to
 other businesses of at least 20-30% of the EBITDA margin.
 But as of now, we are just focusing on how we get our hold on the ground and start the
 operations.
 Okay, great. Wonderful. Thanks and all the best.
 The next question is from the line of Ritesha from Investec.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, sir. Thanks for the opportunity.
 I have a couple of questions first.
 So congratulations for a good set of numbers.
 Sir, first question pertains to VRL, if you could highlight what is the current United
 position, I think we had indicated that we were planning for
 certain repayments
 and the second
 half of the year and corresponding to this how much will be the maturity on bonds term loans
 and how should one look at their interest outgo
 say from now till March
 that's on the
 That's the first question, sir.
 Yeah, sure.
 So if you look at the VRL, the net date position as of December is about 9.3 billion.
 and additionally we also have that
 into public loan almost 0.7.
 So say $9.5 to $10 billion is a net debt for the BRN.
 and as you may have seen in the past
 after paying the first dividend.
 the VRS press statement
 which spoke about
 deleveraging of 0.3 billion in the first half
 And the additional point, five in the second half.
 So net net 0.8 billion is a deleveraging on a company base in the current fiscal year.
 Now, so far as maturities are concerned, if I speak of next rolling, next 12 months, almost 2.8 billion worth of term debt are falling for maturity.
 and as I normally speak about
 It will be a mix of both repayment and refinancing.
 Now, so far as interest cost is concerned, I mean, you may have seen the market in fact
 is a taping down.
 And you have to wait
 can watch, but typically on most
 refinancing
 We'll look at a lower rate.
 net net given our
 quality of finances, or you may have seen
 the third quarter
 and typically in our industry,
 our company sequentially
 the proof
 is the biggest quarter, both in terms of
 a bidder and free cash flow
 So refinancing, VRL, or VBL, shouldn't be a challenge.
 All right.
 Sir, last quarter you had indicated
 600 million dollars
 of debt
 cash
 for second half at VRR level.
 uh would it be possible for you to indicate how much would it be uh for jan to mash butter maybe
 that one we can we can send information to you by quarter normally we look at uh rolling as i
 as I mentioned, next to one year, and a 2.8 billion is the number.
 okay
 March clock will be
 a much smaller number
 Okay.
 Bye.
 My second question is for the building.
 I said, what is the status on Videocon, VPCL?
 and third is basically restructuring timelines,
 And fourth is basically Hindustan Zinc and Zinc International.
 How should one look at it?
 Would you go for Hindustan Zinc, Zinc International first?
 or basically would we prefer to go for
 So, I think
 I put four into one, basically incremental capital allocation
 and from the structuring standpoint.
 Thank you.
 It's very nice.
 in one voice you have asked
 and number of questions.
 I'll try to answer one by one.
 So maybe on BPC and then shipping corporations,
 the government still has not
 invited the financial bid.
 so they had
 invited the EYs.
 We participated in both the EI's.
 And as of now, we are doing the due diligence.
 And I feel that the government now should ask for the financial bids anytime in quarter
 food.
 And as it goes, we have participated in the UI.
 will definitely be interested in
 would be sex.
 Second, you said on the other health disinvestment.
 So everybody knows that the court, you know,
 everyone
 decision
 and allows the government to disinvest 29.5% share to the U.S. and suit.
 and the government is taking its own approvals
 and I think
 for the
 local OSS should happen anytime
 after they complete their own
 we have no role to play in that
 As far as ZI and ZL is concerned, I think it's a bold matter.
 I'll not be able to divulge much information on that,
 but just to let you know that
 the internet thinking
 is on and
 the
 regulatory approvals are being
 short
 as
 the regulatory approvals
 will come through. The board will
 take its own decision based on its own
 merit. And what else you
 Thank you.
 Restructuring?
 Restructuring timelines, sir.
 Yeah, and then you can.
 Maybe just the whole area of restructuring
 We covered the interviews in the last quarter, as you might remember.
 and one more thing
 I have to call off the rationale.
 the whole concept of
 say conglomeration or decomglomeration
 for value and not
 in the subject of corporate financial issues.
 The whole idea of a potential demurge, say for example, aluminum, oil, gas and iron sector
 in different listed companies
 should lead to value unlock
 which already exists.
 So, some of the parts should be more than the current whole.
 The whole exercise is quite comprehensive, and the board's guidance last time was to look at many, many options.
 We believe that the current study will get finished by this march-end.
 so by the end of the fourth quarter
 I will have more of data for you tangibly and we'll go back to the board and
 Maybe I'm not so fortunate to know about this.
 Sure, sir.
 very useful.
 I have more questions
 I'll join back
 Thank you. Thank you so much and good luck.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Vishal Chanda from Motila Loswal Financial Services.
 please go ahead.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 So my first question was with regard to the aluminum cost of production.
 So if you look at FI-19, the cost of production was close to about $1,950-odd, which fell to about $1,650-odd in FI-20.
 and we were talking about a structural reduction in aluminum cost.
 But the moment we saw coal prices spiking up, over the last three, four quarters, the costs have jumped beyond $2,000.
 So how should we look at the costs going forward?
 would it be more related to
 coal driven
 or it would
 be
 or we can see some structural reduction going forward.
 so thanks for that
 I agree that
 the last quarterly cost
 has gone up, majorly
 because of the
 pool.
 Combination of the linkage realization, the auction prices going up, and to mitigate the
 price.
 We had also to import some coal or purchase some coal from the aggregators
 and even
 some power
 also purchased to keep our operations on so as a combination of that you know
 the global energy crisis
 which has happened
 and the
 thanks in one way
 to the global energy crisis because of which the LME also went up
 and our margins are protected.
 So, the stocks in IPTs have built up not to the level where they should be.
 So this is more like a dynamic situation.
 I would say as far as the power cost is concerned, the worst is over.
 And in this quarter, we should be much better off.
 the reflection of that
 is already visible
 in
 quarter
 for now in terms of the
 great realization in
 in terms of the premiums on the auctions, and in terms of the global prices, and in
 in terms of the ITP stocks.
 So as a combination of that, I think we should be much better off in the current quarter.
 as far as the
 Illuminar cost is concerned, which is a factor of the API.
 API means as the will rise, the API will also rise.
 So this is a factor of that.
 But you know what we are trying to do.
 we are trying to, you know, structurally reduce the cost.
 And as the
 is building up
 It's capacity from 2 million tons to 5 million tons.
 and I think in next year
 the mechanical completion of phase 1
 will take place in H1D
 mechanical completion of phase two will deploy in H2 and steadily the plant will get commissioned
 and we will be totally insulated as far as the aluminum purchase is concerned.
 Then we have the next question is
 How shall we source to bauxite?
 the efforts are on
 efforts are on
 to get the
 Albin
 bauxite mine as soon as possible
 also to get the EC announcement of the Codingabali mine.
 With these two factors, I think some insulation will come.
 coal
 as well as coal is concerned
 we are trying to
 operationalize our minds
 as soon as possible.
 We have three mines auctioned, which we went through auctioned, Jamkhani, Kurnoyi, and
 a very good navigation.
 of this.
 we are trying to operationalize at least two of these wines in the next year
 and we want to insulate ourselves
 from the
 volatilities of the market as far as the third and fourth factor as the sheet CP
 Coke and City Pitch is concerned, which is also a factor of the market fundamentals on
 which we may not have much of a control, but there are certain regulatory issues which we can get
 you don't
 by not
 putting the import restriction by the government of India
 and we are trying to work on the advocacy
 and we will see that
 how these issues will get resolved.
 But this is what the story is there in detail.
 Rahul, you are also there on the call
 Anything you would like to add?
 no no I think
 you have to
 only one positive
 government
 for the
 last
 quarter
 to this quarter
 that you know
 last
 you
 you're talking for a glass couple of
 quarter for
 the trench
 five.
 I think
 with positive development which is happening
 15.6 million
 done off the corn
 and
 we
 which is almost 60% of our requirement, and that is for five years.
 So that is a positive development which has happened and which gives us a 100% security for Q4.
 And going forward also in terms of, you know, linkage as Mr. Bhopal said that the new mine,
 which we have a focus to start at least Jamkhani next year.
 So that coal side, we are pretty sure and we are pretty secure in terms of structure changes.
 and apart from that
 I think the synagogue has already covered
 in terms of our
 and in the next station
 then the
 mind side or backside
 and cold boat.
 So that's what we are looking and surely from 2.3 to 2.4, we have an action plan for 8% to 10% in terms of the cost point of view through structural change.
 so my second question was
 was with regard to the provisioning
 which has been done for the KCM mines
 And which says that the outstanding as on 31st December is still 214 crores.
 And also simultaneously, you know, we have launched a new code of conduct also.
 So, in light of the new code of conduct,
 is it possible to take a complete write-off
 because we all understand that
 uh, this particular company KCM has been under liquidation for quite some time.
 So, should we just write it off or should we continue to evaluate that 50% is still really receivable?
 excuse me sir just give me a minute
 I believe the management is not able to
 hear us. I'll just reconnect them. Allow me a minute, please, requesting the participants
 to please stay connected
 while we have the management
 reconnected.
 requesting all the participants to please stay online
 why we have the management to be connected to the call.
 We have the management reconnected.
 So you may please go ahead with the question.
 I would request you to please repeat your question.
 Yeah, sure. Thanks.
 Sir, in the press release, we have mentioned that we have taken a provision of about 213 crores for the KCM mines, while still 214 crores still remains on the books.
 Now, given the fact that this company has been under liquidation for quite some time
 and the government of Zambia
 is obviously not interested in
 giving the company or the mines to
 a bedahan tak
 how should we look at this provisioning going forward
 Is it just a technical point of
 writing it off or
 we still really expect this to be recovered
 because this has been going on for several quarters.
 and just a linked question to that
 we have released a new code of conduct.
 So we've always mentioned that we have the highest standards of the code of conduct for
 business at Vedanta.
 so what additional
 are we looking at when we are releasing this
 new code of conduct. That would be all for my sense.
 Thanks.
 Sure.
 So let me just address them, both of them.
 So starting with the KCM point first, you're right.
 first of all there is no right
 write-off on KCM
 amount on the Vedanta books.
 It's only an accounting provision.
 Total amount outstanding of the books is about 650-odd crores.
 And we provided one-third in F20.
 and another one-third last fiscal in the March.
 And there is no provision, I guess, in the previous quarter.
 that lead to the reminder
 wanted about
 the 230 auditors balance on
 as in December end.
 We think the entire amount is fully recoverable.
 the valuation for this remainder balance of one-third is backed up by your valuation by
 another big force.
 Let me add that Vedanta Limited is one operation creator ahead of, in fact, from the VRL side.
 This amount, we believe, is very much backed up by third-party opinion, fully recoverable.
 Otherwise, also, we are in active talk with the government there and all stakeholders.
 so it is
 we still believe
 and have a confidence that we should be able to, you know, get the legal support, number one.
 Number two, the advocacy efforts are also going on.
 A combination of this would lead us to restoration of our management there and we are really
 excited and committed to this mine and this mine still has a great future because this
 is one of the richest copper
 source in the world.
 So, the arbitration is going on in which place for this particular mine right now?
 So, arbitration is going on in London?
 Okay, and we are expecting a decision soon on this
 So the witnesses are going on as we speak.
 Sure.
 Yes from the core of conduct sir.
 At the same time,
 but at the same time we are in
 active engagement
 with the government there.
 Sure. I'll move to the second part, sir, what you asked about the code of conduct, sir.
 I mean, as you would appreciate the document
 is like a code of conduct. They are leaving
 documents, they need to be revised as an
 What may have changed?
 First of all, we engaged again one of the consulting firms in terms of benchmarking with the best in the country on this field being governance.
 three, four areas.
 Some areas have been embellished.
 Take an example, the law around the anti-bribery, be it UKB or FCPA, all the Indian laws.
 that section has been embellished
 made more clear
 to the employees.
 Few areas, for example, the new age laws around the privacy and GDPR has been added.
 some guidelines around how to conduct
 ourselves in social media has
 also been added. Last one
 and perhaps one of the more important areas
 is addition in terms of
 diversity and inclusion
 from Employee's viewpoint
 and Vedanta's commitment
 on renewing that we are
 equal opportunity employer has been added so with this i think our current coc uh is at par with the
 the best in the country.
 This CoC will be published on the website
 late in the week
 That's very helpful, sir.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Panarkin from J.P. Morgan.
 please go ahead
 Yeah, thank you very much.
 I've got two questions
 My first question pertains to the aluminum cost of production target.
 Now, over the years, Vedanta has consistently missed the aluminum cost of production target.
 and again this time it is based on
 higher aluminum content and 100% coal. Now, sir, can you give us a more granular clarity
 on the coal production breakup
 over the next three years?
 what is the total requirement
 and how does the company plan to achieve that over F23, 24, and 25?
 Right?
 Intimately, we want to source the complete coal through our own mines.
 So as we said that we want to operationalize at least a couple of mines in the next year
 and ramp up
 as we go forward
 So, I mean, the one ton of minimum required around 10 to 11 tons of coal.
 So 2.2 million ton requires around 25-26 million tons of coal.
 a part of it
 a major part of it will be met through the operationalization of these mines.
 Rahul, if you have some more granular details, would you like to tell that?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, but I think the
 from the school
 point of view
 basically
 your requirement would be around 25 million tons.
 And what we are looking, as I said, you know,
 when it's at that time,
 you've got to multiply
 for a month.
 60% of our volume, which is
 I'll find you.
 Apart from that, we have three core ones,
 which is, you know, one Connie,
 and if I see that
 be free,
 but
 have it
 for
 to
 will go up and give us
 almost, you know, 100%
 requirement for us
 which can be
 So, I don't know if that's what I'm talking about.
 And that's how we are building up in terms of, initially, it will be a mix of, you know, our trench files, which is, you know, linked with fiber.
 and also the
 of mine, which is going to start in next year, which will be
 been coming
 and then
 because for West
 and visually we want to move
 to our best person
 to the world?
 that's our plan
 and that's how you know we have
 clear with me
 in terms of, you know,
 again from the
 when these kind of events will take place.
 So is it fair to say that the 26 million tons of captive coal
 would be over a much longer period
 and the next three years
 would be just about ramping up some of these coal mines
 and hence the actual
 captive coal production
 would be much lower than the 26 million ton?
 No, basically, if you see that way, each mine has like 8 to 10 million kind of devastation.
 apart from them coming to 2.6 foot adders
 as a potential to also
 double, you know, and this
 three minds, which is, you know,
 Yeah, I'll see.
 level they are
 talking to the
 government.
 I'm going to say, you know,
 almost 17 years
 and I'm talking with him
 you know, maybe 30% increase, which is a really possible $31 billion.
 and two-time requirement is 25.
 So that's how we are going to manage you in the RL portfolio.
 Understood.
 And that's what it might be in Ulsa, which is closer to the plant also.
 Sure. And my second question relates to the CapEx program in the various divisions.
 Now, with the chairman also having commented about the potential de-merger into separate entities.
 Now, at this point of time, basically, aluminum and zinc account for more than 85% of the consolidated EBITDA.
 So given the fact that some of the smaller businesses may not be able to fund growth
 Capex on its own. Would it be prudent to stop
 CAPEX programs
 in non-aluminum
 in non-zinc
 till the organization structure is clear
 because if
 there is a de-merger
 then will the programs
 we fund it
 via borrowing
 on those
 entities
 We cannot give you a general detail, but let me tell you that what is the opportunity.
 I would give you a couple of examples which are, you know, not aluminum and zinc.
 One is that unfinished project of electrosteel.
 There are hardly any jobs which have to be done, around 30% of jobs have to be done and
 This will give us a complete capacity of 3 million tons.
 So, there is a question of funding, and this is a very low-hanging fruit.
 Another example is the NICOMED furnace.
 We have a capacity to produce 80 kT of ferrochrome today and there is another furnace 60 kT which is unfinished furnace.
 As we speak, we have started doing the engineering and the balance job completion discussion
 for this furnace.
 So this will take our capacity of this from 80-80 to 60-80.
 This otherwise also is one acquisition which has given us rich dividends.
 and the opportunity in the minds
 and the way the R&R
 we have raised by doing
 be drilling at a
 such a fast speed
 gives us the opportunity
 even to go beyond
 140 KT
 so but 140 KT
 we should be able to go in the next year
 itself
 we'll be
 raising the mining capacity for which also we are going ahead with the environment clearance
 And then you know commissioning this furnace. So these are couple of examples. So similarly there are
 a lot of opportunities
 in all our businesses
 where
 we will keep evaluating
 that in the near term
 what could be the low hanging fruits
 to which
 it will add
 to the abita of the individual
 entities. Otherwise also
 So we have not split the company.
 This was the proposal which was given.
 we
 from the
 subcommittee of the board
 of which I am also a member
 we are working on various options
 And based on various options and demerits, we will put up the various options to the board the next two to three months time.
 depending on what we decide at that point of time
 we will come back to the market
 that which way we are going.
 Understood. Thank you very much, sir.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of
 Sir Mangal Nawadia from Kodak Securities, please go ahead.
 Thank you for the opportunity.
 a couple of questions.
 first, is there any
 royalty for what
 to confirm what is the royalty which
 she'll be done
 thank you
 is to Vedanta resources and how has this changed in the last couple of years and is there any
 constitution of any
 revision in this
 royalty rate.
 Yeah, sure. So royalty, this agreement, in fact, was first documented in 2017 and got revised in 2020.
 So the current agreement will expire next year, sometime in Feb. March.
 As you know, the entire agreement has been actually benchmarked by the big four.
 And our rate of royalty for a couple of large businesses is around 1.5 to 2%.
 if I give you the overall quantum
 of royalty for the current fiscal.
 It is about 200 million on an yearly basis.
 This amount has been mostly paid, in fact, as an advance for the current fiscal and basis how the numbers stack up by the fourth quarter will be actualized.
 So in the current year, there is no upward revision per se.
 and this revision is falling due next year
 And as and when any revision takes place, any terms and conditions, it will be externally benchmarked, will be arm's length, and obviously will get approved by audit committee and board of directors.
 So, it's 200.
 Understood.
 So, this 200.
 Understood.
 million dollars
 is the payment for FI21.
 Is that right?
 it is for the
 It is for the current fiscal year, 2022.
 You can do it every once.
 and it will actualize in March, the fourth quarter,
 basis
 the actual
 this is for the fourth quarter.
 But the actual number will not vary by a significant number.
 Understood.
 understood
 and I'll take
 Second question is with respect to our vision in growing the steel business, there are a couple of inorganic or activation opportunities in the market which are under various stages.
 what all opportunities excite us
 and what are the plans with respect to organic and in-box
 organic growth
 in the steel business.
 So we have been evaluating
 whatever the option comes in the market.
 and you know Vedanta
 that we keep
 evaluating
 as far as
 ESL is concerned we are going to commission 3 million tons in the next one year and beyond that
 whatever the opportunity is there
 in the market
 we will evaluate and see that
 what best is for someone for us.
 Thanks.
 Excuse me, sir, does that answer your question?
 Yeah, sorry, sorry, I was on mute.
 I'll just have one small clarification left.
 So this entire restructuring exercise, which is under evaluation, I mean, is there also
 configuration of
 merging any
 entity which is outside of
 Vedanta India instilled
 with another group
 into
 with Amda
 India
 or something
 of that
 also being
 continue or just a split of existing
 without India.
 We are exploring various options.
 yeah and if I just maybe go back
 Sumangal to what we spoke in the previous quarter
 and our 17th November press release.
 So the intent was to look at restructuring.
 and I spoke to you also
 I guess when I was in Mumbai last
 sometimes in November.
 right now the thinking was around
 that aren't unlimited, and potentially
 looking at three large entities,
 aluminum,
 oil and gas,
 and iron ore business.
 had you said that
 the both mandate to the management
 is to go for a comprehensive
 review. So all options
 are on the table and we'll leave maybe a couple
 of more months time.
 So, by sometimes March end, the current quarter end will have more clarity.
 is it possible to educate us
 what are the other big businesses
 which have
 it's a
 in strategy
 connections with Vedanta India
 and the Vedanta Group.
 Thank you.
 Hello.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, requesting you to please stay connected.
 We are just trying to reconnect the line back to the conference,
 requesting you all
 to please stay online.
 Thank you.
 This is a reminder to all participants present in this conference.
 we are just trying to reconnect
 the nine-to-order management
 is resting
 if you want to please take an exit.
 Hello.
 If we have a nice conversation, please go ahead.
 Yeah, so I just was asking a follow-up that what are the other businesses in Vedanta Group which could be strategic or related to Vedanta India?
 is it possible to share the details
 Sorry, we dropped off.
 Yes, I think right now, what we spoke last time again was aluminum, oil and gas, and iron and steel.
 by which I would appreciate
 unless we have an intern alignment and go to board,
 setting them
 information
 at this point will not be up to breathe.
 Allow us a couple of months time and we will be sharing it as soon as possible.
 Understood
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Ladies and gentlemen, that was the last question for today.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Varun Kapoor for closing comments over to you, sir.
 Thank you very much, operator.
 to conclude thank you all for taking us
 the time to join us this evening if you have
 any further questions
 please feel to reach
 either me or the rest of the Investor Relations team.
 I would like to wish
 everybody a happy weekend and
 And with that, I'll pass it back to the operator.
 Thank you very much.
 on behalf of Veda Under Limited, we conclude
 today's conference. Thank you all for joining
 You may now disconnect your lines.