 Ladies and gentlemen, good day and welcome to Vedanda Limited's QTFI 22 earnings conference
 call.
 As a reminder, one part of this video is for you.
 will be in the list and only more than there will be an opportunity for you to ask questions
 after the presentation concludes.
 Should you need assistance during the conference call?
 Please signal an operator by pressing 1000 0 on your touchstone 4.
 Please note that this conference is being recorded.
 I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Varun Kapoor from Pidanda Limited. Thank you and hope to you, sir.
 Thank you. Thank you operator and good evening everyone. This is one of the four head of investor relations and it's my pleasure to welcome you to our
 a third quarter, third 22, and next quarter.
 We have with us today the management team,
 by Mr. Sunil Bukul, C.E.O., Mr. Ajego and the Acting C.F.O. Mr. Prathu Shah, F.T.T.O.
 I'm Mr. Arun Mishra, CEO of The Sun's Inc., Mr. Rahul Sharma, Deputy CEO of the Millennium,
 I would like to hand over this to Mr. Dabil to take it through the presentation.
 Thank you, Varun.
 Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Veranta Limited, the FY22-3rd quarter,
 a link on this call.
 This quarter, the commodity market witnessed heightened volatility, mainly driven by a
 crisis, worsening supply situation and concern or rising cost.
 The global economy has been losing momentum because of the new variant of the COVID supply
 high chain disruption and elevated inflation levels, change in the expansionary stance
 of monetary policy by central banks, and worse than expected impact of Omicron variant,
 They pose pressure on community demand and prices going forward.
 Indian economy has been on a relatively stronger footing,
 as most of high frequency indicators
 surprise, pre-pandemic level, though some showed sign of slowing momentum recently.
 However, government push on infrastructure spending, reviving capital expenditure by
 We'll see you in the next video.
 Take care.
 credit availability, less stringent curve on moment of people and material unlike previous
 to ways of pandemic and make sentiments on the lesser impact of the third wave is likely
 to limit the impact.
 We expect the demand for mineral metal and energy in India to remain resilient in a seasonally
 update quarter four, whether or not the continued strong growth momentum this quarter, reporting
 its highest quarterly and nine monthly revenue and EBITDA despite macroeconomic and input
 cost and range.
 We witnessed steady volume performance across all of our businesses with aluminum and ring
 delivering the record quarterly performance, we have become the sole producer of Nickel
 in India, post the acquisition of NICOMET, which complements our existing portfolio.
 all of our initiatives on EEG front-up progressing well.
 We are making great strides to stand by the commitment made on renewable energy and decarbonization.
 We are proud to announce the establishment of our 3,000 Nandagar benefiting 120,000 children
 and 90,000 plus women.
 We continue with the strong track record of rewarding shareholder with second interim
 dividend payout of rupees 5019 crore, taking the YTD dividend to record of rupees 32 per
 for share.
 with a robust balance sheet and liquidity position
 With netback, a beta of 0.7x, we are further committed to delivering consistent growth
 through capacity expansion, unlocking operational efficiency through technology and digitization
 and targeted acquisitions.
 As announced last quarter, our reformed ELG vision of transforming for good is supported
 I'll see you in the next video.
 Bye.
 transforming community, planet and workforce.
 These pillars are indicative of Vedanta's steadfast commitment to become a destined
 class company and at the same time ensure that we are future ready to tackle current
 and emerging risks.
 These pillars are supported by the I-Names.
 that have specific quantifiable targets to track out progress.
 The aim was arrived at, after a comprehensive tear down of material aspects, that was evaluated
 by ESG rating agencies like MSCI, Sustainable Analytics,
 and CDP.
 1, 2, and 3 under transforming communities commit us to keep community welfare at the
 core of our business decisions, empowering 2.5 million families with enhanced skill set,
 uplifting our 100 million women and children through education, nutrition, health care,
 in welfare.
 M45 and 6 under transforming the planet commit us to net carbon neutrality by 2050 or sooner.
 net water positivity by 2030 innovating for a greener business model in 7, 8 and 9 and
 transforming the workplace commit us to prioritizing safety and health of all employees, promote
 gender parity and diversity and inclusivity, a dear to global business standards of corporate
 governance.
 or forward targets are reduced absolute DAG emission by 25% by 2030.
 Deploy 2.5 gigawatt by FY 30, 500 megawatt RTC by FY 25,
 Convert 100% of LME feed to electric by FY30, 75% of mining feed by FY35, increasing diversity
 at workplace, conserving biodiversity, and working for our communities.
 For the last three months, more than 600 projects have been identified across all the BU's.
 70% of the projects are around improvement of our environment practices, 25% to improve
 social practice and 5% to improve governance. We are making great strides to stand by the
 commitment made on renewable energy and decarbonization, we have taken some on CRETE action and are
 in the process to take some more further to realize these targets.
 In renewable power, our aluminum business is the largest industrial consumer of renewable
 energy in India.
 It procures over 2 billion units of renewable energy from IF and AXIL, leading to 1.54 billion
 Thank you.
 equivalent of CO2 redaction, where the final stages are approved to deploy more than 300
 megawatt RTC, RE.
 The RE adoption plans will help reduce absolute GHG emission by nearly 25% by 2020.
 into EV adoption or aluminum business has entered into EV adoption or aluminum business
 to attract with Gear India to deploy one of the largest fleets of lithium-ion battery
 powered by electric for forklift. Substituting diesel fuel forklift with a green plate will
 reduced diesel consumption by more than 2.5 lakh litres annually thereby ensuring 690 tons
 of prevented GAG emission.
 industrial zinc has started with normat and epilogue for supply of battery of power underground
 mining fleet.
 Electro-steel limited business has also tied up with Tata Motors for EV fleet replacing
 enemies and with enemies for e-bikes and e-scope for planned local travel.
 similar efforts going on in all of our businesses and depending on the mapping or availability
 of such equipment in market and depending on how the market success is there, there could
 the opportunity for us to convert our industrial and passenger carrier vehicles to EV in the
 in the next few years. We are structurally moving towards cleaner fuels into our operation
 as the technological advancement of emerging, where Landigarh has signed a partnership with
 gas to supply natural gas, this fuel switch will reduce the emission intensity of the
 by around 10%.
 We are also looking for opportunities for partnering with the Dessert Institute like
 Hatch, CSIF, NML, Worley, IIT Bombay to search and evaluate implementation of opportunities
 for adopting clean fuels like natural gas, hydrogen into our operation in steel making
 process, ring concentrator, etc., and exploring innovative solutions for energy efficiency
 better base management, water management.
 Peri is working with us on multiple environment management for water, climate and habitat
 management.
 further was done by the attribute as planting 2.5 less trees so far with a record of 20,000
 2003 plantation in a single day. We as Vedanta has taken a target to plant 10 million trees
 by 2060.
 Out of which, our respective businesses have taken their own targets.
 We have taken a target to become water positive by 2013, we have unbounded an agency for
 water positivity road map is counting across our business is 32% of water is recycled across
 of our operations, which are up 2% from last year, 93% of our high volume low toxic city
 We have to recycle.
 They have taken selection like ash pond water dehumed at aluminium, rainwater harvesting
 as came, STP worker usage as available, Vero liquid discharge at our various locations
 to achieve water positivity.
 Similarly, on waste management, specific projects are under way to utilize 100 percent
 work out.
 BALCO had discharged its first fly-ass to civil industry and has partnered with National
 highway 30 of India for off-taking it's 12 to 15 percent of unknown flyers.
 Laundi had also engaged with cement players to recline Redboy.
 I am also happy to tell you that we have taken a target to get rid of fully-dumped fly ash
 in the next 2 to 3 years time by various means, one of those could be used in the next 2 to
 could be filling of the old thumped vines.
 We have established a diversity, equity and inclusion council which will independently
 work towards to oversee and promote and bring more inclusivity, diversity and equity within
 the organization and bring more women in leadership roles.
 We have a target to increase diversity at the rank of the 30 percent level.
 in leadership position to 40% level and to have 50% diversity at our corporate functions.
 With our ELG efforts, I am glad to share that
 but on top of ESG rating have seen an upward trend.
 Sustainability has lowered our risk score from 47.3 to 44.2.
 BJSI ranking has improved from 86 percentile to 89 percentile, MSCI has upgraded to 85
 us to be in 2021 post triple C rating for more than 5 years.
 CGP climate change rating is at B in 2021 from B in 2020.
 We are deeply saddled by the loss of two lives in quarter two or quarter three, one at Azad el
 and one at our black mountain mining, the incident investigation has been completed by a senior
 leadership team. The outcomes of the investigation are immediately shared with
 all sides of Vizanta. So deploying the learning across our sides, safely stand on the connected
 across all over the place with aim to communicate the learning to all employees and business
 part of it.
 As an indicator response, an engagement session and workshop were conducted with all of our
 and HSE helps for fertility prevention in each of these.
 To avoid such incidents in the future, mechanization of activities such as face-charging, secondary
 breaking is being implemented in a time-bound manner. Management has also decided to standardize
 standardization of firing points across all underground mines that go down there.
 to ensure that all employees go back home safe,
 like the programs like critical risk management, cross business audit program, ICAM, quality
 safety investigation and safety community of practices have been initiated.
 Now, turning to our business vertical, aluminium gets again written as an exceptional quarter
 with highest level metal production of 578 kT, which was up 16% YY.
 The aluminum production at our Langega refinery was down 8% QQ due to land annual maintenance
 check them.
 up 16 percent yy.
 COP was at $2055 per tonne going to input commodity headwinds, especially power cost.
 This quarter saw an increase of $205 per tonne.
 with the margin of 29%.
 ever effort to be among the top global leaders in aluminium with sustainable tier 1 cost
 structure, we are very focused bringing in end to end structural changes and reducing
 market induced volatility. The ramping up of aluminum refineries from 2 to 5 million tons
 paradigm is on track which will move us towards vision to be vertically integrated across
 entire value chain. We are confident of significant cost savings post completion of metro expansion
 and other growth projects.
 We are also taking all initiatives to operationalize our coal mines, two of which could become
 operational in the next year.
 drink India, this quadruple saw the highest refined metal production of 261 KT up 11 percent
 YOY and highest 9 month mine metal production of 722 KT, post the mentioned shutdown taken
 integrated silo production was massively down 5% yy in line with the lower lead production
 and up 14 percent QQQ due to depletion of cellulose WIP.
 The cost of production stood at 1148 dollop per ton, up to percent QOQ into higher coal
 prices and input commodity inflation partially offset with higher volume and operational
 and we can see it.
 Drink international business is well positioned for a long term value creation, this quarter
 M.S.P.C.
 to be 41 kT i m i c up 6 percent q o q.
 But down 5% yy due to lower zinc recovery, we finish successful commissioning of some
 of the debutton netting project in quarter three which will give us a headway headway
 for
 increasing our connection in quarter four.
 This is P2.
 575 comes for our enabler which will enhance processing capability by 1.5 kT MIC.
 We also saw highest 9 month NIC production of 126 kT which was up 22% from henceforth.
 The quarter three COP was up 8% yy due to input commodity inflation and down 2% QOQ in
 line with high FNYC production. At Toilet Gas Business, water-free cross-production
 of 159 kBOPD taking the wider average volume to 163 kBOPD.
 The natural decline in the NBA field has been offset by a continued gain realized from polymer
 injection in baguette, H.O.R.A.
 and new infills well brought online in Mangalipur.
 In quarter four FY 22, we shall continue to focus on infant well-drilling in Rajasthan
 across MDF fields, tight oil, tight gas and can be to focus on maximizing near-term volume
 and arrest the natural decline.
 In OLAP and DSF blocks, early monetization is under way for Canberra as a firm with
 target production start in quarter 4 avoid 23. OPEX cost in the current
 quarter was at $10.3 per barrel compared to $9.1 per barrel in previous quarter. This
 increase is primarily due to increase in polymer prices going to oil price rally, we are looking
 forward to continue the exploration work program in Polar and TSE blocks.
 In addition, we expect to commence shield drilling in Rajasthan on pilot basis for which we have
 partners with two business partners Shlumberji and Scaliburton.
 In iron ore, the NACA sales went up by 24% Y-Y and 22% QOQ, where production of the
 was up 39% yy supported by substantial improvement of the schedule.
 Our web margin was down 49% QOQ due to lower pig iron prices and high cooking coal prices.
 We have begun commercial operation as recently acquired cement land.
 We are also proud to announce that with the successful acquisition of nickel and cobalt
 plant that go up, the rampa has become the sole producer of nickel ale India.
 In steel, the hot metal production was up 2% worldwide and 20% QOQ, going to stabilize
 the central plant and block service.
 The cellular production is up 19% QOQ due to improved service performance.
 The margin was down 35% Y of Y and up 125% Q of Qs, due to planned shutdown expenses
 in higher community prices, partly offset by increased gap mix to 74 percent.
 We have rolled out e-commerce sales for online ordering, we are further upgrading our facility
 to optimization, digitization, and various other productivity improvement initiatives.
 Coming to factor, factor is continuing its turnaround journey achieve IS quarterly ferrochrome
 production of 20 KT with plant productivity enhancement by 5%.
 The oil production was up 37 percent Y-O-Y through operational announcement of both
 the mind.
 Our abitur margin was 5x, yy, medially impacted in the last quarter because of high coke
 At the end, I would like to reiterate Vedanta's unique position to deliver long-term sustainable
 to continue focus on our strategic priorities and diversified effect base.
 I am confident that with our renewed EHG vision, we'll be able to assure in a new era of sustainability
 sustainability leadership, and be among the world's most responsible, respected, and
 without the source companies.
 With this now, I would like to hand over to our CFO Mr. Ajay Goyal for the financial performance commentary.
 over to you. Thank you and good evening everyone. We continue the momentum of Superlative Connect
 Thank you.
 and have surpassed the outstanding results
 of previous three quarters.
 This quarter witnessed our record revenue
 and the highest ever visa performance.
 and a very low level of the ratio being net debt to a bidder.
 Q3 was benefited by favorable sales realizations on account of lofty prices, zinc and aluminum
 being at historical high and also high brand.
 operationally in some ring and aluminum delivered a record
 quarterly metal production with 11% and 16% growth LIUI.
 We deliver the highest ever ore and ferrochrome production at second.
 This quarter, we continued with our consistent track record of rewarding shareholders with
 the group payout, and at the same time,
 deleveraging our balance sheet.
 Some of the highlights of the quarter are highest ever quarterly EBITDA of 10,938 crores of 42%
 wider line with an underlying margin of 27% being an industry leading margin.
 At the level of that, before any exception items at 4,189 crores, higher by 27%, which
 It depicts a very strong financial performance.
 R.O.C.E. written on capital employed at 25% which is the double over the last year's
 number of 12.5 percent.
 drop debt at $50,738 crores with cash and cash equivalent of $25,207 crores shows a
 very strong underlying financial equity positions.
 next video.
 Thanks for watching.
 7,000, 5,702 rupees down by 22% YUI, which is almost 7,781 crores, more than a billion
 deal and reaching with analyzed net bit to a better ratio of 0.7, which is maintained
 at a very low level amongst Indian peers.
 We have a detailed income statement in the appendix.
 I want to highlight the couple of areas
 from that income statement.
 The position charge for Q3 was 2,274 crore.
 higher 19% YU1, primarily due to higher overall working interest fluctuation and decreasing
 Thanks for watching.
 Bye.
 from oil gas.
 higher ore volume and capitalization of zinc and aluminum businesses.
 quarter on quarter, depreciation increased by seven percent, which is in line with the
 this magnitude change sequentially.
 The finance cost for Q3 was 1,216 crores, down 8% YUI,
 immediately due to lower average borrowings and up 14 persons, quarter on quarter, immediately
 on account of one-time gain,
 We booked on ESI bonds.
 by back in the previous course.
 the year-to-date cost stands at 8.1 thousand.
 The income on investment for Q3 was 516 crores down 33%
 33% why or why majorly on account of empty moment and due to one time income in the previous
 you.
 Income is also down by 11%, quarter on quarter.
 Again, due to empty a moment and with addition of funds for payment of dividends in Q3.
 So YTB income from investment still at about 4.7% pre-tax.
 The normalized EPR is YPD at 27%, which is in the yearly guidance range of 26 to 28%.
 Normalized EPR, as we know, excludes any tax on exception items and tax on intra-groups
 Okay?
 Thank you.
 Now I move to a bit of bridge.
 Now, starting with EBITDA bridge YUI.
 A good amount of water, as you may have seen, is higher by 42 percent, YUI.
 As we can see on the chart, in summary, the significant portion of EBITDA increased of
 from 7.7,000 gold last year to almost 11,000 gold in this current year has been market
 or pricing given, along with higher volumes at Zinc Business, and higher TS factors at
 TSTL from 60% last year to more than 90% in the current year Q3.
 However, this has been partly offset by higher cost at aluminum and zinc businesses.
 Overall, the absolute adigar value is 1.4 times of last year same quarter.
 on to Avida Bridge sequentially.
 for the quarter is higher by 3% quarter in quarter.
 So as is evident from the bridge, the market and regulatory forces has negatively impacted
 our margin by 37 crores, with commodity prices alone showing gain of 1,100 crores.
 This is offset by input installation of 1655 poles, majorly of alumina and coal at aluminum
 and also at ESL and IOD sector.
 On the operational strength, the higher volume set is linked, iron, and TSP devices was partly
 by higher cost in aluminium, zinc and oil businesses.
 Overall, the higher metal prices and inflation and input size remains working thing for the
 water.
 both QQ and error near.
 There are two types of different bermiculps.
 Moving on to next page on net debt bridge.
 net debt as of December 31st stands at 27,570 crore rupees showing an increase on quarter
 home quarter basis.
 due to investment in the working capital, which is in line with the revenue growth this quarter.
 and also on payment of dividend in the current quarter.
 net debt on YUI basis has reduced by 7,781 crore more than a billion which is debt
 I want to underscore this point that in Q3, as a group, we paid almost a billion billion.
 At the same time, we deliver it, balance it, buy a billion.
 That, I think, is quite significant, I think,
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Moving on to the balance sheet, long term focus on balance sheet management is a key
 the enterprise priority for the ransom.
 The average maturity of some bit is about 3.5 years.
 and why did you bother in cost at 8.1%?
 the credit rating has been shown
 upwards momentum with the positive outlook by India rating.
 Presently, get the same in the previous quarter, Q2, with 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11,
 net debt to a bidder of 0.7x, we maintain it at a very low level amongst Indian peers.
 In summary overall, with an excellent Q3 performance, we delivered both profitability and delay
 regime.
 at the same time.
 staying the course on rewarding shareholders with handsome dividends and leaving a stronger
 balance sheet. With this, we are very well positioned to close the years strong. Thank
 you and back to the operator for any queues.
 Thank you very much.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we will now begin the question-and-answer session.
 Anyone who wishes to ask a question,
 may press star and one on the touch on telephone.
 If you wish to remove yourself from the question here,
 You may press stop and choose.
 What is the thing?
 Thank you and I look forward to seeing you again in the next session.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we will wait for a moment while the questions come to the table.
 The first question is from the line of Amitabh Dixit.
 So Miriwai, please go ahead.
 Yeah, a good evening.
 Thanks for the opportunity and congratulations
 for a good set of numbers.
 I have two questions.
 The first one is on your ESG initiative.
 and thanks for articulating them in so much detail.
 What I have observed is that lot of your peers, particularly the global peers, they are building
 some kind of a portfolio of low-carbon aluminium. So are also thinking along the same lines
 And if so, what is the roadmap for the same?
 So that is my first question.
 The second question is on the rationale of acquiring a NICOMET, I mean, while so what
 of your ultimate strategy for that.
 do you plan to increase the capacity of that plant?
 And since there are no nickel mines, of course,
 you know, at the feet of the acquisition.
 How do you plan to derive value from that?
 So, thank you.
 I'm going to go one by one.
 On ESG and aluminium, basically you must have heard in my commentary that there are certain
 initiatives like converting the forklift to the EV driven forklifts, tying as it
 and we also said that last quarter we purchased the Maximari and amongst all the interfield
 complexes in the country. We were the maximum user of RE. But to give you a comfort of what
 else we are trying to do. We said that we are trying, we are tying up and collaborating
 with the word major like Hatch, Wally, CSIRO, Terry. So we are partnering with them to work
 from the technology is where the carbon footprint could be reduced, which could be, you know,
 The example is the green, I know some people, global players, the aluminum players are working
 on that.
 similar we are trying to be partnering with them, but as we also said that we are in discussion
 And we are in an advanced stage of training the PTA for 500 megawatt of round-the-clock renewable power.
 It is across all our businesses.
 Major part of it is also there in aluminum side.
 So, the next net, what we are trying to do is that we are trying to make a strategy which
 into the long term.
 in a rolling strategy for three years,
 5 years, 10 years, 15 years as to on the complete value chain, how do we want to go about making
 our operation carbon net zero on our promise of 2015 and or or before so that was I think
 your first question.
 The second question is on NICOMED.
 Why be in a flag?
 So this is one area which actually matches with our schedule and our portfolio and you
 in our journey of yesterday also.
 So the nickel is one of the key metal, apart from the steel or the coatings or the alloy
 one of the application which is emerging is the batteries.
 So, here we wanted to put a foot on the ground and in that direction we have acquired the
 And we'll be commissioning this set in the next one, one and up on the same as of now
 Now we are trying to tie up the raw material, but ultimately our objective is to become
 integrated. And we are looking at the opportunities globally for which I can
 and I will give an information to you at this point of time, but that is what the intention
 But let me also tell you that we have a domestic convention of around 36, 37 KT of nickel per
 Lm of which this operation has a capacity of 7 to 8 kT, 100% of nickel today is being
 with this operation starting off we will be meeting a requirement of 7, 8, 8, 8, 8,
 But still there is a huge scope and requirement for India to build its own capacity of the
 Thank you for the elaborate answer sir, just on Niko met, I mean, what is the ultimate
 capacity you're looking at and what is what are the returns that we can expect let us
 the next three years.
 It is a strategic decision which we have taken to commission this matter and build the technology
 and understand the technology.
 Ultimately, if we will be able to acquire some mining
 at the end of the day, we will be able to acquire some mining
 at globally, we should look at sufficiently good margin
 sufficiently good margin which are equivalent to other businesses of at least 20-30% of
 be able to live with.
 But as of now, we are just focusing on how we get our hold on the ground and start the
 operations.
 Okay, great. Wonderful. Thanks and all the best.
 The next question is from the line of Ritesha from it invests, please go ahead.
 Hi sir, thanks for the opportunity. I have a couple of questions first. Congratulations
 So good set of numbers.
 first question pertains to VRL. If you could highlight what is the current connected position,
 I think he had indicated that we were planning for certain repayments in the second half of the year
 And corresponding to this, how much will be the maturity on bonds,
 term loans and how should one look at the interest out go say from now till
 much that stuff on the VRL that's the first question sir. Yeah sure. So if you look at the VRL, the net
 The expected position as on December is about 9.3 billion and additionally we also have
 that in the target loan almost 0.7.
 So say 9.5 10 billion is the net debt for the beyond.
 And as you may have seen in the past,
 after paying the first student at the VRS Press Statement.
 We spoke about deleveraging costs for 0.3 billion
 in the first half.
 and additional points tied in the second half.
 So net net 0.8 billion is a deal averaging
 on a company based in the current system.
 Now, so far as majorities are concerned,
 if I think of next rolling next one month.
 almost 2.8 billion worth of thumb-decks
 are falling for maturity.
 and as I normally speak about it will be a mix
 both the repealment and the refinancing.
 Now, so far as interest cost is concerned,
 I mean, you may have seen the market, in fact, is keeping them and you have to wait and watch.
 But typically on most refinancing, we look at a lower rate.
 net, given our certainty of financials, you may have seen the third quarter. And typically
 in our industry, our company.
 Sequentially, the Q4 is the biggest quarter, both in terms of EBITDA and free cash flow.
 So refinancing, VRL, or BDL, should not be a challenge.
 Right.
 Last quarter you had indicated 600 million dollars of debt maturity for second half at
 We are our lovers.
 Would it be possible for you to indicate how much would it be for Jan to March quarter?
 Maybe that one that we can we can send the permission to you by quarter mommy
 we look at the rolling as I mentioned next one year and a 2.8 billion is the number.
 Okay.
 This box will be a much smaller number.
 My second question is for Douglas sir what is the status on Videocon, VPCL and third
 is basically restructuring timelines and fourth is basically Hindustan link and link and
 How should one look at it?
 would you go for Hindustan Bank international first or basically would be preferred to go
 for Hindustan then diversifying. So I think I will put 4 into 1 basically incremental capital
 location and I'll come restructuring the standpoint. Thank you.
 Very nice. In one voice, you have asked a number of questions.
 I'll try to answer one by one.
 So we'll be on BPC and then speak cooperation.
 The government still has not invited the financial bill.
 So they had invited the EOI, we participated in both the EOI.
 And as of now, we are doing the due diligence.
 And I feel that the government now should ask for the financial
 with any time in quarter four.
 And as it goes, as we have more processes in the UI,
 will definitely be interested in both the effects.
 Second, you said on the other this investment, so everybody knows that we got the code, you
 know, everybody.
 when they allowed the government to use this U.S.
 29.5% to the UofL suite.
 And the government is taking its own approach.
 And I think the local OSS should happen any time after they complete their own effort.
 We have no role to play in that.
 As far as the ZIE and ZEDN is concerned,
 I think it's a bold measure, I will not be able to bevel much information in that, but
 just to let you know that the internet thinking is on.
 and the regulatory approvals are being shot as the regulatory approvals will come through.
 the board will take its own decision based on its own merit and what else you are restructuring
 time line sir.
 Yes.
 So maybe just the whole area of restructuring, we covered the details in the last quarter
 as you might remember.
 And one more time if you call off the rational,
 that the whole concept has to be decoglomeration
 for value and not the subject of profit financial.
 the whole idea of any potential demerges.
 For example, aluminum, oil, gas, and iron sectors in different liquid companies should
 lead to value unlock which already exist. So some of the parts should be more than the
 current hole. The whole exercise is quite comprehensive and the both guidance last time was look at
 many, many options.
 we believe that the current study will get finished
 by this margin.
 So by the end of the fourth quarter,
 We'll have more of data for you continually.
 and we'll go back to the board.
 and you will be able to find something to know about this.
 Sure, sir. That's very useful. I have more questions. I'll join back. Thank you so much and good luck.
 Thank you
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Vishal Chanda from Motila Loswal Financial Services
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 So my first question was with regard to the aluminum
 cost of production.
 So if you look at F519, the cost of production was close to about $1,950 which fell to about
 1650 or dollars in FY 20 and we were talking about a structural reduction in aluminium cost.
 But the moment we saw coal prices spiking up over the last three, four quarters, the
 The cost has jumped beyond $2,000.
 So how should we look at the costs going forward?
 would it be more related to coal driven or it would be or we can see some structural
 introduction will be over.
 for that. I agree that the last quarter the cost has gone up majorly because of the whole
 of the linkage realisation, the option prices going up.
 and to mitigate the stock position we had also to import some coal or purchase some
 That's all for today.
 Thank you all.
 and even some power was also purchased to keep our operations on.
 So, as a combination of that, you know, the global energy crisis which has happened and
 and the thanks in one way to the global energy crisis
 because of which the enemy also went up
 in our margin were protected.
 So the stocks in IPPs have built up not to the level where they should be.
 So this is more like a dynamic situation.
 I would say as far as the power cost is concerned, the worst is over and in this quarter we should
 be much better off. The reflection of that is already visible in quarter four now, in
 in terms of the realisation, in terms of the opinions on the options, and in terms of
 the global prices and in terms of the IPP stocks.
 So as a combination of that,
 I think we should be much better off in the current quarter.
 As far as the current quarter is concerned,
 also the aluminum cost is concerned between the factor of the API. API means the as the
 Allamy will rise, API will also rise.
 So, this is a factor of that, but you know what we are trying to do, we are trying to
 you know structurally reduce the cost and as the Illumina refinery is building up its
 from 2 million ton to 5 million ton, and I think in next year, the mechanical completion
 of phase 1 will take place and H1, the mechanical completion of phase 2 will take place in H2
 steadily the plant will get permission and will be totally insulated as far as the alumina
 opportunities sometimes.
 Then we have the next question is, how shall we source to Bauxite?
 The efforts are on, efforts are on to get the, I'll be, the oxide mine as soon as possible,
 also to get the EC announcement of the coding level in mind.
 with these two factors I think some insulation will come, coal as well as coal is concerned
 We are trying to operationalize our minds as soon as possible.
 We have three minds, auctions, which we want to auction,
 We are trying to operationalize at least two of these lines in the next year and what we
 We want to insulate ourselves from the volatilities of the market, as far as the third and fourth
 factor as the CP coke and CP patients concerned, which is also a factor of the market fundamentals.
 on which we may not have much of a control,
 But there are certain regularly issues which we can get resolved by not putting the import
 restriction by the government of India and we are trying to work on the advocacy and we
 you will see that how these issues will get resolved.
 But this is what the story is there in detail.
 How you are also there on the call.
 I think you would like to add on.
 I think only one positive element from the last quarter to this quarter is that we were talking for the last couple of quarters of a tensile.
 I think the positive element which is weapon is 15.6 millionton of a cone.
 which is almost 60% of our requirements and that is for 5 years.
 There is a positive development which has happened and which gives us a 100% security
 Thank you.
 And going forward also, in terms of, you know, the case, there was Mr. Bupont said that the
 a new one, which we are going to focus to start at least
 and honey next year so that on the cold side we are pretty sure and we are
 in terms of extension changes.
 And apart from that, I think it should be going to be covered in terms of our, you know,
 expansion, then the one side of the backside and cold boat.
 So that's what we are looking and showing you from 2.3 to 2.4, we have a, you know,
 action plan for 8 to 10% in terms of the cost point of two-section change.
 Okay.
 So my second question was with regard to the provisioning which has been done for the KCM
 minds and which says that the outstanding as on 31st December is still 214 crores and
 also simultaneously, you know, we have launched a new code of conduct also. So in light of
 the new code of conduct is it possible to take a complete write off because we all understand
 that this particular company KCM has been under liquidation for quite some time. So should
 Can we just try to talk or should we continue to evaluate that 50% is still really receivable?
 Excuse me sir, just give me a minute.
 I believe the management is not able to hear us.
 to Euras, I'll just reconnect them. Allow me a minute, please, requesting the part of
 participants to please stay connected while we have the management reconnected.
 requesting all the participants to please stay online while we have the management to
 be connected to the coin.
 We have the management reconnector, so you may please go ahead with the question.
 And so I would request that it be a video question.
 Sure, thanks.
 And the press release we have mentioned that we have taken a provision of about 213 crores
 for the KCM mines while still 214 crore still remains on the books given the fact that this
 company has been under liquidation for quite some time and the government of Zambia is
 obviously not interested in giving the company or the mines to Vedanta. How should we look at this
 provision going forward. Is it just a technical point of writing it off or are we still really
 expect this to be recovered because this has been going on for several quarters and just
 a link question to that we have released a new code of conduct. So we've always mentioned
 that we have the highest standards of the code of conduct
 for business at Vedanta.
 So what additional are we looking at
 when we are releasing this new code of conduct?
 And that would be it for me.
 Thanks.
 Sure.
 So let me just add this one, both of them.
 I'm starting with the KCM point first, if you're right.
 So first of all, there's no write off on KCM amount
 on the Vedanta books, it's in accounting provision.
 Total amount outstanding on the books is about 650 articles and we provided one-third in
 That's 20.
 another one third last fiscal in the March and there is no provision I guess in the previous
 that lead to the remainder of about 230 auditors balance on balance sheet as in December end.
 We think the entire amount is fully recoverable.
 The evaluation for this remainder balance of one third is backed up by evaluation by one
 of the big force. Let me add that with Danza limited is one operation creator ahead of in fact the
 from the VRL side. This amount you believe is very much backed up by third party opinion fully
 fully recoverable.
 Otherwise, also, we are in active talk with the government there and all stakeholders.
 So it is, we still believe and have a confidence that we should be able to get the legal support
 number one.
 Number two, the advocacy efforts are also going on.
 A combination of this would lead us to restoration of our management there, and we are really
 excited and committed to this mind. And this mind still has a great future. This is one
 of the richest copper source in the world.
 So the arbitration is going on in which place for this particular mind right now.
 So arbitration is going on in London and we are expecting a decision soon on this.
 So, the witnesses are going on as we speak, just on the code of conductors, at the same
 But at the same time, we are in active engagement with the government there.
 I'll move to the second part, what you asked about the code of thumb.
 I mean, as you would appreciate the documents
 like a code of conduct,
 They are leaving documents.
 they need to be revised as an entry limit.
 what we have changed.
 First of all, we increased again one of the consulting forms
 in terms of benchmarking with the best in the country,
 on this field being governance.
 three, four areas.
 Some areas have been embellished.
 example the law around the anti-vibrary be it UKB or FCPA or the Indian law that section
 has been embellished, made more clearer to the employees.
 Few areas, for example, the new age laws around the privacy and GDPR has been added.
 Some guidelines around how to conduct ourselves in social media has also been added.
 Last one and perhaps one of the more important areas is addition in terms of diversity and
 inclusion from employee viewpoint and Vedanta's commitment on renewing that we are an equal
 opportunity implored has been added.
 So with this, I think our current using is at par
 with the best in the country,
 This COC will be published on the website.
 date in the week.
 That's very helpful sir. Thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 Thanks.
 Question is from the line of Pinakan from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
 Yeah, thank you very much.
 I want to ask two questions.
 My first question pertains to the aluminum cost of production
 target. Now, over the years, Vedanta has consistently missed the aluminum cost of production target.
 And again, this time it is based on higher adumina content and 100% coal now, but can
 Can you give us a more granular clarity on the cold production break up over the next
 next three years.
 What is the total requirement and how does the company plan to achieve that over F-23, 24 and 25?
 So ultimately, we want to source the complete coal through our own mind.
 So as we said that we want to operationalize at least couple of minds in the next year
 and ramp up as we go forward.
 So I mean the one ton or minimum required around 10 to 11 tons of coal, so 2.2 million
 ton requires around 25 to 26 million tons of coal.
 A part of it, a major part of it will be met through the operationalization of these minds.
 Rahul, if you have some more granular detail, would you like to tell that?
 I think from the core point of view, basically our requirement would be around 25 million
 And what we are looking at, as I said, you know, one is the French fire which keeps on
 60% of our volume which is of 5 minutes. Apart from that we have 3 core months which is
 you know, one colleague, the other couple, the rest couldn't wait.
 And if I see that these three minds have the potential to go up and give us almost 100%
 requirements for other 21 million which can be supplied for my jai shukra and that's
 how we are building up in terms of initially, it will be a mix of, you know, tensified which
 which is minimum, which is five years.
 And also the mind which is going to start in next year, which will be coming, and then
 because the west, and gradually we want to move to 100 percent to the west, get the
 That's our plan.
 And that's what we have to be at home tonight
 in terms of, you know, when and when it's kind of an event in business.
 So, is it fair to say that the 26 million tons of captive coal would be over a much longer
 period and the next three years would be just about ramping up some of these coal mines
 and hence the actual captive cold production would be much lower than the 26 million ton.
 as a potential to also double, you know, and these three minds, which is, you know, we
 I'd say they wouldn't be a talk to the government.
 almost 17, 18 million. And I'm talking with, you know, maybe 30% in three, which is really
 possible 31 million and total requirement is 25 so that's how we are going to manage
 you know, in the overall portfolio.
 Understood.
 And that's what it might look like in the future, which
 So, that's all I've got to say.
 Sure.
 Then my second question relates to the CAPEX program in the various divisions now with
 the chairman also having commented about the potential demurger into separate entities.
 Now at this point of time basically Aluminum and Zinc account for more than 85% of the
 consolidated a bit. So, given the fact that some of the smaller businesses may not be able to fund
 growth CAPEX on its own would it be prudent to stop CAPEX programs in non-aluminum and non-zinc till
 will the organization structure is clear because if there is a demurger then will the programs
 we fund it via borrowing on those entities?
 We cannot give you a general detail, but let me tell you that what is the opportunity.
 I would give you a couple of examples which are, you know, not aluminum and zinc.
 One is that unfinished project also lipid steel, there is hardly any jobs which have
 to be done around 30% of jobs have to be done and this will give us a complete capacity
 of 3 million tons. So there is a question of funding and this is a very low hanging
 fruit. Another example is the nicomate furnace. We have capacity to produce 80 kT of ferrochrome
 today, and there is another furnace, 60KT, which is unfinished furnace.
 Will you speak?
 We have started doing the engineering and the balance job completion discussion for this
 So this will take our capacity of this from 80 KT to 60 KT.
 Otherwise, also is one acquisition which has given us which dividends and the opportunity
 in the mines and the way the R&R we have raised by doing the drilling at such a fast
 to speed gives us the opportunity even to go beyond one
 So, but one 40 KT who should be able to go in the next year itself will be raising the
 mining capacity for which also we are going ahead with the environment clearance and then
 you know commissioning this firm. So, these are couple of examples. So, similarly there
 are lot of opportunities in all our businesses where we will keep evaluating that in the
 near term, what could be the low-hanging fruits through which it will add to the abitta of
 the individual entity. Otherwise, also we have not split the company. This was the proposal
 which was given. We formed the subcommittee of the board of which I also remember. We
 We are working on various options and based on various options and demerits, we will put
 up
 the various options to the board the next two to three months time depending on what
 we decide at that point of time we will come back to the market that which way we are going.
 Understood. Thank you very much sir.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from the line of Subh Mangal Nivatia from Kodak Securities. Please go ahead.
 So, yeah, thank you for the opportunity, a couple of questions first, is there any
 What is the royalty which Vedanta India pays to Vedanta resources and how has this changed
 in the last couple of years and is getting
 consideration of any revision in this royalty rate.
 So royalty, this agreement in fact was first documented in 2017 and got revised in 2020.
 So the current agreement will expire next year, sometimes in March, as you know the entire
 agreement has been accidentally benchmarked by the big four.
 and our rate of royalty for a couple of large businesses
 is around 1.5 to 20%.
 If I give you the overall quantum of royalty for the current fiscal, it is about 200 million
 on an yearly basis.
 This amount has been mostly paid, in fact, as an advance
 for the current system and basis how the numbers stack up
 by the fourth quadrant will be actualized.
 So in the current year, there is no upward revision policy, and this revision is falling
 you next year. And as when any regression takes place, any terms and conditions, it
 It will be extremely benchmarked,
 will be arm's length, and obviously, we'll get approved
 by audit committee and board of directors.
 understood. So this $200 million is the payment for FY21. Is that right?
 It is for the it is for the current fiscal 2002 and it is actualized in March the fourth quarter
 basis the actual distance for the fourth quadrant but the actual number will not vary by your
 I think it's a good number.
 Understood.
 Thank you.
 The same question is with respect to our regime and growing the steel business and there are
 couple of inorganic or activation opportunities in the market under various stages.
 What are the opportunities that excites us and what are the plans with respect to organic
 can involve organic growth in the city business.
 So we have been evaluating whatever the option comes in the market and you know that we keep
 to evaluating. As far as ESL is concerned, we are going to commission 3 million tonne
 in the next one year.
 And beyond that, whatever the opportunity is there in the market, we will evaluate and
 see that what best is possible for us.
 Excuse me, so does that answer your question?
 Sorry, sorry, I was on mute. I just have one small clarification left for this entire restructuring exercise, which is under evaluation.
 I mean is there also a configuration of merging any entity which is outside of Vedanta India
 still is within the group into with the into with under India or something of that also being
 consider is just a split of existing with Anta India. We are exploring various options.
 Yeah, and if I just maybe go back to what we spoke in the previous quarter and our 17th November press release
 So the intent was to look at restructuring, and I spoke to you also, I guess, so when
 I was in Mumbai last, sometimes in November.
 But right now, the thinking was around the Tantan Limited
 and potentially looking at three large entities,
 aluminum,
 guess and I know this.
 Having said that, the board's mandate to the management is to go for a comprehensive review.
 So all options are on the table and will lead me to a couple of more months time.
 So by sometimes March end, the current quadrant will have more clarity and it should be possible
 to educate us what are the other big differences which have strategic connections with under
 India in the Vedanta group.
 Thank you.
 Hello.
 Ladies and gentlemen, requesting you to please stay connected.
 We are just trying to reconnect the line back to the conference,
 requesting you all to please stay online.
 Thank you.
 This is a reminder to all parties present in this conference, we are just trying to reconnect
 the line for the management with questions you want to please take an exit.
 Hello?
 We have the light.
 Yeah, thanks.
 You can go ahead.
 So, I just was asking a follow-up that what are the other businesses in Vedanta group
 which could be strategic or related to Vedanta India, is it possible to share the details?
 Sorry, we dropped off here, I think right now, the work we spoke last time again was
 oiling gas, and add in the steaming.
 Barling Beach, as you'd appreciate, unless we have an interim lineman, and go to Barling
 the board, sitting on commission at this point,
 will not be appropriate.
 Allow us a couple of points of time
 and we will be sharing it as soon as possible.
 Understood, thank you so much, I know it exists.
 Thank you so much.
 Thank you very much.
 Ladies and gentlemen,
 That was the last question for today.
 but now I'd like to have the confidence
 Mr. Maran Kapoor for closing comments over to you sir. Thank you very much operator.
 To conclude, thank you all for taking us to the time to join us this evening.
 If you have any further questions, please feel to reach either me or the rest of the
 relations team. I would like to wish everybody a happy weekend and with that I will pass
 and get back to the operator.
 Thank you very much.
 We are for Veda on the Limited. We conclude today's conference.
 Thank you all for joining me now, disconnect your lines.