 Good morning and welcome to this presentation of the SSAB year end report.
 My name is Per Hillstrom, I'm head of Investor Relations, and with me today is our President
 and CEO Martin Lindqvist, and also CFO Benakar Elius.
 And the agenda today, we will start with the summary of fantastic year 2021 and then the
 financials with Lena, a little bit more look at the quarter as
 touch. And then we're also very pleased today to present a plan for much faster transformation
 of our Nordic production system. So Matty will spend some time to explain what we are
 looking at there and at the end as usual outlook and summary and we will also have a lot of
 time for questions here, so you will be able to ask your questions at the end.
 Go by that.
 please mutt them
 It's thought with 21.
 Thank you, Pat, and good morning, everyone.
 I will start with a brief comments in the summary of 2021.
 And it was, or was, a historical year for SSAB with,
 I would say a solid performance in a very strong market and I will give you a couple of examples of that but
 But we had an operating profit of almost $19 billion or $18.8 billion in net operating
 profit.
 We had a very strong net cash flow, a net cash flow of 12.4 billion.
 and that meant that we could close the year
 in a debt-free position.
 and the board decided at the board meeting
 to propose the AGM to have a dividend of five Kroner and 25 Öre per share.
 Of course, a lot of this is due to a very strong market, but it's also structured.
 We have seen very strong demand for our niche products.
 we have seen good and solid internal performance.
 Should we take safety as one example, we have improved the number of LTIs a lot during the
 year and I would say that that is structurally and we still are not at zero but we are approaching
 you're doing a good job in the organization.
 I think also we had stable and high production.
 We saw a successful ramp up during the autumn of 2020 after a very
 challenging 2020. We saw record output in several production lines. We have managed, I think,
 a decent way to handle problems, even though they are not fully over with COVID-19 in the
 at the production sites in the organization.
 We have also had problems with supply chain issues, shortage of railcars, seat transports,
 crux and so on, both during the full year of 2021, during Q4 and also into Q1 2022.
 It was a remarkable year in many aspects and I think the first volumes of fossil
 free products that we deliver, the first commercial volumes to Volvo was landmark for SSAB.
 that we have during the year and are continuing with that to announce a number of strategic
 in agreements with customers and we have the board has taken a decision to speed up the
 transition and taking a directional decision for a faster transformation.
 I will come back to that in the end.
 But we have not also market-wise only surfed on a strong market.
 We have actually been able to continue to deliver on our strategic target.
 If we look at special steels in 2021, they almost reached 1.5 million tons, and I would
 say that they would have reached it if we wouldn't have had the transport quality challenges.
 So they are going to reach the strategic target of 1.6 million tons at the latest 2023 services is moving on.
 we haven't done any major acquisitions during the year,
 but we are on our way to reach the strategic targets.
 America's premium share, improving over the year,
 And looking at the SSAB Europe, we are fairly close to the strategic target we have for
 twenty twenty three forty three percent being the outcome of premium share
 2021 and still a lot of things to do.
 automotive, of course, segment affected by shortage of
 semiconductors, but still a good growth.
 Can we look at the premium?
 volumes in SSAB Europe, we already 21 reached the target for 23.
 So the head of plan still a lot to do and a lot of interesting prospects and the
 The Nordic market share in line with our long-term target of between 40 and 45 percent Nordic
 market share.
 As I said in the beginning, it was a marvelous year.
 We had record earnings in all divisions.
 We had very good EBIT margins.
 good profitability and all together the EBIT sum summed up to almost 19 billion.
 But Lena will give you some more details on the financials.
 So Lena, I hand over to you.
 Thank you, Martin.
 Martin, yes, it is really a privilege to start in my new role with these kind of figures,
 so I will go through briefly.
 In this slide, if we look at the graph on the right-hand side on the bottom, we can
 We see the EBITDA improvement quarter by quarter during this year, and definitely the market
 was favorable. Prices were increasing throughout the year.
 The volumes were on the lower side during the second half of the year and the problems
 already Martin mentioned.
 But if we say that the market was favorable, I would also highlight the good performance
 of the whole organization, already discussed about the premium mix improvement, Europe
 In addition, America is improving the premium portion of the sales and also special steels
 delivered higher volumes this year.
 So good work in the sales in that aspect.
 Also the staple production improvements since last year.
 That is giving, of course, big benefit for the profitability.
 So we can say that good achievement also in that aspect
 and also the cost efficiency.
 we were sustaining a good cost efficiency during the year.
 So all that shown in the figures related to EBITDA.
 And then quarterly figures isolated Q4, comparing to last year, telling exactly the same story,
 prices on much higher level, they are compensating well the higher raw material, cost base volume
 slightly lower compared to last year's fourth quarter.
 fixed cost on a higher level and this is now mainly related to maintenance activities where
 where we had the shift in timing.
 America's division did the big maintenance during Q3 last year and this year we did it
 instead of during Q4. Also, mobile maintenance, which was done during Q4 is something we do
 only second every second year.
 And then the other half is related to personal cost.
 With this high earnings, we are realizing profit-sharing programs.
 And then if we compare Q4 with the Q3 outcome,
 prices did continue to go upwards, compensating, again, higher
 raw material cost base, volume slightly lower, partially seasonality of Q4 related, and also
 all these transportation problems that Martin already mentioned.
 fixed cost in this comparison, more related to seasonality, Q3 is a vacation period, and
 Then, as you can see, the utilization of the capacity was higher,
 the materials and services are also higher in line with that.
 All this good performance led to a strong cash flow.
 The Q4 net cash flow ended on the level of 5.4 billion and the full year 12.4 billion.
 Parisian high level with last year, definitely the earnings played an important role.
 They were much higher compared to last year.
 negative impact with working capital, with higher inventories, but nothing to be alarmed
 about because the net operating working capital over net sales did develop really well during
 this year.
 Maintenance expenditures on a higher level, financial items slightly lower, taxes naturally
 higher with this level of earnings.
 strategic investments were somewhat higher and this is now mainly related to the
 oxalic acid conversion started, and we will continue during next year as well.
 As said, already in the beginning, the target set for year-end to be net-depth-free.
 reached and actually exceeded the gearing ratio at the end of the year being negative
 minus 3 while last year it was 19. So the net cash position positive 2.3 billion.
 Then, when we look at the next year forecast on high level, the COPEX activities will
 increased during next year, and this is now mainly related to the Oxalazunt conversion.
 We were indicating CAPEX's need for this year, 3.5, and we were slightly below 3.
 interest to be somewhat lower for next year and then the taxes higher and
 And that's due to the incurred taxes this year will be paid out next year.
 Also on a total level 8.5 is the total cash need estimate at this stage for next year.
 briefly about the raw material view going forward, or actually this is illustrating the history.
 The iron ore peaked during 21, started to come down, luckily during Q4, but the latest
 development is again upwards.
 So, the outlook for iron ore for Q1 is that it will be on a similar level than Q4 with
 an upward risk.
 And then the cold prices, they continued to increase, second half of the year, picking
 upwards and they will continue to increase also during Q1.
 This is only a few of the raw materials, the bigot raw materials, and we know that the
 Alloys, for example, Zinc and other materials will continue to go up, so overall, the cost
 space is expected to be somewhat higher for Q1.
 And very briefly, scrap prices.
 This is illustrating the U.S.
 spot prices, they were on a higher level for Q4, coming down mainly seasonality for January,
 And the outlook for February is that it's stable or might be going upward, so that's
 still unknown.
 But then regarding outlook and other issues, Martin will continue.
 Thank you, Lena.
 So...
 some words then about the accelerated Nordic transformation and to start to
 give you some background. Back in 2017, we formed the hybrid joint venture together
 with Wattenfall and LKB.
 And we also inaugurated the Bird Unique pilot plant
 for producing fossil-free Spongebob in 2020.
 During last year, we delivered or produced the first
 just a sponge iron, a fossil free sponge iron in that pilot plant.
 We also decided to start the plan to reach commercial volumes of 1.3 million tons in
 this project of fossil-free sponge iron in 2026 in line with the need and the demand
 in Oksilusund.
 We then in August rolled and delivered the first fossil-free steel, and that was delivered
 to Volvo Group to their new TARA machine.
 And so in this partnership, we have created the foundation for a fossil free value chain
 all the way from the iron ore being up in the mountain in the north of Sweden until finished
 products in this example tarah machine from Volvo Construction Equipment. So this is what we have
 created since 2016.
 team. We have also seen a lot of interest from
 customers in existing customers in our important and focused segments. These are examples of
 of partnerships that we announced during last year.
 We have also seen that the demand today, and especially in the future, exceeds the planned supply of 1.3 million tons in 2026.
 And the demand is not only bigger but also broader than we currently have the ability to produce.
 And I would say a big part of it is within the mobility segment.
 advanced high strength steels for automotive and for heavy transport.
 And we have had and continue to have, and that is only increasing, new customers in those
 segments approaching SSAB wanting to sign partnerships and take part of this development.
 So we have decided, or the board has decided, to start the feasibility study with the ambition
 or to accelerate the Nordic strip production system.
 And the idea is to build a new minimally in Luleå, and one in Råa, and close existing blast furnaces and steel shops and so on.
 build two new, compact, high-efficient minimals with a scale of roughly 2.5 million tons each,
 which is in line with current capacity.
 capacity.
 respect to complete this transformation during the coming 10 years, and that is the time
 is good because that is before the next scheduled blast furnace relining and the next scheduled
 big investments in coke oven batteries and so on.
 So the timing is perfect around 2013.
 This will allow us to expand the product range
 in terms of grades, dimensions, and quality.
 within current specialty and premium strategy
 As one example, we will be able to produce Q and T, 2 meter wide with thin gauges, which
 which is asked for by the market.
 This will also give us a capability to run a flexible load of HPI, Sponchiron, and Recycle
 Scrap.
 part of the discussions and the partnerships we have with customers is to reuse the Verdien
 scraps, so to say. We will leverage existing downstream assets for the new males, including
 and bowling, and the Mils, Tibnore, Rookie Construction, and Catalan facilities.
 We will build both mills fossil-free from the start, including power supply, and I will
 come into some details.
 If we look at this graph showing the possibility to reduce with 8 million tons of carbon dioxide
 per year, 15 years earlier than planned.
 If we just put what the cost might be or where it is close today of 2030 without free allocations
 because the free allocations in Europe will go away.
 And that by itself is equivalent to 7 billion per year in cost avoidance by doing this fossil
 free. But this, of course, overall strengthen our ESG position as a company. If you look
 into the benefits with these type of meals, I would claim that this will give us the possibility
 to have a structural and long-term profitability uplift if you look and start with a commercial
 benefits. We will have a broader range of specialty and premium products. We will be able to increase
 sales to Nordic customers in areas where we don't have capacity today and that is asked for.
 or one example is galvanized material.
 We will have a much faster ramp up of fossil free steel volumes in line with the market
 demand.
 If we look at the operational efficiencies, we will have a much better cost position.
 times will be completely different.
 And today we have lead times of six, eight, and sometimes 10 weeks.
 We will build mills with lead times below two weeks.
 We will, as said, avoid costs for CO2 emissions.
 And we will re-derisk the carbon dioxide cost exposure.
 And we will also try to take away this small, the small last part of emissions by also looking
 into using biofuels in oxylusone to become 100% fossil free.
 If we look at the increased operation of flexibility,
 And as you know, we are used to run mills like this.
 We have two of them in U.S.
 We will have lower fixed costs and a much better ability to adopt to swings in demand.
 it's much easier with a minimal and electric arc furnace.
 it's in practice if you put it bluntly red and a green bottom when the business cycle
 is good you push the green button and when the business cycle is bad you put push the
 red button. So much more flexibility than running blast
 furnaces that are typically built for being run 24-7 in 15 years or 20 years, and then
 you do a relining or coke oven batteries that you run 24 7 in 30 to 50 years
 without flexibility.
 We will also have a better room for flexibility.
 We can use both FOSSAL-free HBI from the partnership in hybrid, and we can also use
 recycled scrap from internal operations and customers, scrap that we are typically today
 selling on the market.
 And then, of course, we will be able to reduce or avoid reinvestments in existing code-based
 operation and as you might know many of our operations were originally built during the
 60s and the 70s. So we will have a modern mills, state-of-the-art mills with much lower
 or capex needs.
 We expect this when we move now and start the feasibility study to cost around 45 billion
 for the coming 8 to 10 years.
 years.
 And that includes Luleå, Rae, Bålängen, Hemelina, Baridis excluding the conversion in Oksilusund
 that costs five billion on top of this.
 And if we look at the investment plan up until 2045,
 I would say that this is similar or even lower
 than the existing plan to keep maintenance of the assets we have today and moving into
 to electric arc furnaces.
 So we will have a much more strategic and future-oriented investments in this case.
 And we, when we look forward, we see that we have the ability to fund this transition
 with our own cash flow.
 And when we look at, and we will come back with updates when we do the FIDs and so on,
 But when we look at the overall calculation,
 this is a very interesting investment case.
 But we can't do this only by ourselves.
 We need help with some things from the society.
 Of course, we need environmental permits and have an efficient permit process.
 That is maybe a little bit less worrying.
 this important though is that we have fossil free electricity at the right time at the
 right place. So we need to work with electricity transmission and make sure together with society
 that we can deliver that together on time.
 But if we can do that, we have a very good opportunity to be
 fossil free 2030 in line with the growing market demand.
 So the way forward, we have initiated the feasibility study for Luleå and RAOA.
 We will start immediately the permit process already now, and we will come back with information
 about sequencing and in financial guidance to when it is available, so we will keep you
 updated as we move on with this project.
 Then, Outlook and summary for the year.
 When we look into Q1, we continue to see healthy demand in many sectors and many areas,
 and especially for QNT, an advanced high-strength steel, we foresee a solid demand in Q1.
 There is always, of course, in Q1, as it was in 2021, in Q4, questions regarding transport
 capacity and also the development of the COVID-19 situation.
 But right now it's not worse than it was in Q4, so and hopefully this will ease up during 2022.
 So when we guide and look at shipments and prices,
 We expect high shipments in special steels, Europe and America,
 in Q1 versus Q4, stable prices in special steels, somewhat lower prices in Europe, and
 stable to somewhat higher prices in America's.
 And as Lena said, generally higher raw material costs and fuels and bottlenecks within transportation
 will continue in Q1.
 So we sum it up before we open up for questions.
 Strong earnings, strong cash flow generation, high and stable production, good work with
 continuous improvement, what we internally call SSAB-1, better safety performance, and
 a debt-free situation with the net cash position end of 2021.
 The board is proposing a dividend of five kronor and 25 öre per share.
 When we have a plan for an accelerated Nordic transformation, that better will meet customer
 demand and for fossil-fee products within our segments.
 We are doing a step change, we're planning for a step change when it comes to efficiency, flexibility, and cost position.
 And we will be able to eliminate the carbon dioxide emissions 15 years earlier than the
 previous plan. So with that pair, I think we open up for Elena.
 Can we open up for questions?
 Yes, we will do it. Just a few words. We have a good time now for questions, but I'm sure there is a lot of questions or maybe in the first round to keep it to a couple of questions.
 And as always, please state them one at a time to make the process a bit easier here.
 So by that then I would please ask the operator to present instructions.
 Thank you.
 If you wish to ask a question, please dial 0-1.
 on your telephoto keypad to now to enter the queue.
 Once your name is announced, you can ask your question.
 If you find it's answered before it should turn to speak, you can dial at 0-2 to cancel.
 The first question comes from the line of
 of Alan Gabriel and Morton Stanley, please go ahead, your line is open.
 Yes, hi. Good morning, everyone. I have two questions. I'll start with them one at a time.
 First, on the budget for your green Steve transition, how much do you expect to obtain
 funding from the Swedish or EU government, knowing that Okselosson was the only site
 to have received the EU Innovation Fund backing back in November last year, given that your
 They're also expecting almost 50% something for their projects.
 How much do you expect?
 And in our calculations, we have done this with our cash flow, and then if we would get
 some funding, we haven't calculated with that.
 So the 45 billion is what we believe it would cost maximum.
 And we see that we can do this with our own cash flow generation.
 Okay, thank you, and the second question is what would be the maximum capex that you're willing to tolerate in any given year from now on to
 until the end of the project, and what does that mean for your capital returns strategy
 and your dividends.
 Stay safe.
 in 2022.
 And we will not change the dividend policy.
 We were, the proposal for 2021 is in line with the dividend policy.
 we will not change that.
 I think we are in a position with a net cash position.
 When I look forward and look at demand development, cost development and so on, we usually expect
 us to continue to generate.
 I've been saying this for many years now, but you should expect us to continue to generate
 strong free cash flow. And then we will use that. And of course, this is money belonging
 to the shareholders. We will use that to invest and also to pay dividend.
 Any terms of your maximum capex? Tolerance per annum?
 No, but that will, of course, change over the years, and I mean, now we start if it's
 billy to study and we are running the Oxelisund project so I mean it will be a bit quality
 back-end load the rest of it. And we will have possibilities to adjust that over time as well.
 We don't have one figure saying that this is the maximum investment level we will have,
 But what we know is that instead of investing in all the equipment,
 And we will invest in brand new equipment.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 Alan.
 The question comes from the line of Tom Zhang of Barclays.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Yes, morning. Thanks for taking our questions.
 We'll start to take it one by one.
 first question, I was wondering if you could help us understand what sort of the net capex is,
 because clearly you're avoiding, as you mentioned, cooking,
 battery, capex, some other capex that you would have needed if you kept the glass
 expenses. I was wondering if you had a number on effectively what the net capex expenditure
 reserve for the next 10 years if you deducted those costs.
 If you take, as I tried to show out, I mean what we see running the existing operations
 for the period I showed on the slide will cost slightly more.
 And to give you some examples, the relining of a blast furnace is roughly one and one
 to one and a half or around one and a half billion.
 building a new or realigning a coke oven battery is much more expensive than that and then we have
 have steel shops and a lot of other things.
 I would say this is compared to the previous plan a bit more front-loaded, but the absolute
 The terms are actually slightly lower.
 Okay.
 And second question, just on U.S. plate pricing,
 I'm wondering if you're feeling any pressure there given plate looks overshot HRC quite
 materially now
 Do you think there are any sort of risks that normalizes or do you think this kind of plate
 HRC spread could, an elevated spread could be maintained given sort of infrastructure
 demand.
 Thank you.
 but I would say that what we saw regarding the spread of HRC and plate last year was abnormal
 with HRC being much higher than plate.
 What we see now is more a historical pattern.
 Will that stabilize and be there forever?
 I don't really know but
 We see a good underlying demand for plate in North America and especially for infrastructure
 purposes and others, but where the spread will go, I was surprised to see the negative
 spread last year, to be honest.
 Okay, yes, I think this spread now at least from the numbers that I see are quite a bit
 above historic normalized, but it sort of feels like, yeah,
 and the market demand is there to certainly stop it going negative again.
 Okay, those are my questions.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the line of Seth Rosenfeld of Exxon B2P Peripa.
 So he's going to have to you all on his own.
 Good morning.
 things taking our questions. I too I'll take one by one first on the carbonization and second on
 and special skills.
 With regards to the decarbonization strategy,
 Can you just give us a bit more color on the raw materials
 plan.
 You know flexibility between Scrap and HBI, but obviously on the HBI side you're reliant
 on hybrids.
 Can you walk us through the plans for expansion of the hybrid green HDI capacity and what
 the...
 additional CAPEX implications would be for your contribution.
 I'll start there please what we have what we are planning for right now is what we call
 of the demonstration plant, which is a full-scale production
 plant of 1.35 million tons.
 And we have announced that that will be built by the partners up in in in Vito
 force in northern Sweden, and then of course we are discussing other plans also to step
 up these investments and LKB is doing that. So we are doing this in a joint venture and
 a partnership, so this fits together with the plans for the value chain.
 So our ambition is to build a fossil-free value chain and have fossil-free steel available
 from that fossil-free value chain for our customers.
 And that will, of course, be dependent on the future demand.
 But what we see right now is that the demand is stronger than we thought.
 And in the partnerships we have signed, the ambitions are quite strong.
 So we have a good quality, good prospects for the future in that aspect.
 Then, of course, we need, of course, a power supply in order to do this transformation.
 The power generation is there and the power generation is being built out, but we also
 need power supply, so that I would say will be time-wise maybe a limiting factor.
 Okay, just to follow up on that.
 If by 2030 you're using exclusively green inputs, how much HPI do you expect to be
 consumed?
 consuming compared to about 1.3 million tons current
 underdevelopment.
 Of course much more. Yes
 We haven't said, I mean, we are moving now into the feasibility study, and we can flex
 between HBI scrap and and and recycled the wording scraps so to say so so as
 said, we are not using the scrap today.
 we can get scrap back from customers and use internal scrap.
 So the exact balance we need to come back to.
 Okay, thank you.
 And I guess one last question, please, on special deals.
 Can you just talk us through the medium-term outlook for price realizations?
 This is a business that historically has been a lot less volatile than the Americas or
 Europe businesses with some price pressure being realized today in the
 spot market.
 How do you think about special skills going forward?
 If we take a step back and look at the EBIT margins that I showed on the first one of
 the first pictures you saw that Europe and America's had better and higher
 are EBIT margins than special steels, which is typically the case in a very strong market.
 So you're right, special steels, they are much more stable, margin-wise and price-wise,
 less fluctuations and less volatility.
 What we see and what we saw during 2021 is structurally increasing underlying
 demand and we have seen that for for quite some time and and that is the
 important part.
 So they will continue to grow, and I would bet you that we will meet the strategic target
 of 1.6 at the latest 2023.
 So we are following the plan, and we are actually a bit ahead of plan, but let's
 swallow till it a more stable margin so we're time. But the
 underlying demand is structurally growing.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alan Spence at Jeffries.
 going to have to your mind, is it?
 Yeah.
 Thanks, guys.
 two questions take one at a time.
 one on decomposition. How long do you anticipate the feasibility studies to take and what is
 your assumption around through cycle profitability that allows you to find
 I must apologize.
 Tom, the first question was on how long before we can see the feasibility study.
 We have started a feasibility study and we will gradually get more and more educated by
 I would say maybe one and a half, two years, maximum.
 Thank you very much.
 Okay, and the second part of that one was, what is your assumption around the recycle
 profitability so that you can finance the cat tax out of cash flow and when we
 We look at the long-term profitability and cash flow generation, including these investments.
 see that we can finance this over this period. That's our base assumption. Then, of course,
 you do projects like this you in swedish we say henslen or livrem you you you need to
 be really sure about that and we are very confident that we can do that.
 Okay.
 Thanks.
 Everyone on Europe, in 2021, you achieve your tonnage target
 per premium volumes.
 What's kind of an upside target for 23,
 Where do you see that going?
 I see we have a lot to do on that target and especially within automotive where the demand
 has been effected by shortage of semiconductors.
 We have excellent products and some products that hide the martensitic
 steels up to 2,000 megapascals, which where we are word unique, we know the
 platforms we are into and so on, so I feel a lot of growth
 prospects for the automotive part as one example.
 And we have also invested in boiling in the continuous annealing line to take up the capacity.
 So we have plenty of opportunities to continue to grow
 that premium mix above the target of 2023.
 Thank you.
 And just if I have one last one, just quick confirmation.
 If the feasibility studies take one-and-a-half to two years, can you just confirm that there'll
 no capex then one of those projects until those studies are done no but there
 will be some costs, I mean, with consultants, internal work and so on.
 So, but to be honest, I'm not sure it will take,
 I don't have the exact days and month it will take the feasibility study but a fair guess from
 from the top of my head would be one and a half to two years.
 and then we know the cap and then we will take the decisions
 mill by mill, so to say.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Luke Nelson at JP Morgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open. I
 Hi, thanks for taking my questions.
 It's true for me to take them one by one, firstly, again, just on decarbonisation, maybe
 just more around the funding side of things and follow on from the product question that
 Sounds like capex is probably going to ramp up in a year or two times.
 So 2022 will sort of still be a CAPEX light year
 from that side of things.
 I suppose in that context, it's likely going to see a significant increase again in terms
 of balance sheet strength and the net cash position.
 How should we be thinking about that surplus capital over the very short term?
 Is it likely that it's sort of going to be kept more as a war chest in advance of that
 cap extent? Or is there still an ability to maybe return surplus capital back to shareholders
 and the new temp, I'll start with that.
 I think we have clear dividend policy, and we will follow that dividend policy, and we
 We are obviously in a different position right now with the net cash position.
 And as I said, and I've said it many times and I have a tendency of repeating myself
 on that issue, but you should expect us to continue to generate from operations strong
 cash flow and have a good cash flow generation and we are not done even though I think Lena
 And I was rightly so impressed with the development of net operating working capital over sales.
 We actually had a lot of inventories at the end of the year due to transport problems and so on.
 I think we will have a solid cash flow generation for the coming years and for the future,
 And then we will use that carefully wisely.
 As I said, it belongs to the shareholders.
 We will live by the dividend policy and we will do investments that we believe is good investments for the future.
 so it will be a combination.
 Thank you.
 The second question is, it's more just on the cat-X figure itself, can you maybe, clearly
 of the subject to a feasibility study and confirmation of that, but maybe can you just
 talk about to what extent there's contingency built in within that figure from things like
 cost inflation and overruns, and then maybe just in terms of how much of that budget is
 6th versus 2th subject to change and maybe assumptions around things like of course
 Of course we have done our homework and done our calculations, and we are of course not
 willing to put ourselves in a situation where we would overexceed that, call it round and
 rough figure. So there are continuosis build into that number. Yes. Okay, great. I'll leave
 there and now I'll jump back and let's come and let's come back to the issue when we have
 the FIDs and the investment cases ready and then we can talk about profitability internal
 the rate of return and so on.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Now the next question comes from the line of Krishan Madawal of Citigroup. Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Hi. Thanks for taking my question. A couple of questions have already been asked, but
 a follow-up on CAPIC. So, I mean, with the Nordic system plan in place, we can see four
 large bucket of the CAPEX, which is sustaining CAPEX contribution to the hybrid development
 of...
 and conversion capyx, and then on top of that Nordic system capyx.
 So is that a fair way of looking at your CAPEX pipeline
 the next 10 years and then can you help us estimate the gap for beyond 2022 in terms of
 for all these four buckets of sugar in the pot
 of, you know, incremental capital in 2023, 24, 25 in these four buckets.
 No, but what we are saying is that the transformation of the building of two modern, high-efficient
 minimals in the Nordic production system, including investments in Bålängen,
 Hemelina and some other.
 That will cost roughly 45 billion.
 We have also said that the conversion of oxyleson will cost roughly five billion.
 So these are the two main buckets.
 Okselysund will, as communicated earlier, be up and running in red in 2026.
 But then also when you know that we are not going to run the existing facilities with
 blast furnaces and coke oven batteries and so on for the for the long-term future there will also
 be a bucket of CAPEX avoidance in existing facilities.
 I mean, right now we are up until now, we have been running them as going concerned, meaning
 that they would run forever.
 So we have a bucket of CapEx avoidance as well.
 And then how that plays out every year and so on is a bit too early to say.
 But in the 45 billion, we have continuities, and we will come back to call it FIDs for
 each investment. This is a directional decision, and this is the starting point of a vision
 an idea of speeding up the transformation of the Nordic Strip system, where we have
 I've done a lot of homework, of course.
 Sure, sure.
 Thanks a lot.
 And then a quick...
 short-term question on working capital. So you've already invested close to 6 billion
 in working capital in 2021, what should be kind of from a modeling perspective what should
 with thinking in terms of working capital in Q1, at least from a direction point of view?
 You will, of course, be dependent on the market, but you should not expect us to massively
 invest in working capital.
 but then quite the opposite.
 Okay. Okay. Thanks a lot. Great to hear.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Castle and Reek at Crete,
 please go ahead. Your line is open. Thank you very much. Two questions from my side.
 The first one is on the current order backlog in Europe and North America.
 Do you see any change in patterns currently, probably for a second quarter, given the high
 I see prices still in your order book.
 means is there any standoff or do you think the good water intake will also continue into
 to the second quarter, so the first half is pretty much,
 At least done.
 That's the first one.
 and typically we just guide for the coming quarter
 and the order book for Q1 gives us the courage to give the guidance we have.
 that has said, COVID is a question mark, the transportation system is a question mark,
 but the order book gives us clarity in Q1.
 Am I expecting the word to break down first of April?
 it doesn't look like that right now.
 No, what we can add also, but we believe that this shortage will probably ease during the first half.
 At least that's our base scenario, then as you said, we don't know, but...
 Okay, perfect. That helps already. The second question I have is also on the CAPEX or 2022.
 So, you mentioned around 5 billion, at the same time, we see that your targets support
 SSAB services, for example, to achieve 4.5 billion in sales and out of it, 1.5 billion
 through exposition is still on.
 So ideally, you need to actually execute on this,
 within the next 24 months.
 is this five billion CapEx number including any exhibition
 topics.
 Is it already included?
 yes
 I was partly wrong during my presentation because we actually did some acquisition within
 and SSAV services during 2021 as well.
 Okay, perfect.
 Thank you.
 I just want to clarify that.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Locust Brownhiser of Kepler-Chefra. Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Yes, sir.
 Good morning.
 taking the question.
 And maybe let me get back to the decarbonization plan, which I guess is pretty impressive
 for the rest of the industry.
 Thank you.
 Bye.
 When you talk about the motives to advance that much, I take the point on the demand,
 I guess with the longer term perspective, this is probably what you expected anyway
 that the green steel is becoming what the main product of the market is demanding for
 Are there any other points why this is being accelerated that much, looking at oxidazone
 we have been discussing these issues with infrastructure and permitting and the power
 cables and so on for quite some time. So what is giving you the confidence from that background
 that you can move that much faster than previously anticipated.
 I think I think it's a bit less complicated up in northern Sweden and northern Finland
 And for one reason, we have learned a lot as well during this process.
 But the underlying factor is the increased demand.
 And when we started this project together with LKB and Wattenfall, we were not really
 for seeing how the demand would develop.
 And I think also we have a unique position here up in the Nordics because we have surplus
 of fossil-free electricity.
 We have the right iron ore.
 We have the knowledge and we have now also proven
 that we can produce this steel.
 And that is a good, have been asked for by the market
 for by the market and has been creating a lot of interest
 in the market.
 And I also think that we have, with those prerequisites, the possibility to bring and
 start to bring mini meals to Europe, which has not been the case before.
 And we have experience since 20 years of running mini-mails.
 And you see the development in North America now with quite,
 I mean, take Stila-Namics and Sintone as an example.
 quite impressive mills being built with capacity and cost
 position and capabilities that fits us very well.
 And we see the possibility to broaden our product offering.
 And one example was to meet the why the Q&T with thin gauges that is asked for by the
 market, but we don't have the ability to produce today with good cost efficiency and
 productivity. So it's a lot of reasons, but it starts with the increase in
 demand from the market and the marketplace.
 And if you should do this anywhere in Europe,
 I think you should do it in northern Sweden and northern Finland.
 Okay.
 I think this is a fair point.
 point, and not to maybe, can we come back to the CAPEX figure? Maybe I will, I'm not
 I'm just not sure if I got it right.
 is the
 is the plan including any incremental DRI investments or would be the base case that
 this could be done by LKD and is this, are you having now a different stance on the,
 on the, you know, on the whether you want to be part of this or do you want to have
 that outside of your core competencies.
 Is this acceleration now changing your stance on what is your core business and what is
 outside of your core?
 No, it hasn't, and we haven't, to be honest, really decided.
 What is important for us is the partnership with LKB and Wattenfallen, the ambition or
 or the ambition to create the fossil-free value chain
 and to optimize that value chain.
 And then how we will invest or not in that, we need to figure out over time.
 But we have been investing in the pilot plant and we are now in the hybrid in the final
 stages of the FID with the demonstration plant.
 So is the TRI included in the 45 billion?
 The 45 billion is what is currently the Nordic strip system.
 So the answer is simple and the answer is no
 OK.
 And five.
 OK.
 And finally, on the ramp up of these green steel shipments, fossil free steel shipments,
 saying that you want to have the commercial push-through already from the very start, so
 Is there, are you seeing a fair chance that the milk can deliver the full volumes from
 the...
 beginning or shall we expect there's a multi-year ramp up? There is always an
 investment ramp-ups. The good thing with this is that we can build the mills in parallel
 with the existing males.
 And then when the new mills are ramped up, we close the existing mills and we can do
 do that before the next blast furnace relining or before we need to spend a lot of money
 in cocoa and batteries and others.
 So, so from a risk perspective, I think this is also a way of mitigating risks.
 So we will not put any customers in jeopardy.
 Okay, maybe I was unclear what I meant is on the demonstration plans, these first 1.3
 million tons of fossil fuel is still, what kind of timeline do you think you need to
 to fully push and establish that Tom's in the market,
 This is just a one-year process or this is rather a multi-year ramp-up phase.
 No, we are getting more and more sure that we will be able to deliver volumes from that
 plan took to the sun 2026.
 Okay. Okay, that's clear. Thank you very much.
 Thank you, and next question comes from the line of Patrick Mann at Bank of America.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Good day, guys.
 Thank you very much for the opportunity
 to answer the question.
 bit of a follow-up question just on the possible funding for this and apologies if I misunderstood the answer
 But I understood that at the moment you're planning for the SEC 45 to be funded internally
 from cash flows and you're confident that you can generate that yes I mean is
 whether they're not government funding or government support or European funds or even
 low-cost financing available that can help offset some of this capital and will you be
 looking into that? Or is it the case that you've looked at it and decided to do it yourself?
 No, but of course there could be possibilities like that, but we have not taken that into
 to count when we have done our calculations.
 But we see a lot of interest of funding these kind of projects.
 But I said, when we look at the future,
 We see that we have the ability to fund this with our own cash flow and then how we finally
 We finance it.
 Let's take that decision when we come to the investment decisions.
 And as we saw last year, we already then had this sustainability linked bond where we had good conditions on the back of
 back of the earlier plan. Now this is much more aggressive so we will not be in a
 the worst position on that as well.
 I think the starting position is decent with the net cash positions and good cash flow
 generation prospects. So I think, yeah.
 Thanks, I think the reason there's so many questions on this is because your peers say,
 you know, they're expecting them up to 50% of government support, right?
 So I think that's where it's all coming from.
 I mean, I mean, maybe just one follow up.
 But, but, but, yeah, yeah, okay, yeah, sorry, please go ahead.
 that we need to interrupt you.
 And I was trying to think out loud,
 and that is not always a good idea, so please continue.
 The second question I just wanted to ask, you know, you did speak a little bit about
 how this could be positive for modians in terms of, you know, the different grades and
 the quality of steel that you're able to output.
 You can maybe just help us think through the economics
 the unit economics of this a little bit more.
 So should we be thinking about this as higher cost?
 feel, although you avoid CR2, but at the end of the day, you're getting a premium or a
 a higher price on average, a higher realized price?
 That's the way to think about it.
 You got it.
 We have looked at this is that we will have a much more cost efficient production with
 the broader product portfolio, and then, of course, as you mentioned, some future cost
 avoidance.
 That is how we have done the calculations.
 I think there will be, most probably, a premium to start with on fossil-free, but I think
 and hope that fossil free will be the new normal and because customers and consumers
 are demanding that. So over time, I think this will be a very cost-efficient effective
 way of producing fossil free steel products within our niches and our
 segments. Thank you very much.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Victor Trollstein of Banske Bank. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Yes, thank you operator and good morning Martin and Lena.
 Just firstly, could you please remind us on movement and catfix moods for the coming five,
 10 years. At what level is that?
 I think they we have had fairly the last couple of years fairly normal maintenance
 CapEx level, sorry if I remember it correctly, after around a couple of billions.
 Yeah, 1.8 to 2 billion, it's been so long.
 And that, of course, we see the possibility to gradually
 then decrease when we know that we will not run the existing system forever, so it will
 be a quality.
 Gradual.
 gradually lower and lower.
 Okay, no, that's brilliant. I just think, you know, you're something quite strong message
 in terms of cash flows, I suppose, we're talking about after 2D caps of less than 5.5 billion
 per year and it can mean 10 years.
 Let's say, mountainous capyx of 1.6.
 You know, you have a historically generated, say, 3 billion in free cash flow over a site
 That would imply 10 billion in operating cash flows for the coming 10 years.
 you know what's behind that is that you know a more healthy food market or I think it's a
 It's a combination if you look right now and compared to a number of years ago, I think
 the steel market is more in balance.
 I think also with this fit for 55 in Europe, there will be no possibilities for steel companies
 to hunt volumes because they will have to pay emission rights.
 I think structurally maybe healthier from an output point of view and demand and supply
 balance a healthier market. But we are also looking into our ability to continue to shift
 the mix to less volatile products, more profit-generating products, then, of course, we will still have
 volatility but the ambition is to reduce the volatility as much as possible and that is
 done with a couple of things.
 Of course, the most important part, shifting the mix towards more stable price, stable and
 and margin-stable products continue to work with the continuous improvements in order
 to increase productivity, reduce cost, and reduce lead times.
 And so we have a number of programs
 that we are running and I think that when we look at that we see and do the
 calculations including continuance and so on, we see that this is clearly a good opportunity
 a possibility for the future.
 Yeah, brilliant, strong message obviously, I guess that implies normalised earnings of
 12 billion.
 So.
 Oh, strong.
 2021 was obviously a very good year, you shouldn't expect us to generate more than 12 billion
 a free cash flow every year but I've been like a fool repeating myself that we should
 be able to continue to generate strong cash flow and we are not ready I mean yes we were
 investing a lot in working capital towards the end of the year? Yes, for sure. We'll
 would we continue to do that?
 No, we still see opportunities to become more capital efficient.
 And the example with the minnermills, if you reduce lead times from just a simple calculation,
 from eight weeks to less than two weeks.
 There is also a huge possibility of releasing working capital.
 I think we're four under now.
 Yeah, that's it.
 I'm just a question in terms of your Q1 guide, a more short term, I'm just, you know, to
 be clear, what you're saying is that costs could come up a bit, prices basically flat
 and then you have no money, then I'm seen into one.
 So I suppose, you know, mixing that together, Q1 earnings should be higher than Q4, is that correct?
 We don't give any figures or guidance, that's your job to figure out, but no, but we are
 What's the saying that we see?
 We see problems in the supply chain. We had the end of Q4 and we still have problems with
 trucks, getting containers, railways, shipments, boats and so on.
 We don't know where the COVID situation will end up and when it will end.
 We have had problems in Q4.
 We still have problems with a lot of people, with a high short-term leave of people being
 in quarantine being sick or taking care of sick family members so it's too early to say
 There are still some quality problems, like we had in Q4, and they persist into Q1 so far.
 Remember, Victor, that the prices in Europe will be lower also, so...
 Yeah, yeah, no, that's, that's clear. And just a final very quick question just in terms
 returns on the CAPPE program you mentioned seven billion in avoided as the two costs so I guess
 that you don't know incremental.
 that was one example but when we look at the calculation and we need to come back to that
 that when we come with the FIDs.
 But we see this as a very interesting investment opportunity when we look at the calculation
 so far.
 otherwise we wouldn't propose it.
 But let's come back to that with more detail.
 Okay. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Thank you very much, guys.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Johannes Kronensilius of D&P Markets.
 Just go ahead. Your line is open.
 Yes, hi everyone, it's Johannes Kronzillus here.
 Yeah, I have a question on, well, what you showed on basically slide 18 in your slide
 package about premiums on the first green steel that you're aiming for I think 2026 or so.
 Could you elaborate a bit on how you see the price premium series at sort of one premium
 from everyone buying POSR3 steel or is it sort of different case by case and if you
 I would so much appreciate if you could give us any sort of help in the magnitude of our
 future price payment that you're projecting. That's my question.
 No, not really, I mean, we think the market is very interested, the market is willing
 from start to pay your premium.
 I honestly believe that, well, there might be a price difference between carbon-free,
 fossil-free steel and usual steel.
 We're a margin difference, however you put it.
 But I think and hope that this will be the new normal.
 So I think it's very hard to say what will the premium be over time and how do you calculate
 the premium so let's come back to that I don't have a good answer but we see that the current
 demand is exceeding.
 the planned capacity, and my, our base case guess, and I would say that this is a fairly
 educated guess is that that demand will not lower over time and you have seen
 announcement from companies like Daimler, what kind of pressure they put on their sub-suppliers
 when it comes to scope 3 emissions and my guess would be, and I would claim that this
 This is an educated guess as well, is that that pressure will not decrease, I would say
 quite the opposite.
 But that's helpful anyway and what I see and what I'm trying to say is that I see an opportunity
 because the location and the knowledge and the partnership we have with Inhibrit and
 with customers makes this, I mean, if you should do this, you should do it in Northern
 Sweden and northern Finland.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I got you.
 I mean, everybody assumes, I suppose, that the premium will be higher in the first years
 this one, this is a revolutionary product.
 Let's see if it becomes a new normal or not.
 Then I have a question also, you mentioned a few times in the presentation, what do you
 about.
 That scrap availability seems to be pretty good for you in the Nordics.
 I mean, would it be possible to run the new FSA beset up with the sort of scrap in the
 Nordics and is it an upset scrap basically that you can be be using locally or how do
 Do you see that?
 We could potentially do that.
 Yes, run it on scrap as we do in the U.S.
 and there is scrap availability in the Nordics,
 and we are one big producer of scrap
 and our customers using our material.
 So then we could also use it with scrap from the market today.
 We are selling scrap to the market.
 So there is possibility and that's what we try to call flexibility.
 them between HBI and Scrap.
 So we will, in practice, have higher flexibility
 than Romer Till flexibility today than today.
 Okay, got you. Thank you.
 Thank you. Now, this question comes from the line of Bastion Sinalgovitz of Deutsche Bank.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Yeah, good morning, and also thanks for taking my questions. I've got only two quick ones left. I'll also take them one at a time
 Martin, could you briefly talk about the new product segment which you aim to enter, please?
 We have a fairly good idea about that, and it is within the mobility sector and one good
 example, and I won't bore you with too many examples, but one good example is two meter
 wide Q&T which is, and thin gauges which is asked for by the market and we are not in
 in a cost-efficient way able to produce that today.
 I mean, the quarter million oxylus und is not an optimal set up to produce, I would
 say thinner gauge is then four millimeters.
 And with these males, we can produce one, two, three, up to four millimeters.
 So we will have a broader product offering.
 You will also be dismayed what we are lacking today and what is asked for is and where we
 have a fairly low market share is galvanized products, especially within
 in advanced high-strength steers.
 We don't have the capacity today.
 That will be another example.
 So with that, I guess you're really entering a new product spectrum in that sense that
 You're basically entering the surface market in automotive, right?
 not necessarily, you know, but we are focused to stay within our niches with the vast high-strength
 to Steels and Q&T.
 And there we see possibilities both for, as I said,
 with the example of Q and T.
 new grades and new gauges and widths, but also other parts where we are either legal
 producing today like galvanized advanced high-strength steels or not being able to produce at all.
 and then just to briefly explain it.
 Just to be clear, I mean, we are not changing the strategy or the focus on niche products.
 That's still the foundation.
 will continue to be the foundation of SSAB.
 Yeah, I know I think that's very clear that you're pursuing that but just to explore briefly further you mentioned strong demand
 And I guess we all were able to see a very strong demand from automotive.
 I guess those are, this is the segment which you are emphasizing at the same time as we
 at the moment automotive would say relative to other C companies as underrepresented in
 in your end market.
 Are you seeing that pull for fossil-free steel from other end-market segments as well, such
 which is white goods or whatever?
 Yes, we see that from a lot of segments and segments
 that we are not active in today and segments where we will not be active, but we see it
 from heavy transport, we see it from other segments where we are active today, so I would
 say, to be honest, we see it from most of the segments born to have fossil
 free steel in the future, with very few exceptions.
 exceptions.
 OK, perfect.
 Thanks Martin.
 And then I have one follow-up question on Capex.
 I'm sorry to come back on that, although there have been a lot of questions around that already.
 Lena, you were showing some charts on CapEx, I think, on slide 22, and I guess before you've
 always been talking about three, three and a half billion kepex over the cycle as a rough
 guidance to keep things simple and instead of talking about they keep
 capex or nailing things down to one specific gear, which I appreciate is very difficult
 to do, what would be the new normal effect of over the cycle
 impacts for the rest of the decade, which we should be factoring in. And again, I'm conscious
 that may be subject to change because if electricity isn't there, the 45 billion will
 obviously be spent maybe over a longer time span and maybe there will be some funding
 But what is the broad number we can work with versus the three to three and a half before?
 It's it's a very good question and let's come back to that because as we said I mean we have the maintenance capex level today
 that will over time then in existing facilities go down.
 we have the Oksilus Uncoversion, which we have said will cost until 2026, roughly 5 billion.
 and then we have this new program so it will be a combination of that and
 it will be dependent on when we start, but for the coming years you should expect us to
 to move on with Oksilus Unden,
 then gradually then start to invest in our Nordic mills,
 But at the same time, we will start to reduce maintenance
 capex and quality to other strategic capex in in in those facilities.
 So let's come back to that with when we move on with this
 feasibility study and have more clarity. But we have said a round figure of 45
 including contingencies and in order not to disappoint anyone with that figure.
 Okay, okay, sounds good. Okay. At least I tried my best.
 Okay, thanks so much.
 Thank you very much.
 You tried on Lena's first meeting to see if you could convince her to answer something
 that you knew that you wouldn't get an answer from Håkan or me.
 Okay, thanks so much, all the best.
 Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Andy Jones at UBS.
 please go ahead, your line is open.
 Hi, thanks for the opportunity.
 My question is regarding priorities, because I guess, you know, the very low power costs
 in northern Sweden. They've had a huge advantage for making low-cost sponge iron and clearly
 you're dedicating a huge amount of capital to EAS and basically sorting out the steel facilities,
 but it doesn't leave a huge amount to potentially invest in hybrid going forward.
 Can you just talk a bit more about how you see the returns on producing spongi and giving
 the economics, the power costs and so forth that you see now compared to, you know, the
 investments we are making here, because obviously the majority of the CO2 reduction comes from
 from the, you know, the spongine part.
 and that seems to be where the value is, so I'm quite surprised that the magnitude of the
 the spending here compared to the focus on hybrid and are you giving up an opportunity
 potentially to LKAB, who might wish to, who seems to want to accelerate this. So you, you know,
 essentially losing some of the value of your new location.
 That's quite a proper question, but what I'm trying to explain is that we will do this
 in a partnership in the hybrid partnership together with LKB and Wattenfall.
 And I think it will be dependent on electricity prices.
 I think the good thing with this project
 is that we will also have hydrogen storage so we can use wind power as an example and
 And then store energies in the hydrogen storage and then produce sponge iron 24-7, regardless
 of peaks or troughs in electricity prices.
 So what I'm trying to say, and let's come back to that,
 But we are trying together to optimize the value chain and then exactly who will do what
 and who we loan, what we haven't really decided, that we have the partnership, we are now
 investing or planning to start to invest in the demonstration plant and then we'll take it from
 from there.
 So I'm not talking about the full value chain, together with the LKB, SSAB,
 the waterfall and then customers.
 So what we are trying to achieve is fossil-free products
 out at end users.
 in a cost efficient way.
 Yeah, no, that makes sense.
 I guess I'm kind of asking, can you afford to commit much more in terms of capital to
 hybrid given these huge capex investments we are planning here?
 That will, of course, depend on cash generation and so on, but now we are taking this decision
 and direction of decision, and we'll take the decisions one by one, but it goes together
 because we are now investing in a four-star free value chain, and I think that is what
 is appreciated by the market and what the market wants to see.
 I think the feasibility of doing that is better in the region and we are in than in other
 regions and with the knowledge and experience we have, we are very well suited for this
 and we have a strong belief that this is the future, not maybe the full future, but this
 This is what the market is asking for.
 No, I completely agree.
 and just to clarify something on the £45 billion.
 Obviously the capital intensity is a lot higher than the oxalicent one, clearly because the scope is larger.
 Aside from just building EAS, could you just give us an idea for what other facilities
 included in that 45.
 Yeah, it is.
 No, it's complete.
 Minimales, like, I think, Sinton in Texas is a good example.
 completely integrated mills, starting with electrical furnaces,
 outcomes, finished products of the rolling. So this is a complete
 Yeah.
 In Oaksilusund we are closing the coke oven battery and the blast furnaces and moving
 over to electric arc furnaces, but we keep the steel shop the rolling mill because they
 are state-of-the-art and very well fitted for those kind of products. This I mean you should compare it
 with mobile or or Synton.
 Okay. Okay. Okay. That's great. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 This question comes from the line of Seth Rosenfeld out of Texan BNP Parapa.
 Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Morning. Just one follow-up question, please. I appreciate your comment earlier on the improved efficiency of the new capacity, better product mix, lower fixed cost, et cetera.
 But in the past, you've given an explicit figure for the higher operating cost of green
 the case.
 Judd Leap.
 30 to 40 percent above traditional technologies.
 As you go forward and dive into the broader scale, what's your confidence in the like
 Thank you for like operating cost component.
 I recognize there might be some other mitigating positives,
 but how do you think about the cost of production?
 your assumption around, for example, cost of that DRI substrate. Thank you.
 here?
 No, but we have become more and more sure about the cost and efficiency and so on.
 And that has not increased over time when we have become more and more sure.
 project that cost inflation you're more
 No, but I know about the cost of producing steel like this has not increased when we
 have gotten more and more educated. I would say the opposite.
 Can you confirm an updated expectation for how much your operating cost will increase?
 for like, with any technology?
 They would not increase.
 Okay, so compared to prior guidance of an over 30% increase the new guidance is no increase
 Let's come back to that, but it is not 30% increase for sure.
 Okay, I think this is something that the market definitely wants more color on recognizing
 how much capital is being allocated to the ship and technology.
 And we need to come back to that when we come up with the FID and so on and take it
 meal by meal, but the operating costs will be, we will be much more cost efficient.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Thank you, and we have one further person in the queue.
 That's Alan Stence of Geoffrey's, please go ahead, your line is open.
 Thanks.
 I appreciate the opportunity to ask a couple of follow-up questions.
 So five billion oxalicin conversion cap X, can you just confirm how much that will be
 done by the end of 2022 and then how the remaining will be split 23 to 25.
 I think for 22, it's around a billion.
 The Billion in 2022.
 That's the total amount that's so far for oxylus on conversion. No, that's for the 22 year for the 422
 And how much was spent in 21?
 I don't have the exact figure, but part of the cost has already occurred during 21.
 Yeah.
 OK.
 And the second one is just on the down, you know,
 the blast furnace relines and new coke ovens for Lillio and Rohit, were those scheduled
 to be done before 2030 or after 2030?
 I would say around 2030, then you can always flex.
 Sometimes you can prolong it a year,
 and sometimes you need to do it a year earlier.
 So I would say around 20, 30, the two blast furnaces in Roa,
 one of them slightly later and also Lulea in that reading as well.
 So I would say around 2030, all the three of them.
 Okay, so, but effectively within the timeline of the 45 billion, not afterwards, is that
 to think about it.
 around that timeline. I say that around 2030, because it's not an exact science. You can
 sometimes you're lucky and you can run a blast furnace one more year than plan
 sometimes you're unlucky you need to do it one year earlier. It depends so much of the wear
 and tearing the blast furnaces and also if you have had to stop them or not so it is
 It's not an exact science, but...
 But around 2030, all three of them.
 Okay. Thank you.
 So the idea is to avoid that of course
 Thank you very much for your time.
 Thank you, and as there are no further questions on the line at this time, I'll hand back to our speakers for the closing comments.
 Okay, thank you. Thank you for all the interest and by that we close today's conference call and we wish you a pleasant day
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.