 Good morning and welcome to this presentation of the SSAB year-end report.
 My name is Per Hildström.
 I'm head of investor relations and with me today is our president and CEO Martin Lindqvist
 And also CFO, Dena Creelius.
 And the agenda today, we will start with the summary of fantastic year, 2021.
 and then the financials with Lena
 a little bit more look at the quarter as such.
 And then we're also very pleased today to present a plan
 for much faster transformation of our Nordic production system.
 So Martin will spend some time to explain what we are looking at there.
 and at the end
 And as usual, outlook and summary.
 and we will also have a lot of time for questions here
 so you will be able to ask your questions at the end.
 So by that, please Martin, start with 21.
 Thank you, Per, and good morning, everyone.
 I will start with a brief comments in the summary of 2021.
 and it was and is or was a historical year for SSAB
 with, I would say, a solid performance in a very strong market.
 And I will give you a couple of examples of that.
 But we had an operating profit of almost 19 billion or 18.8 billion in net operating profit.
 we had a very strong net cash flow
 a net cash flow of 12.4 billion, and that meant that we could close the year
 in a debt-free position, and the board decided at the board meeting
 to propose the AGM to have a dividend of 5 kronor and 25 öre per share.
 of course
 a lot of this is
 due to a very strong market.
 but it's also structured.
 We have seen very strong demand for our niche products.
 We have seen good and solid internal performance.
 performance. If we take safety as one example, we have improved the number of LTIs a lot during
 the year, and I would say that that is
 structurally and we still are not
 at zero, but we are approaching
 and doing a good job in the organization.
 I think also we had stable and high production.
 We saw a successful ramp-up during the autumn of 2020 after a very challenging 2020.
 we saw record output in several
 production lines
 we have managed I think
 in a decent way to handle problems even though they are not fully over
 with COVID-19 at the production sites in the organization.
 of railcars, sea transports, trucks, and so on,
 both during the full year of 2021, during Q4,
 and also into Q1 2022.
 it was a remarkable year in many aspects
 and I think the first
 volumes of fossil free products
 that we delivered.
 The first commercial volumes to Volvo
 was a landmark for SSAB.
 and that we have during the year
 and are continuing with that
 to announce a number of strategic
 in agreements with customers.
 And the board has taken a decision to speed up the transition and taken a directional decision for a faster transformation.
 and I will come back to that in the end.
 But we have not also market-wise only surfed on a strong market.
 we have actually been able to continue to deliver on our strategic targets.
 So if we look at special steels in 2021, they almost reached 1.5 million tons.
 And I would say that they would have reached it if we wouldn't have had the transport quality challenges.
 So they are going to reach the strategic target of 1.6 million tons at the latest 2023.
 services is moving on
 We haven't done any major acquisitions during the year,
 but we are on our way to reach the strategic targets.
 America's premium share
 improving over the year
 and looking at SSAB Europe
 We are fairly close to the strategic target we have for 2023, 43% being the outcome of premium share 2021 and still a lot of things to do.
 Automotive, of course, a segment affected by a shortage of semiconductors, but still a good growth.
 And if we look at the premium volumes in SSAB Europe,
 we already 21 reached
 the target for 23
 So a head of plan, still a lot to do and a lot of interesting prospects.
 and the Nordic market share in line with our long-term target
 of between 40-45%
 Nordic market share.
 I said in the beginning
 it was a marvelous year
 We had record earnings in all divisions.
 We had very good EBIT margins, good profitability, and altogether the EBIT summed up to almost 19 billion.
 But Lena will give you some more details on the financials.
 So, Lena, I hand over to you.
 Thank you, Martin.
 Yes, it is really a privilege to start in my new role with these kind of figures, which I will go through briefly.
 in this
 slide if
 we look at the graph
 On the right-hand side, on the bottom, we can see the EBITDA improvement quarter by quarter during this year.
 And definitely the market was favorable.
 prices were increasing
 throughout the year.
 volumes were on the lower side
 during the second half of the year
 and the problems already Martin mentioned.
 but if we say that the market was
 favorable, I would also highlight
 the good performance of the whole organization.
 already discussed
 about the premium mix improvement
 Europe division
 America's improving the premium
 portion of the sales
 and also special steels delivered higher volumes this year.
 So good work in the sales in that aspect.
 Also, the stable production improvement since last year.
 that is giving of course
 big benefit for the profitability
 so we can say that good achievement also in that aspect
 and also the cost efficiency
 we were sustaining a good cost efficiency during the year.
 So all that shown in the figures related to EBITDA.
 And then quarterly figures isolated Q4 comparing to last year, telling exactly the same story.
 prices on much
 higher level. They are compensating well
 the higher raw material cost base volume slightly lower compared to last year's fourth quarter.
 fixed cost on a higher level
 And this is now mainly related to maintenance activities where we had the shift in timing.
 America's division did the big maintenance during Q3 last year,
 And this year we did it instead of during Q4.
 also mobile maintenance
 which was done
 During Q4 is something we do only every second year.
 And then the other half is related to personal cost.
 with these high earnings
 we are realizing profit-sharing programs.
 And then if we compare Q4 with the Q3 outcome, prices did continue to go upwards,
 compensating again
 higher raw material cost base
 volumes slightly lower, partially seasonality of Q4 related
 and also these transportation problems that Martin already mentioned.
 fixed cost in this
 comparison more related to
 seasonality. Q3 is
 a vacation period and then as you can see
 the utilization of capacity
 was higher
 at us the materials and services also higher in line with that.
 All this good performance led to a strong cash flow.
 Q4 net cash flow
 ended on a level of
 5.4 billion
 and the full year, 12.4 billion.
 Comparison, high level with last year, definitely the earnings played an important role.
 They were much higher compared to last year.
 some negative impact with
 working capital with higher inventories
 but nothing to be alarmed about because the net operating working capital over net sales
 did develop really well during this year.
 maintenance expenditures on a higher level
 financial items slightly lower
 Taxes naturally higher with this level of earnings.
 strategic investments were somewhat higher
 and this is now mainly related to the oxalozoon conversion started
 and we will continue during next year as well.
 As said already in the beginning, the target set for year-end to be net debt-free,
 we reached and actually exceeded the gearing ratio at the end of the year being negative minus three,
 while last year it was 19.
 So the net cash position positive 2.3 billion.
 Then when we look at the next year forecast on high level, the CAPEX activities will increase during next year.
 and this is now mainly related to the oxalosund conversion.
 We were indicating CapEx need for this year, 3, 3.5, and we were slightly below 3.
 net interest to be somewhat lower for next year
 and then the taxes higher, and that's due to the incurred taxes this year,
 will be paid out next year.
 So on a total level, 8.5 is the total gas need estimate at this stage for next year.
 Very briefly about the raw material view going forward, or actually this is illustrating the history.
 the iron ore
 peaked during 2021, started to come down luckily during Q4,
 but the latest development is again upwards.
 so the outlook for iron ore for Q1
 is that it will be on a similar level than Q4 with an upward risk.
 And then the coal prices, they continued to increase second half of the year,
 peaking upwards and they will continue
 to increase also during
 Q1. This is only
 few of the raw materials, the bigger raw materials
 and we know that the alloys, for example, zinc and other materials will continue to go up.
 So overall, the cost base is expected to be somewhat higher for Q1.
 and very briefly scrap prices
 This is illustrating the U.S. spot prices.
 they were on a higher level for Q4, coming down mainly seasonality for January,
 and the outlook for February is that it's stable or might be going upward.
 So that's still unknown.
 But then, regarding outlook and other issues, Martin will continue.
 Thank you, Diana.
 so
 some words then
 about the accelerated Nordic transformation.
 And to start to give you some background, back in 2017, we formed the hybrid joint venture
 together with Vattenfall and LKAB.
 And we also inaugurated the world-unique pilot plant
 for producing
 sponge iron,
 fossil-free sponsoring in 2020.
 During last year we delivered or produced the first fossafri sponge iron in that pilot plant
 We also started a plan to reach commercial volumes of 1.3 million tons
 in this project of fossil-free sponge iron in 2026
 in line with the need and the demand in Åkselösund.
 We then in August rolled and delivered the first fossil free steel and that was delivered
 delivered to Volvo Group
 to their new TARA-maskines.
 So in this partnership, we have created the foundation for a fossil-free value chain
 all the way from the iron ore being up in the mountain in the north of Sweden
 until finished products in this example
 or Tara Machine from Volvo Construction Equipment.
 So this is what we have created since 2016.
 we have also
 see a lot of interest
 from customers
 in existing customers
 in our important and focused segments.
 These are examples of partnerships that we announced during last year.
 we have also seen that
 the demand today
 and especially in the future
 exceeds the planned supply of 1.3 million tons in 2026.
 And the demand is not only bigger, but also broader than we currently have the ability to produce.
 And I would say a big part of it is within the mobility segment, advanced high strength steels for automotive and for heavy transport.
 and we have had
 and continue to have, and that is only increasing,
 new customers in those segments approaching SSAB wanting to sign partnerships
 and take part of this development.
 so we have decided
 or the board has decided to start a feasibility study
 with the ambition
 or the
 to accelerate
 the Nordic
 strip production system
 and the idea is to build a new
 Minimil in Luleå and one in Rohe
 and close existing blast furnaces and steel shops and so on.
 So build two new compact, high-efficient mini-mills
 with a scale of roughly 2.5 million ton each,
 which is in line with current capacity.
 capacity. We expect to complete this transformation during the coming 10 years and that is the
 The timing is good because that is before the next scheduled blast furnace relining
 and the next scheduled big investments in coke oven batteries and so on.
 So the timing is perfect around 2013.
 This will allow us to expand the product range in terms of grades, dimensions and quality within current specialty and premium strategy.
 As one example, we will be able to produce Q&T two meter wide with thin gauges, which is asked for by the market.
 this will also give us
 capability to run
 a flexible load of HPI,
 sponge iron, and recycled scrap.
 support of the discussions and
 And the partnerships we have with customers is to reuse the Verdean scrap, so to say.
 We will leverage
 existing downstream assets
 for the new mills, including
 Borlänge, Hemmelina, Tube Mills
 to Noah, rookie construction,
 and cut-to-length facilities.
 And we will build both mills fossil free from the start, including power supply.
 and I will come into some details.
 if we look at this graph showing the possibility to reduce
 with 8 million tons
 of carbon dioxide per year
 15 years
 earlier than planned, if you just put
 what the cost might be
 or where it is close today
 of 2030
 without free allocations
 because the free allocations in Europe will go away.
 That by itself is equivalent to 7 billion per year in cost avoidance by doing this fossil free.
 but this of course overall
 or strengthen our ESG position as a company.
 If you look into the benefits with these type of mills,
 I would claim that this will give us the possibility
 to have a structural and long-term profitability uplift.
 If we look and start with the commercial benefits, we will have a broader range of specialty and premium products.
 We will be able to increase sales to Nordic customers in areas where we don't have capacity today,
 and that is asked for.
 one example is
 galvanized material
 We will have a much faster ramp up of fossil free steel volumes in line with the market demand.
 if we look at the operational efficiencies
 we will have a much better cost position.
 Lead times will be completely different.
 Today we have lead times of six, eight, and sometimes ten weeks.
 We will build mills with lead times below two weeks.
 we will have said
 avoid
 costs for CO2 emissions
 and we will
 the risk, the carbon dioxide
 cost exposure
 And we will also try to take away the small last part of emissions by also looking into using biofuels in Oxelösund to become 100% fossil free.
 If we look at the increased operation of flexibility, and as you know, we are used to run mills like this.
 We have two of them in U.S.
 we will have lower fixed costs and a much better ability to adopt to swings in demand.
 It's much easier with a mini-mill and an electric arc furnace.
 it's in practice
 if you put it bluntly, red and a green bottom.
 When the business cycle is good, you push the green button.
 and when the business cycle is bad, you push the red button.
 so much more flexibility
 than running blast furnaces that are typically built for being run 24-7
 in 15 years or 20 years
 and then you do a relining or coke oven batteries
 that you run 24-7 in 30 to 50 years without flexibility.
 we will also have a better room
 flexibility. We can use
 both fossil free HBI from the partnership in hybrid and we can also use
 recycled scrap from internal operations
 and customers, scrap that we are typically today selling on the market.
 And then, of course, we will be able to reduce and avoid reinvestments in existing code-based operation.
 And as you might know, many of our operations were originally built during the 60s and the 70s.
 So we will have modern mills, state-of-the-art mills with much lower capex needs.
 We expect this when we move now and start a feasibility study
 to cost around $45 billion for the coming eight to ten years,
 and that includes
 Luleå, Rae, Borlängen, Hemmelina
 but it is excluding
 the conversion
 in Oxelösund that costs
 5 billion on top of this
 this. And if we look at
 the investment plan up until 2045.
 I would say that this is similar or even lower than the existing plan
 to keep maintenance of the assets we have today
 and moving into electric arc furnaces.
 So we will have a much more strategic and future-oriented investments in this case.
 And when we look forward, we see that we have the ability to fund this transition with our own cash flow.
 and when we look at
 and we will come back with updates
 when we do the FIDs and so on.
 but when we look at the overall calculation,
 and this is a very interesting investment case.
 but we can't do this only by ourselves
 We need help with some things from the society.
 Of course we need environmental permits and have an efficient permit process.
 that is maybe
 a little bit less boring
 What is important, though, is that we have fossil-free electricity
 at the right time, at the right place.
 So we need to work with electricity transmission and make sure together with society that we can deliver that together on time.
 But if we can do that, we have a very good opportunity
 to be fossil-free 2030 in line with the growing market demand.
 So the way forward, we have initiated the feasibility study for Luleå and RAE.
 We will start immediately the permit process already now
 and we will come back with
 information about
 sequencing in financial
 guidance to when it is
 available so we will keep you updated
 as we move on with this project.
 project.
 Then, outlook and summary for the year.
 When we look into Q1, we continue to see healthy demand in many sectors and many areas, and especially for Q&T and advanced high-strength steel, we foresee a solid demand in Q1.
 There is always, of course,
 in
 Q1 as it was in 2021
 and Q4, questions regarding
 transport capacity and also the development of the COVID-19 situation.
 But right now it's not worse than it was in Q4, and hopefully this will ease up during 2022.
 so when we guide
 and look at shipments and prices.
 We expect higher shipments in special steels, Europe and Americas in Q1 versus Q4.
 stable prices in special steels
 somewhat lower prices in Europe
 and stable to somewhat higher prices in Americas.
 NS Lena said
 generally higher raw material costs
 and fuels and
 bottlenecks within transportation
 will continue in Q1.
 so if we sum it up
 before we open up for questions.
 Strong earnings, strong cash flow generation, high and stable production,
 good work with continuous improvement
 what we internally call SSAB1.
 Better safety performance
 and a debt-free situation with a net cash position end of 2021.
 The board is proposing a dividend of 5 kronor and 25 öre per share.
 And we have a plan for an accelerated Nordic transformation that better will meet customer demand for fossil-fee products within our segments.
 We are doing a step change or planning for a step change
 when it comes to efficiency, flexibility, and cost position.
 and we will be able to eliminate carbon dioxide emissions
 15 years earlier than the previous plan.
 so with that pair
 I think we open up for
 and Lena, we open up for questions
 yes
 we will do it
 Just a few words.
 we have good time now for questions
 but I'm sure there is a lot of questions
 So maybe in the first round, keep it to a couple of questions.
 and as always, please state them one at a time
 to make the process a bit easier here
 so by that then I would
 please ask the operator to present
 instructions.
 thank you
 If you wish to ask a question, please dial 01 on your telephone keypads now to enter the queue.
 Once your name's announced, you can ask your question.
 if you find its answer before it's your turn to speak
 you can dial at 02 to cancel.
 Our first question comes from the line of Alan Gabriel at Morton Stanley.
 Charlie, please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Yes, hi. Good morning, everyone. I have two questions. I'll start with them one at a time.
 Firstly, on the budget for your green steel transition, how much do you expect to obtain in funding from the Swedish or EU government,
 knowing that Oxelocin was the only site to have received the EU Innovation Fund backing back in November last year,
 given that your peers are also expecting almost 50% funding for their projects.
 How much do you expect?
 In our calculations, we have done this with our own cash flow,
 And then if we would get some funding, we haven't calculated with that.
 so the 45
 45 billion is
 what we believe it would
 cost maximum and
 And we see that we can do this with our own cash flow generation.
 Thank you.
 is what would be the maximum capex that you're willing to tolerate in any given year from now
 until the end of the project.
 And what does that mean for your capital returns strategy and your dividends?
 say, for example, in 2022.
 we will not change the dividend policy
 we were
 the proposal for 2021
 is in line with the dividend policy.
 We will not change that.
 I think we are in a position
 with the net cash position.
 when I look forward and look at
 demand development
 cost development and so on
 And you should expect us to continue to generate.
 I've been saying this for many years now, but you should expect us to continue to generate strong free cash flow.
 And then we will use that.
 And, of course, this is money belonging to the shareholders.
 We will use that to invest and also to pay dividend.
 And in terms of your maximum capex tolerance per annum?
 No, but that will, of course, change over the years.
 and I mean, now we start a feasibility study
 and we are running the Oxelösund project.
 So, I mean, it will be a bit, call it back and loaded, the rest of it.
 And we will have possibilities to adjust that over time as well.
 We don't have one figure saying that this is the maximum investment level we will have.
 But what we know is that instead of investing in old equipment,
 we will invest in brand new equipment.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tom Zhang of Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Yes, morning. Thanks for taking our questions.
 also to take them one by one
 The first question, I was wondering if you could help us understand what sort of the net capex is,
 because clearly you're avoiding, as you mentioned,
 coking battery capex some other capex that you would have needed if you kept the glass fences
 I was wondering if you had a number on effectively what the net capex expenditure is over the
 next 10 years if you deducted those costs but if you take them as i try to show out i mean what we
 see running the
 existing operations for the period I showed
 on the slide will cost slightly more.
 And to give you some examples, a relining of a blast furnace is roughly one to one and a half,
 for around one and a half billion.
 Building a new or relining a Coke oven battery is much more expensive than that.
 and then we have steel shops
 and a lot of other things.
 So I would say this is, compared to the previous plan, a bit more front-loaded,
 but the absolute terms are actually slightly lower.
 Okay, fair enough.
 And second question, just on U.S. plate pricing.
 I'm wondering if you're feeling any pressure there given plate looks to have overshot HRC quite materially now
 do you think there are any sort of risks that normalizes or do you think this kind of plate
 an elevated spread could be maintained
 given sort of infrastructure demand.
 Very good question, but I would say that what we saw regarding the spread of HRC and plate last year
 was abnormal, with HRC being much higher than plate.
 what we see now is more
 a historical pattern
 Will that stabilize and be there forever?
 I don't really know but
 we see a good
 underlying demand for play to North America
 and especially for infrastructure purposes and others.
 but where the spread will go.
 I was surprised to see the negative spread last year, to be honest.
 Okay, yes, that makes sense
 I think there's spread now, at least from the numbers that I see,
 quite a bit above historic normalized, but it sort of feels like, yeah, and the market
 the demand is there to certainly stop it going negative again.
 Okay, those are my questions.
 Thanks very much.
 thank you
 Our next question comes from the line of Seth Rosenfeld of XM BMP Paragraph.
 Please come ahead to you online, it's open.
 Good morning.
 Thanks for taking our questions.
 I, too, I'll take one by one, first on decarbonization and second on special steels.
 With regards to the decarbonization strategy, can you just give us a bit more color on the raw materials plan?
 You know flexibility between scrap and HBI, but obviously on the HBI side, you're reliant on hybrids.
 Can you walk us through the plans for expansion of the hybrid green HPI capacity and what the additional CapEx implications would be for your contribution?
 So I'll start there, please.
 what we have what we are planning for right now is
 what we call the demonstration plan
 which is a full-scale production plant of 1.35 million tons.
 And we have announced that that will be built by the partners up in Vitofors in northern Sweden.
 And then, of course, we are discussing other plans also to step up these investments and LKB is doing that.
 So we are doing this in a joint venture and a partnership.
 so this fits
 together with the plans
 for the value chain.
 So our ambition is to build a fossil-free value chain and have fossil-free steel available from that fossil-free value chain for our customers.
 And that will, of course, be dependent on the future demand.
 But what we see right now is that the demand is stronger than we thought
 And in the partnerships we have signed, the ambitions are quite strong.
 So we have a good, call it a good, good prospects for the future in that aspect.
 Then, of course, we need, of course, power supply in order to do this transformation.
 the power generation is there
 and the power generation is being built out.
 but we also need a power supply.
 so that I would say
 will be time-wise maybe a limiting factor.
 Okay, just to follow up on that, if by 2030 you're using exclusively green inputs, how
 How much HBI do you expect to be consuming compared to that 1.3 million tons currently under development?
 Of course, much more, yes.
 You haven't said that.
 I mean, we are moving now into the feasibility study,
 And then we can flex between HBI scrap and recycled Verdeen scrap, so to say.
 So, as I said, we are not using the scrap today.
 we can get scrap back from customers and use internal scraps.
 So the exact balance we need to come back to.
 Okay, thank you.
 and I guess one last question please
 on special steals.
 Can you just talk us through the medium-term outlook for price realizations?
 And this is a business that historically has been a lot less volatile than the Americas or Europe businesses.
 with some price pressure being realized today in the spot market.
 How do you think about special steals going forward?
 If we take a step back and look at the EBIT margins that I showed on one of the first pictures,
 pictures you saw that
 Europe and Americas had better
 and higher EBIT margins than special steels, which is typically the case in a very strong market.
 So you're right. Special steels, they are much more stable margin-wise and price-wise, less fluctuations and less volatility.
 what we see and what we saw during
 2021 is structurally
 increasing underlying demand.
 And we have seen that for quite some time.
 And that is the important part.
 so they will continue to grow
 And I would bet you that we will meet the strategic target of 1.6 at the latest 2023.
 so we are following the plan
 we are actually a bit ahead of plan
 But less volatility and more stable margins over time.
 But the underlying demand is structurally growing.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 our next question comes from the line of
 Alan Spence
 Jeffries, please go ahead to you online, is it?
 Yeah, thanks, guys.
 similarly two questions
 to take on one at a time.
 The first one on deconversation, how long do you anticipate feasibility studies to take?
 and what is your assumption around through-cycle profitability
 that allows you to find room for that of cash flow.
 I must apologize.
 The first question was
 on
 How long before we can see the feasibility study?
 we have started
 feasibility study and we will
 gradually get more and more educated
 but I will say
 maybe one and a half, two years
 Maximum.
 Okay, and the second part of that one was
 what is your assumption around
 profitability so that you can finance the CapEx out of cash flow?
 When we look at the long-term profitability and cash flow generation,
 including these investments, we see that we can finance this over this period.
 So that's our base assumption.
 And then, of course, when you do projects like this, in Swedish we say hängseln och livrem,
 you need to be really sure about that
 and we are very confident that we can do that.
 Okay, thanks.
 The second one on Europe, in 2021, you achieve your tonnage target per premium volumes.
 what's kind of an upside target for 23 or where do you see that going?
 I see we have a lot to do on that target, and especially within automotive,
 where the demand has been affected by shortage of semiconductors.
 We have excellent products, and some products, the martensitic steels up to 2,000 megapascal,
 Mega Pascal, where we are world unique.
 We know the platforms we are into and so on.
 So I see a lot of growth prospects for the automotive part as one example.
 And we have also invested in Borleng in the continuous annealing line to take up the capacity.
 so we have
 we have plenty of opportunities
 is to continue to grow that premium mix above the target of 2023.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. And just if I have one last one, just quick confirmation, if the feasibility
 these studies take one and a half to two years
 you're not
 can you just
 confirm that there'll be no CAPEX spent on those projects until those studies are done?
 no but there will be some costs
 I mean, with consultants, internal work and so on.
 but to be honest
 I'm not sure it will take, I don't have the
 exact days and months it will
 take the feasibility study but
 a fair guess
 from the top of my head would be one and a half to two years.
 and then we know the cap
 and then we will take the decisions
 meal by meal, so to say.
 Okay, thank you.
 Thank you.
 our next question comes from the line of
 lukenelson
 at JP Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Your line is open.
 Hi, thanks for taking my questions.
 It's true for me to take them one by one.
 Firstly, again, just on decarbonisation,
 maybe just more around the funding side of things
 and follow on from the prior question
 that sounds like CapEx is probably going to ramp up
 in a year or two's time.
 So 2022 will sort of still be a CapEx light year from that side of things.
 I suppose in that context, it's likely going to be a significant increase again in terms
 of balance sheet strength and the net cash position.
 How should we be thinking about that surplus capital over the very short term?
 Is it likely that it's sort of going to be kept more as a war chest in advance of that CapEx spend?
 or is there still an ability to maybe return surplus capital
 back to shareholders in the new term.
 I'll start with that.
 I think we have a clear dividend policy, and we will follow that dividend policy.
 and we are obviously in a different position right now with the net cash position.
 And as I said, and I've said it many times, and I have a tendency of repeating myself on that issue,
 but you should expect us to continue to
 generate from operations
 strong cash flow and have a good
 cash flow generation and we are not done
 even though I think Lena was rightly so impressed
 with the development of net operating working capital over sales.
 We actually had a lot of inventories at the end of the year due to transport problems and so on.
 So I think we will have a solid cash flow generation for the coming years and for the future.
 and then we will use that cash flow wisely.
 As I said, it belongs to the shareholders.
 We will live by the dividend policy and we will do investments that we believe is good investments for the future.
 So it will be a combination.
 Thank you.
 The second question is, it's more just on the CapEx figure itself.
 can you maybe
 He, I just,
 It's clearly the subject to a feasibility study and confirmation of that.
 But maybe can you just talk about to what extent there's contingencies built in within
 that's bigger from things like cost inflation and overruns and then maybe
 just in terms of how much of that that budget is fixed versus still subject to
 change and maybe assumptions around
 things like
 Of course, we have done our homework and done our calculations.
 and we are of course not willing to put ourselves in a situation
 where we would over-exceed
 that
 call it
 round and rough figure
 So there are continuances built into that number, yes.
 Okay, great.
 I'll leave it there and I'll jump back in.
 And let's come back to the issue when we have the FIDs and the investment cases ready,
 and then we can talk about profitability, internal rate of return and so on.
 Okay, great.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Christian Adler of Citigroup.
 Please go ahead. Your online is open.
 Hi, thanks for taking my question.
 And a couple of questions have already been asked.
 but a follow-up on CAPEX.
 So, I mean, with the Nordic system plan in place, we can see four large bucket of the CAPEX, which is sustaining CAPEX, contribution to the hybrid development, oxalusen conversion CAPEX, and then on top of that Nordic system CAPEX.
 So is that a fair way of looking at your CapEx pipeline for the next 10 years?
 And then can you help us estimate the CapEx for beyond 2022 in terms of all these four buckets?
 How should we think about kind of incremental capex in 2023, 2024, 2025 in these four buckets?
 What we are saying is that the transformation of the building
 of two modern, high-efficient
 minimals in the Nordic production
 including investment
 Simbolängen, Hemelina
 and some other
 That will cost roughly 45 billion.
 We have also said that the conversion of Oxylösund will cost roughly 5 billion.
 so these are the two main buckets
 Oxelusund will
 as communicated earlier
 be up and running and ready 2026.
 but then also when you know that
 we are not going to
 run the
 existing facilities with the
 blast furnaces and coke oven batteries
 and so on
 for the long term future
 there will also be a bucket of capex avoidance in existing facilities i mean right now we are up
 But until now, we have been running them as going concerned,
 meaning that they would run forever
 So you have a bucket of capex avoidance as well.
 And then how that plays out every year and so on is a bit too early to say.
 But in the 45 billion, we have contingencies and we will come back to call it FIDs for each investment.
 And this is a directional decision.
 And this is the starting point of a vision and an idea of speeding up the transformation of the Nordic strip system,
 where we have done a lot of homework, of course.
 Sure, sure. Thanks a lot.
 And then a quick shorter-term question on working capital.
 So you've already invested close to $6 billion in working capital in 2021.
 what should be kind of from a modeling perspective
 what should we be thinking in terms of working capital in Q1, at least from a direction point
 of you?
 You will, of course, be dependent on the market,
 but you should not expect us to massively invest in working capital.
 Quite the opposite.
 Thanks, Locke.
 Talk right again.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Carsten Reek at Credit Suisse.
 please go ahead
 your line is open.
 Thank you very much.
 two questions from my side.
 the first one is on the current
 order backlog in Europe and North America.
 Do you see any change in patterns currently, probably for the second quarter, given the high steel prices still in your order book?
 means is there any standoff
 or do you think
 The good water intake will also continue into the second quarter.
 So the first half is pretty much, I believe, done.
 That's the first one.
 and typically we just
 guide for the coming quarter and the order book
 for Q1 gives us
 the courage to give the guidance
 we have
 then I said
 Covid is a question mark
 transportation system
 it's a question mark, but the order book
 gives us
 clarity in Q1
 Am I expecting the word to break down first of April?
 It doesn't look like that right now.
 No, what can I do?
 Also, Martin, we believe that the shortages will probably ease during the first half.
 at least that's our base
 scenario then as you said we don't know
 but
 Okay, perfect.
 that helps already
 The second question I have is also on the CapEx for 2022.
 too. You mentioned
 around five billion at the same time we see that your target
 of course,
 as I say,
 these services, for example, to achieve $4.5 billion in sales, and out of it, one and
 a half billion through
 acquisition is still
 on so um ideally you need to actually um execute on this within the next 24 months um is these 5
 billion CapEx number, including any acquisition CapEx?
 Yes.
 Is it already included?
 Yes.
 I was partly wrong during my presentation
 because we actually did some acquisition within SSAB services during 2021 as well.
 Okay, perfect.
 Thank you.
 I just want to clarify that.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Locus Bramheiser of Kepler-Chevra.
 please go ahead
 you're online
 Yes, my morning.
 Thank you for taking the question.
 maybe
 let me get back to the
 to this decarbonization plan,
 which I guess is pretty impressive for the rest of the industry.
 when you talk about
 the motives to advance that much
 I take the point on
 on the demand, but I guess
 with a longer-term perspective, this is probably what you expected anyway,
 that the green steel is becoming what the the main product the market is
 demanding for are there any
 other points why
 this is being accelerated that much
 looking at Oxidus
 You have been discussing these issues with infrastructure and permitting
 and the power cables and so on for quite some time.
 So what is giving you the confidence from that background
 that you can move that much faster than previously anticipated?
 I think it's a bit less complicated up in northern Sweden and northern Finland for one reason.
 And we have learned a lot as well during this process.
 but the underlying
 factories
 the increased demand.
 And when we started this project together with LKB and Vattenfall, we were not really foreseeing how the demand would develop.
 And I think also we have a unique position here up in the Nordics
 because we have a surplus of fossil-free electricity.
 we have the right iron ore
 We have the knowledge and we have now also proven that we can produce this steel.
 and that has been asked for by the market
 and has been creating a lot of interest in the market.
 I also think that we have with those prerequisites the possibility to bring and start to bring mini-mills to Europe, which has not been the case before.
 and we have experience since 20 years of running mini-mills
 And you see the development in North America now with quite, I mean, take Steel Dynamics and Sinton as an example,
 quite impressive mills being built with capacity and cost position and capabilities that fits us very well.
 and we see the possibility to
 broaden our product offering.
 One example was 2-meter-wide Q&T with thin gauges that is asked for by the market,
 but we don't have the ability to produce today with good cost efficiency and productivity.
 so it's a lot of reasons
 but it starts with the increasing demand from the market and the marketplace.
 And if you should do this anywhere in Europe, I think you should do it in northern Sweden and northern Finland.
 Okay, I think that's a fair point.
 and not to maybe, can we come back to the CapEx figure,
 maybe I will
 and I'm going to tell the person
 not sure whether I got it right, is the plan including any incremental DRI investments
 or would be the base case that this could be done by LKB?
 And is this, are you having now a different stance on the, you know, on the, whether you want to be part of this or do you want to have that outside of your core competencies?
 is this
 acceleration are changing your
 stands on what is your
 co-business and what is outside of your core?
 No, it hasn't, and we haven't, to be honest, really decided.
 what is important for us is the partnership
 with LKB and Vattenfallen
 the ambition
 or the
 the ambition to create a fossil-fri
 value chain and to optimize that value chain
 And then how we will invest or not in that, we need to figure out over time.
 but we have been investing in the pilot plant
 and we are now in the hybrid, in the final stages of the FID with the demonstration plant.
 So is the DRI included in the 45 billion?
 The 45 billion is what is currently the Nordic strip system.
 so the answer is simple and the answer is no
 Okay.
 And finally, on the ramp-up of these green steel shipments,
 fossil free shipments, you're saying
 that you want to have the commercial
 push
 to
 already
 from the very start.
 so if there's
 are you seeing a fair chance that the mill can deliver the full volumes from the very beginning
 or shall we expect there's a multi-ramp-up?
 There is always on investment ramp-ups.
 The good thing with this is that we can build the mills in parallel with the existing mills.
 And then when the new mills are ramped up, we close the existing mills.
 and we can do that before the next blast furnace relining
 or before we need to spend a lot of money in cocoa and batteries and others.
 So from a risk perspective, I think this is also a way of mitigating risks.
 so we will not
 put any customers in
 in Jeopardy.
 Okay, maybe I was unclear.
 What I meant is on the demonstration plans,
 this first 1.3 million tons of fossil free steel what kind of timeline do you think do you need to
 fully push and establish
 that comes in the market.
 Is this just a one-year process or is this rather a multi-year ramp-up phase?
 No, we are getting more and more sure that we will be able to deliver volumes from that plan to Oxelösund 2026.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 Okay, that's clear.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Mann at Bank of America.
 Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Good day, guys. Thank you very much for the opportunity to answer the question.
 it's a bit of a follow-up question
 just on the possible funding for this,
 And apologies if I misunderstood the answer.
 but I understood that
 at the moment you're planning for the
 SEC 45 to be
 funded internally from cash flows
 and you're confident that you can generate that.
 Yes.
 I mean, is there not government funding or government support or European funds or even low-cost financing available that can help offset some of this capex pool?
 and will you be looking into that?
 or is it the case that you've looked at it and decided to do it yourself?
 No, but of course there could be possibilities like that,
 but we have not taken that into account when we have done our calculations
 but we see a lot of interest
 of funding these kind of projects.
 but I said when we look at
 in the future we see that we have the ability
 to fund this with their own cash flow.
 And then how we finally finance it, let's take that decision when we come to the investment decisions.
 decisions and as you saw last year we already then had this sustainability linked bond where we had
 good conditions on the back of
 back of the earlier plan
 now this is much more aggressive
 So we will not be in a worse position on that as well.
 But I think the starting position is decent with the net cash positions
 and good cash flow generation prospects.
 So I think, yeah.
 Thanks.
 I think the reason there's so many questions on this is because your peers say, you know, they're expecting up to 50 percent of government support.
 So I think that's where it's all coming from.
 Yeah.
 and then maybe just one follow-up you mentioned.
 Yeah, yeah, okay, yeah, sorry.
 So, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Martin.
 I don't mean to interrupt you.
 and I was trying to think out loud
 and that is not always a good idea, so please continue.
 you
 the
 The second question I just wanted to ask is, you know, you did speak a little bit about
 how this could be positive for margins in terms of you know the different grades
 and qualities of steel that you're able to output.
 Can you maybe just help us think through the economics, the unit economics of this a little bit more?
 So should we be thinking about this as higher cost steel, although you avoid CO2, but at
 the end of the day, you're getting a premium or a higher price on average, a higher realized
 I think, yeah, what...
 Is that the way to think about it?
 The way we have looked at this is that we will have a much more cost-efficient production
 with a broader product portfolio.
 and then of course as you mentioned
 some future cost avoidance
 That is how we have done the calculations.
 I think there will be most probably a premium to start with on fossil free.
 But I think and hope that fossil free will be the new normal and because customers and consumers are demanding that.
 So over time, I think this will be a very cost-efficient, effective way of producing fossil-free steel products within our niches and our segments.
 Understood.
 So thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Victor Charleston of Danske Bank.
 Please go ahead, you're online, is it?
 Yes, thank you operator and good morning Martin and Lena.
 just first
 Luke, could you please
 reminders on
 moon synonyms, cat-baked moods
 for the coming 5, 10 years.
 at what level it's up
 But I think
 we have had
 fairly the last couple of years
 failure, normal maintenance, capex
 level, sorry if I remember it correctly
 at or around a couple of billions.
 Yeah, $1.8 to $2 billion it's been.
 And that, of course, we see the possibility to gradually then decrease
 when we know that we will not run the existing system forever.
 So it will be gradually lower and lower.
 okay no that's uh that's brilliant i i just think you know you're sending quite strong message in
 terms of cash flows, I suppose.
 so I talk about
 ostracetic aspects of
 let's say 5.5 billion per year in the coming 10 years.
 let's say maintenance cap
 makes a 1.6
 You know, you have historically generated $3 billion in free cash flow over a cycle.
 that would imply $10 billion in operating cash flows for the coming 10 years.
 you know what's behind that
 Is that a more healthy steel market?
 I think it's a combination if you look right now and compared to a number of years ago,
 I think that the steel market is more in balance.
 I think also with this Fit for 55 in Europe, there will be no possibilities for steel companies to hunt volumes because they will have to pay emission rights.
 I think structurally maybe healthier from an output point of view
 and demand and supply balance a healthier market.
 But we are also looking into our ability to continue to shift the mix to less volatile products, more profit-generating products.
 then of course we will still have volatility but the ambition is to reduce the volatility as much as possible
 and that is done with a couple of things
 of course the most important part
 shifting the mix towards more stable, price-stable and margin-stable products.
 continue to work with the continuous improvements
 in order to increase productivity, reduce costs, and reduce lead times.
 And so we have a number of programs that we are running.
 And I think that when we look at that, we see that when we do the calculations, including continuance and so on, we see that this is clearly a good opportunity and possibility for the future.
 Yeah, no, brilliant.
 strong message
 obviously
 I guess that, you know, implies normalized earnings of, let's say, $12 billion.
 So, I'll...
 Okay.
 2021 was obviously a very good year.
 She wouldn't think so.
 It has to generate more than $12 billion in free cash flow every year.
 But I've been like a fool repeating myself that we should be able to continue to generate strong cash flow.
 and we are not ready.
 I mean, yes, we were investing a lot in working capital towards the end of the year.
 Yes, for sure.
 Will we continue to do that?
 But no, we still see opportunities to become more capital efficient.
 And the example with the minimals, if you reduce lead times from just a simple calculation,
 from eight weeks to less than two weeks,
 there is also a huge possibility
 of releasing working capital.
 Yeah, that's just a question in terms of your Q1 guidance, more short term.
 And just, you know, to be clear, what you're saying is that cost could come up a bit, prices basically flat, and then you have no maintenance in Q1.
 So I suppose, you know, mixing that together, Q1 earnings should be higher than Q4.
 Is that correct?
 We don't give any figures or guidance.
 That's your job to figure out.
 No, but we are also saying that we see problems in the supply chain.
 We had the end of Q4 and we still have problems with getting trucks, getting containers, railway shipments, boats and so on.
 We don't know where the COVID situation will end up and when it will end.
 We have had problems in Q4.
 we still have problems with a lot of people
 with a high short-term leave, people being in quarantine, being sick
 or taking care of sick family members.
 So it's too early to say.
 there are still some
 call it
 problems
 like we had in Q4
 and they persist into Q1 so far.
 Remember, Victor, also that prices in Europe will be lower also.
 yeah
 Yeah, yeah. No, that's clear.
 And just a final very quick question, just in terms of returns on the CAPE program, you mentioned 7 billion in avoided CO2 costs, so I guess you don't know incremental.
 that was one example
 But when we look at the calculation, and we need, as I said, need to come back to that when we come with the FIDs,
 But we see this as a very interesting investment opportunity.
 when we look at the calculations so far.
 Otherwise, we wouldn't propose it.
 But let's come back to that with more detail.
 Okay.
 Okay, okay.
 Thank you very much, guys.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Johannes Gronosilius of DMV Markets.
 Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Yes, hi, everyone. It's Johannes Grunsellus here.
 Yeah, I have a question on, well, what you showed on basically
 slide 18 in your slide package about premiums on the first green steel that
 you're aiming for I think 2026 or so. Could you elaborate a bit on on how you
 you see the price premiums here.
 Is it sort of one premium from everyone buying fossil-free steel, or is it sort of different case-by-case?
 and I would so much appreciate if you could give us any sort of help
 in the magnitude of future price premiums that you're projecting.
 That's my question.
 I don't know.
 No, not really.
 I mean,
 we think
 the market is very interested
 The market is willing from start to pay a premium.
 I honestly believe that
 there might be a price difference
 between
 carbon-fri, fossil-fri stilen
 and usual steel, or a margin difference, or however you put it.
 But I think and hope that this will be the new normal.
 so I think it's very hard to say
 what will the premium be over time
 and how do you calculate the premium?
 so let's come back to that
 I don't have a good answer, but we see that the current demand is exceeding the planned capacity.
 And our base case guess
 and I would say that this is a fairly educated guess,
 is that that demand will not lower over time.
 and you have seen announcement from companies like Daimler.
 what kind of pressure they put on their sub-suppliers when it comes to scope 3 emissions.
 and my guess would be
 and I would claim that this is an educated guess as well,
 is that that pressure will not decrease.
 is, I would say, quite the opposite.
 Mm, mm.
 but that's helpful anyway
 what I see
 and what I'm trying to say, Johannes, is that
 I see an opportunity because the location and the knowledge
 and the partnership we have within Hybrid and with customers makes this,
 I mean, if you should do this, you should do it in northern Sweden and northern Finland.
 Yeah, yeah, got you.
 I mean, everybody assumes, I suppose, that the premium will be highest in the first years when this is a revolutionary product.
 let's see
 if it becomes a new normal or not.
 Then I have a question also.
 So you mentioned a few times in the presentation,
 Martin about that scrap availability seems to be pretty good for you in the Nordics I mean
 would it be possible to run the new
 SSA be set up with
 the sort of scrap in the Nordics
 And is it an offset scrap, basically, that you can be using locally?
 or how do you see that?
 We could potentially do that, yes, run it on scrap as we do in U.S.
 and there is scrap availability in the Nordics,
 and we are one big producer of scrap and our customers using our material.
 So then we could also use it with scrap from the market.
 Today, we are selling scrap to the market.
 so there is
 possibility and that's what we try to call
 flexibility then between HBI
 and scrap so we will in practice
 have higher flexibility
 than raw material flexibility
 today than today.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Al.
 Our next question comes from the line of Bastion Sinau-Bivitz of Deutsche Bank.
 Please go ahead.
 Your line is open.
 Good morning, and also thanks for taking my questions.
 I've got only two Qwikons left.
 but I'll also take them one at a time.
 Martin, could you briefly talk about the new product segments which you aim to enter, please?
 We have a fairly good idea about that, and it is within the mobility sector.
 and one good example, and I won't bore you with too many examples,
 but one good example is to meet the
 wide Q&T
 and thin gauges
 which is asked for by the market, and we are not in a cost-efficient way able to produce that today.
 I mean, the quarter mill in Oxelösund is not an optimal setup to produce, I would say, thinner gauges than four millimeters.
 And with these mills, we can produce one, two, three, up to four millimeters.
 so we will have a broader product offering
 we will also be this
 what we are lacking today and what is asked for is
 and where we have a fairly low market share
 is galvanized products, especially within advanced high-strength steels.
 We don't have the capacity today.
 That will be another example.
 So with that, I guess you're really entering a new product spectrum in that sense that you're basically entering the surface market in automotive, right?
 Not necessarily, no, but we are focused to stay within our niches with the vast high strength steels and Q&T.
 and there we see possibilities
 both for
 as said with the example of Q&T, new grades and new gauges and widths,
 but also other parts where we are either Lego producing today,
 like galvanized advanced high-strength steels
 or not being able to produce it all.
 Okay, and then just to briefly explore even a little bit further then.
 Just to be clear, I mean, we are not changing the strategy or the focus on niche products.
 That's still the foundation and will continue to be the foundation of SSAB.
 I think that's very clear
 that you're pursuing that.
 but just to explore briefly further
 You mentioned strong demand, and I guess we all were able to see a very strong demand from automotive.
 I guess this is the segment which you are emphasizing.
 At the same time, at the moment, automotive, I would say relative to other C-companies, is underrepresented in your end market.
 Are you seeing that pull for fossil-free steel from other end-market segments as well, such as white goods or whatever?
 Yes, we see that from a lot of segments and segments that we are not active in today
 and segments where we will not be active, but we see it from heavy transport.
 We see it from other segments where we are active today.
 I would say, to be honest, we see it from most of the segments
 want to have fossil free steel in the future
 With very few exceptions.
 Okay.
 Perfect. Thanks, Martin.
 And then I have one follow-up question on CapEx.
 And sorry to come back on that.
 Obviously, there have been a lot of questions around that already.
 Lena, you were showing some charts on CapEx, I think on slide 22.
 and I guess before you've always been talking about
 3, 3.5 billion CapEx over the cycle as a rough guidance
 to keep things simple and instead of talking about, say, peak CapEx
 or nailing things down to one specific year, which I appreciate is very difficult to do.
 what would be the new normal
 effective over the cycle
 CAPEX for the rest of the decade, which we should be factoring in.
 And again, I'm conscious that may be subject to change
 because if electricity isn't there,
 the 45 billion will obviously be spent
 maybe over a longer time span
 and maybe there will be some funding.
 But what is a broad number we can work with versus the three to three and a half before?
 it's a very good question
 And let's come back to that because, as we said, I mean, we have the maintenance capex level today.
 that will over time then in existing facilities go down.
 We have the Oxelösund conversion, which we have said will cost until 2026 roughly 5 billion.
 and then we have this new program
 so it will be a combination of that
 and it will be dependent on when
 we start, but for the coming years
 should expect us to move on
 Vid Oxelösunden
 and then gradually then start to invest in our Nordic mills.
 but at the same time we will start to reduce maintenance capex
 and call it other strategic capex in those facilities.
 so let's come back to that
 when we move on with this feasibility study
 and have more clarity.
 but we have said a round figure
 of 45 including
 contingencies and
 in order not to
 disappoint anyone with that figure.
 okay
 Okay, sounds good, okay.
 At least I tried my best.
 Okay, thanks so much.
 You tried on Lena's first meeting to see if you could convince her to answer something
 that you knew that you wouldn't get an answer from Håkan or me.
 So, good try.
 Thanks.
 Okay, thanks so much.
 All the best.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Andy Jones at UBS.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you all mine as well.
 hi thanks for the uh thanks for the opportunity my question is regarding priorities because i guess
 the very low power costs
 in northern Sweden
 so I had a huge advantage for making low-cost sponge iron
 and clearly you're dedicating a huge amount of capital to EAFs
 and basically sorting out the steel facilities,
 but it doesn't leave a huge amount
 to potentially invest in hybrid going forward.
 Can you just talk a bit more about how you see the returns on producing sponge iron,
 given the economics, the power costs and so forth that you see now
 compared to, you know, the investments that you're making here.
 because obviously the majority of the CO2 reduction comes from the spongy part.
 And, you know, that seems to be where the value is.
 So I'm quite surprised that the magnitude of the spending here compared to the focus on hybrid.
 And are you giving up an opportunity potentially to LKAB who might wish to, who seem to want to accelerate this?
 So you're essentially losing some of the value of your location.
 that's quite
 It was a broad question, but...
 what I'm trying to explain
 is that we will do this in a partnership
 in the hybrid partnership together with LKB and Vattenfall.
 and I think
 it will be
 dependent on electricity prices.
 I think the good thing with this project is that we will also have hydrogen storage so we can use wind power as an example and then store energies in the hydrogen storage and then produce sponge iron 24-7 regardless of peaks or troughs in electricity prices.
 So what I'm trying to say, and let's come back to that,
 but we are trying together to optimize then a value chain
 and then exactly who will do what and who will own what
 we haven't really decided
 that we have the partnership we are now investing
 or planning to start to invest in the demonstration plant,
 and then we'll take it from there.
 So I'm talking about the full value chain together with LKB, SSAB, Vattenfall, and then customers.
 So what we are trying to achieve is fossil-free products out at end users in a cost-efficient way.
 Yeah.
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
 I guess I'm kind of asking, can you really afford to commit much more in terms of capital to hybrid, given these huge capex investments that you're playing here?
 That will, of course, depend on cash flow generation and so on,
 but now we are taking this decision and directional decision,
 and we'll take the decisions one by one.
 but it goes together because
 we are now investing in the
 fossil free value chain
 And I think that is what is appreciated by the market and what the market wants to see.
 I think the feasibility of doing that is better in the region we are than in other regions
 and with the knowledge and experience we have,
 we are very well suited for this.
 and we have a strong belief that this is
 the future, not maybe the full
 future, but this is what the market is
 All scheme for.
 No, I completely agree.
 And just to clarify something on the $45 billion, obviously the capital intensity is a lot higher than the oxalisant one, clearly because the scope is larger.
 Aside from just building EAFs, could you just give us an idea for what other facilities are included in that 45, for example?
 it is
 No, it's complete mini-mills.
 like
 I think Sinton
 in Texas is a good
 example. Completely integrated mills starting with electric arc furnaces out comes finished
 products after rolling
 So this is a complete minimum.
 In Oxelösund, we are closing the coke oven battery and the blast furnaces
 and moving over to electric arc furnaces,
 but we keep the steel shop, the rolling mill,
 because they are state-of-the-art and very well fitted for those kind of products.
 this i mean you should compare it with mobile or or symptom okay okay but okay fine fine that's
 That was great. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Seth Rosenfeld at Exxon BMP Paribas.
 please go ahead
 your line is open.
 Good morning.
 Just one follow-up question, please.
 I appreciate your comment earlier on the improved efficiency of the new capacity, better product mix, lower fixed costs, et cetera.
 but in the past
 He'd given an explicit figure for the higher operating costs of green steel.
 I believe it was 30% to 40% above traditional technologies.
 As you go forward and kind of dive into this at a broader scale, what's your confidence in the like-for-like operating cost component?
 I recognize there might be some
 all over the other mitigating positives,
 but how do you think about the cost of production?
 And what's your assumption around, for example, cost of that DRI substrate?
 Thank you.
 No, but we have become more and more sure about the cost and efficiency and so on.
 and that has not increased over time when we have become more and more sure.
 I'm sorry, the cost inflation you're more sure of?
 No, but the cost of producing steel like this has not increased
 when we have gotten more and more educated.
 I would say the opposite.
 Can you confirm an updated expectation for how much your operating costs will increase
 life-for-life with any technology?
 they would not increase
 Okay.
 So compared to prior guidance of an over 30% increase, the new guidance is no increase.
 Let's come back to that, but it is not a 30% increase for sure.
 okay i think this is something that the market definitely wants more color on
 recognizing how much capital is being allocated to the shift in technology.
 and we need to come back to that
 when we come up with the FIDs and so on and take it meal by meal.
 but the operating costs will be
 We will be much more cost-efficient.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 Thank you. And we have one further person in the queue.
 That's Alan Stence of Jefferies.
 Please come ahead to you online.
 is open.
 Thanks.
 I appreciate the opportunity to ask a couple of follow-up questions.
 the 5 billion
 Oxlis and Conversion CapEx.
 Can you just confirm how much that will be done by the end of 2022
 and then how the remaining will be split 23 to 25?
 I think for 22, it's around a billion.
 A billion in 2022.
 too.
 That's the total amount that's so far?
 for Oxelis own conversion.
 No, that's for the 22-year.
 4.22
 and how much was spent in 21
 I don't have the exact figure
 But part of the cost has already occurred during 2021.
 Yep.
 Okay.
 And the second one is just on the blast furnace relines
 and new Coke ovens for Lulio and Rahe.
 were those
 scheduled to be done before
 2030 or after 2030?
 I would say around 20, 30, then you can always flex.
 sometimes you can prolong it a year
 and sometimes you need to do it a year earlier.
 So I would say around 2030, the two blast furnaces in Roa, one of them slightly later, and also Luleå in that region as well.
 So I would say around 2030, all the three of them.
 Okay, so, but effectively within the timeline of the $45 billion.
 and not afterwards.
 Is that the correct way to think about it?
 around that timeline.
 I say that around 2030 because it's not an exact science.
 Sometimes you're lucky and you can run a blast furnace one more year than plants.
 And sometimes you're unlucky and you need to do it one year earlier.
 It depends so much of the wear and tear in the blast furnaces.
 and also if you have had to stop them or not.
 so it is not an exact science
 but around 20, 30, all three of them.
 Okay, thank you.
 So the idea is to avoid that, of course.
 of course.
 on the line at this time.
 I'll hand back to our speakers for the closing comments.
 Okay, thank you.
 thank you for all the interest
 and by that we close today's conference call
 and we wish you a pleasant day.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.