 Good morning everybody, welcome to our caliphonal web
 We are very confident that we will be able to do this in the future.
 results for our financial year ending 2021-22.
 As we go through the classical agenda, we'll start with the highlights, give you a short business update,
 And then Laurent, with me today, will go through the financial results and then we'll come
 come back for the conclusion, and of course we'll have a Q&A session, so we'll try to
 be relatively quick in the presentation to allow time for the questions.
 So in a nutshell, these results, this first half is entirely in line with what is close to you
 beginning of July during our capital market day and I just recall on this
 slide the few highlights of this capital market day.
 The first one is that we are benefiting from a good market, as you know, triggered by stimulus
 packages in favor of sustainable mobility, notably, and we are benefiting from this market
 because we believe that we are extremely well positioned
 with our new portfolio and our new manufacturing engineering
 development footprint.
 So this has been confirmed.
 This is being confirmed, as you will see, the prospects are also very positive.
 So, we have a very large pipeline.
 We are recovering in terms of sales, of course we are recovering as compared to last year
 because of the COVID situation of last year, but we are also humping up now the delivery of our
 project, in particular, the non-performing project
 difficult projects. As you know, we have relaunched a number of production of a number
 of the project, and this is being seen in the cells.
 In terms of integration, and when we come back on that, things are moving extremely fast internally.
 their whole organization is now in place. People are working in collaboration with one
 each other. And we are online with our synergy plan. As you know, we believe that it's synergy
 plan is more back-loaded because we need to concentrate and focus on project
 but still in terms of cost, we are containing the cost.
 Agents and DBTs in line, as I told you during the capital market, there is no particular
 surprised on the adjusted e-beats, you see more or less in line with what was
 and call it like you are.
 All good.
 Thank you.
 Finally, the free cash flow, which was, of course, a matter of attention.
 As I said, we had to invest quite significantly in working capital in order to relance the
 production to re-stabilize our project, and our free cash flow has been impacted as anticipated.
 The number is actually slightly better than what was anticipated, but we have a level of
 Volatility in our free-cash flows, so this is probably good news as compared to what we
 We are expecting, but still, it's within the volatility range that we experience classically in our business.
 So in terms of business, I will go relatively fast, confirming the good market perspective.
 We have just illustrated a lot of opportunities worldwide.
 What is important to notice, and these are the small dots on the map, is where opportunities
 everywhere in the world, and it happens that we are also
 access everywhere in the world and very well established everywhere in the world so wherever
 you have opportunities, you have actually strong, very strong ASTOM capabilities to
 to serve his opportunity.
 We believe that we are on all these opposites, extremely well placed, and there is one very
 satisfying factor during the first half is what we call our heat-heat ratio internally,
 meaning that we have been able to transform a lot of opportunities into actual owners.
 And I think this is a proof of our strengths on the market.
 So coming back to the number themselves, 9.7 billion euros of order again in line with
 our expectations, sound, commercial activities,
 In Europe and America, I said Europe is one of the most buoyant markets,
 figured again by all the green packages in most countries.
 These orders have been taken with heavy margins, so we'll come back to that on the self level,
 Back, I would say, to the virtuous circle of having a higher margin in order intake,
 and therefore the backlog, which is improving its margin.
 Overall, the backlog is now standing at 76.4 billion euros.
 look at the orders split by geography or by activities,
 First, by geography, we need to be careful because this is mainly driven by large orders
 in one geography or another so this cannot reflect a long-term trend and by activity
 As you can see, we have a very even speed of order intact with quite a little bit more
 60% of rolling stock, but a sound level of signaling of 1 billion and sound level of
 systems and notably with the order in Mexico.
 We have a few examples of orders, a few good orders to illustrate this period.
 We have some in Europe, in France, we have some in Asia, like in Taipei, in America,
 in Toronto, in Australia, in Melbourne, in Mexico, with Transmaria, which we come back
 like this is an example of sinuses.
 In terms of stakes, so progressive up-up, clearly last year we were impacted by the
 lockdown.
 We still continue and as expected to ramp up during the second half, so expect a stronger
 of the first half and the third half.
 Hologlide, but Hologlide, no particular comments.
 rolling stock is still moving up.
 Service has recovered, uh,
 the number of...
 um...
 Trends online on service is now back to a normal activity.
 Signaling is ramping up and system, as you know, system has been heavily impacted by
 at the end of some projects in Middle East, in particular Dubai and Lekro, and by the
 which has been put on service and which is working extremely well to go to Dubai
 by expo, if you have the opportunity to do by expo.
 But now, we are resuming our course, and this is mainly on the back of others in Egypt.
 I'm talking here about the monorail on Thailand as well, some monorails and of course on Canada,
 So this is the end which is a Montreal New Line.
 So we are back to our growth pattern in the engine system.
 Project stabilization, I think this is one of the key priority of the group.
 As I said, we need to clearly execute, stabilize our non-performing project.
 We have prepared a number of projects at geo-margin.
 We are going to continue to set a number project at zero margin during two to three years
 As we have said in the capital market there, this is again in line, there's no surprise
 there.
 It's difficult to summarize by one action.
 We have commercial actions, i.e. negotiations with customers in order to agree on discussions
 with Testomer in order to agree on new planning.
 We have manufacturing actions such as quality to ensure that all the sites reach the same
 level of performance in terms of operational performance, quality
 performance, but we have also technical action as we have to solve the number of technical
 issues.
 like one silver bullet, it's a very, very large number of actions which are different
 but I can tell you that the group is working extremely
 and very positively and one by one we are stabilizing the situation.
 A new feature, which here is maybe the only thing which is differing from the capital
 market there is the issue on the supply chain, so this is no news, as everybody talks about
 We have both short textures in terms of components and some inflation across the board.
 Today, we have not been impacted, both because our lead time is longer than other industries,
 but also because of the kind of mitigating factors.
 Major, sorry, but you can say Major.
 But still, this is a high level of attention
 within the company, of course.
 We are working day and night to make sure that we have access to any kind of components,
 App.
 Thank you for your attention.
 and that we are mitigating any inflation.
 We are naturally aged on the vast majority of our portfolio because we benefit from
 indexing inclusives.
 But, again, there are always moments where we are not fully covered and we need to take
 particular attention to make sure that we are weathering this situation.
 So no impact on the H1, we see how it develops during H2, I don't expect an impact on Q3s
 So in the next few months, of course, if the situation was to go on for a long period,
 It was in a TV equally in practice one day or another.
 In terms of integration, I think this is something which frankly is going faster than I would have thought.
 In terms of commercial activities, we made a survey for our customers and as you can
 We can see more than 96% of our customers give positive feedback on this implementation.
 Thank you very much for your attention.
 Frankly, quite unusual with such a scale of integration that we have such a positive
 it back from customers on the way this integration has been handled and the way they approach
 I've been managed during this period, so that's extremely good.
 at the same recorder.
 high heat head, mainly due to, I would say, the ability, and this is something on product
 the ability to propose to the customers already new solutions, which are meeting bricks coming
 from the X Bombardier Technological Portfolio and brings them in from the X Aston Technological
 portfolio.
 This is the ability of the teams to work and collaborate with one another.
 Of course, today, we have not merged the platform, so we are assembling different bricks from
 different...
 on the portfolios, and we are working on adding one common platform, this will take
 of time, but we expect that for the coming two to three years.
 In terms of processes, even though I believe that the very first priority is culture and people,
 Never forget, process is extremely important as well.
 We have converged, as we said, 40% of the processors, we aim at converging 80% of the
 processes by kind of marshal, just one year after the integration, most of the major processes
 are now being converted, and of course all what is controlled has been done day one, but
 and we are talking more about engineering and quality and so forth type of processes.
 ISIT, we have integrated the basic ISIT, but of course, as you know, we are deployed within
 a very strong digital suite.
 Full, what we can call industry for the zero in all our sites, it took ten years to develop
 We really aim at deploying it in the new perimeter in the next two to three hours.
 It's important that we have the same tools.
 This is in line with, I think, the same processors and this is also our willingness to have the
 some quality worldwide, so we will be product very thoroughly in the next two to three years.
 As I said, we are tracking all the synergies, keeping costs under control, but I said the
 The first one is definitely the project, the pre-establishment.
 But not least, as I said, people, this is the first priority.
 But this is where I think the greatest satisfaction is coming from, and there is a very strong
 and they're just trying to get things done.
 There is some collaboration, I guess.
 Now, thanks to all those who have been here during the COVID,
 Partially, there are the communes in the opening of some borders.
 I have the opportunity to visit a number of our sites, and I can tell you that all the
 These teams are now combined teams and this is extremely satisfactory.
 So a few examples of first wings, which are the results of the combination, and Maya is
 a very nice one because of course it's a train which is mostly from Nassau Technology, not
 not entirely, we use Bobadio Boogie,
 which will be manufactured in Saagun in a site which was an ex-Bombardier site, which
 It would be, by the way, the first size where we would deploy the digital suite of AXASTOM
 On Metro of Cairo, it's not a contract which is booked yet, I signed it yesterday, and
 This is, we have not sold any metro in Cairo nor Bombardier nor Alstom for the last 40
 years.
 the success of the monorail of the X-bombardium Tyro has saved the way for renewed, I would
 market penetration of at home in the city.
 But this is a small equipment, but a very important equipment.
 We have decided to implement right away the latest ASTOM controller on all of our new
 platforms.
 somewhat more advanced in digital technology, in particular in controllers, so we have
 We have taken the decisions on how all the trends that we're seeing, whether they are
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 form.
 And we benefit from the late test controller developed very simply by Atom.
 400 million synergies, safe balancing synergies have been achieved, of course, with bonding,
 procurement, good, we take good momentum on procurement, processes, we discussed about
 about it.
 we are converging and industry-wide sites.
 We are now for extended solution.
 we are benefiting from our global situation.
 The world of innovation, that's extremely important to first smart as you know we need
 It was smart innovation, so we made a considerable progress in cyber security.
 I think that we have more than 100 people who are dedicated to that, we are doing that
 internally for all our products but also we are serving more and more our
 Our customers in cyber security and our customers are of course extremely concerned by this
 situation.
 Signaling, we are continuing our progress in our new signaling systems, whether we talk
 about 80 for mainline and where the first contract for that, for example, or whether
 We are talking about our train-to-train new technology for CBTC, for Erdan, where we
 We have been awarded the line 18 on the Grand Paris in France.
 Green is effectively at the heart of our strategy.
 We should not forget that we need on all our trends to make some effort, to make some
 improvement in terms of green technology and we have unveiled the new, what we will have
 which is the new TV in France, with more seats, less energy consumption, of course, energy
 per seat has been decreased dramatically, and also let maintenance cost.
 So, this is what we do on all our platforms.
 Also, we are extremely well known for our green traction to replace Jesus, hydrogen.
 I mean, these last six months have been definitively six months which have seen hydrogen technology
 to be being promoted in Europe and beyond, and our
 as we can train has been, I would say, shown everywhere in Europe, in most countries in
 Europe.
 We are also, Bombardier is also very strong in battery power train, so now we have the
 really the two technologies, the hydrogen technology and the battery technology.
 So that's something that will definitively be two solutions for the end of the digital technology.
 We are fully committed to sustainability, to ELG in general, so I just want to complete
 my short introduction by reminding that we have a number of projects thanks to our foundation.
 We have a lot of actions in India, for example, and we have a number of socio-economic analysis
 done on this matter, again in India where we are extremely active, you know that India
 It's one of our main markets and the main platform.
 And we are fully committed to the CO2 emission reduction targets of the Paris Elemental.
 So, we have been happy to be included in the CAC40 ELG Index last September.
 I think this is paying tribute to all our efforts in that direction, which is at the
 we have to follow strategy.
 I will now leave the floor to Laurent for a few comments on the financial results.
 Thank you.
 So, let's start to review our profitability trajectories for our first half with all-in
 an adjusted...
 debit standing at 335 million euros at 4.5% to 6.
 So I expected our adjusted gross margin before PPA has been impacted by the dilutive effect
 of the traded 1.3 billion euro of sales of non-performing backlog.
 Below this adjusted gross margin are undisturbed at €220 million, very much in line with
 our trajectories announced in the CMDs and with the usual phasing between H1 and H2.
 and H2.
 Going further, our ratio of setting and initiative
 expense improved by 1.3% versus our ASTORM negative structures, and last, our net interest
 you next time.
 Thank you.
 which includes, as you know, mainly our Chinese John Ventures has a sustained performance
 up to 77 million euros.
 So going straight below adjusted a bit,
 We recorded the recycling and nationalization costs for 47
 which includes mainly expense related to the closure of APTIS, E-Bus for the R&D certificate
 Looked as well, integration and acquisition costs related to bombarding transportation
 for 32 million euros and the usual mechanical river soul to a bit off our Chinese GVs.
 below a bit, financial cost at 20 million euro, tax stable at ETR 27% and contribution
 from net income to equity investors at 65 million euros all-in, net profit at 172 million euros
 for our first half of fiscal year 2021-22, and an impact in terms of PPA net of stocks
 of minus 196 million euros.
 So, moving to the cash, as anticipated, our pre-cash flow reach minus 1.46 billion euro
 in H1, 21, 22, in line with our capital market day early July, with some positive phasing
 as already was said in between S1 and HP.
 As announced, our free cash flow has been impacted by non-recruiting working capital
 consumption due to phasing in the scale ramp up non-performing project stabilisation.
 Minus 1.7 billion euro working caps change has been shifted even by production of ramp-ups.
 impacting and souring ventubes,
 receivables, contract assets, and as well normalization of payment terms with our suppliers.
 CAPEX expense has been contained at €1.35 million with a favorable phasing in H1.
 In terms of provision, we do confirm our assessment of March 21 related to the provision for risks
 on BT legacy contracts, so absolutely no change whatsoever on these subjects.
 Looking forward, we do confirm positive precast flow for our H2 based on delivery acceleration
 and expect it continues and see order and date.
 So, turning to the evolution of the main moving blocks of our balance sheet, as of September 21,
 our net depth increased by 1.6 billion euros as a function of our working capital build-up.
 record it as well, some limited adjustments related to the PPA update, such as including
 in the case of different accesses linked to detail.
 of all PPI adjustments, change of layout entities for L4C
 the same application for ISRS 5 related to talent tree platform and last some adjustments
 on the intangibles following some positive evolution
 of our backlog assessment.
 All in.
 as you see, limited, with an increase of around 130 million euros.
 We are looking at our evolution of our net depth standing at 2.5 billion euros as of September 21.
 The drivers being obviously the anticipated negative free cash flow.
 In terms of MNA, two commands, so we close in each one a position of flare text, developing
 break subsystems, and alien hydrogen powers developing hydrogen fuel cells, all of this
 acquisition definitively in our strategy of bolt-on focused MNA.
 Finally, payments of dividends to that 45 million euro, following the option,
 offered to shareholders to receive 2021 dividend in new shares.
 Finally, in terms of liquidity and financing,
 We retain, as you see on each one, very sound liquidities and have implemented robust long-term
 financing structures with senior bonds, in addition to our 1.1 billion euros of cash
 At the end of September 21, we have two unknown RCFs for 3.25 billion euros, so leading to
 the strong 4.4 billion euro of available liquidities as of September 21.
 In parallel, we have issued as well 7.5 million euros of CPs under the new Group Commercial
 paper program of 2.5 billion euros with maturities before March 22.
 Looking at downs outstanding, as you know, we have issued in July two senior bonds with
 very positive conditions, and as you see, we have now a very well balanced long-term
 and financial structures with four bond lines between 26 and 20, 30.
 All in all, we remain definitively committed to our investment grade, which has been confirmed
 in July by Moody's.
 Back to you, Henri for the conclusion.
 Thank you.
 For the second half, clearly we will continue to leverage the good color for the momentum
 And, for example, the order which has been signed in Egypt
 should be booked during the second half.
 We need to continue to book AC order in order to make sure that we are
 ramping up progressively our profitability, and of course,
 we are going to finalize the vast majority of our new conversations with customers.
 In terms of innovation, we're going to ramp up the convergence of our portfolio.
 That's something which is one of our priority in terms of R&D for the next six months.
 Execution is one of several challenges in execution.
 of our pollution is one challenge, the stabilization of projects, a second challenge, and of course
 a new challenge which is coming from the supply chain tension and of course the inflation
 on our reflection.
 And on people, we continue to form one team, so we continue the integration, we make sure
 That's God.
 The objective is that the end of the year, so in March 2022, the most of the integration
 would be behind us in terms of people, in terms of, I would say, training and processes.
 In midterm, we are confirming again our capital market days or the long-term targets.
 We think we benefit from a very nice positioning on a good market,
 So we should continue to grow, we should even gain market share.
 This is our objective for the next three years.
 come back to a more normalized adjusted 8-bit level, which
 would be more in line with our standards.
 and come back to regular cash flow generation,
 which would be to be about 80% of the net income to free capital ratio.
 So, again, as a nutshell, we are – I mean, these are the first months, only eight months
 of integration, but this first eight months of integration
 have been completely in line with our plan, and we believe that we are now well-launched
 towards our midterm targets.
 So thank you for your attention.
 Now, I think we will open the floor for questions and answers.
 I will give back the floor to the operator to this exam.
 Thanks a lot.
 Thank you. If you would like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad and we kindly request one question only for participants.
 Again, it's star one to ask a question and we'll take our first question from Guillermo
 Pekno in UBS.
 Hi, good morning. Maybe I wanted to ask a question on a follow-up on, you know, gas
 slows and supply chain.
 I guess, you know, more focusing on provisions.
 your numbers in the first half are very similar to the ones that you published on the 31st of March.
 But I was wondering about the mix of the two billion provisions that you have excluding
 warranties. Is there any kind of scope change within that to be your figure? I
 a little bit more to Bombardier versus a little bit less to Alstom or it's just
 remaining, everything remains the same as per your 31st of March announcement.
 And then I'll ask the follow-up on supply chain later.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Guillermo.
 the floor to Laurent, but in a nutshell, there has been no particular change, I mean of course
 you have some balance with pluses and minuses, but globally, it was very much in line even
 project by project with what was published at the end of last week, so if you want to
 Absolutely.
 Good morning, Guillermo.
 Good morning Guillermo. So, yeah, we do confirm that the risk and contract on XBT portfolio
 You remain stable.
 You remind the 1.1 billion euro that we have been presenting to you and of March 21 this
 number is fully confirmed so there is absolutely no change whatsoever in terms of our assessment
 on the risks of BT Portfolio for our H1.
 Thank you.
 And on the longer, on the supply chain, maybe if I can ask, how is this impacting you,
 I guess in a project by project now as you take orders, it's longer leak times and you
 You could give us some particular examples on which parts are you seeing, you know, inflation
 that you are concerned about, which parts of the supply chain you're seeing, you know,
 and issues that you are concerned about.
 Yeah, I think it's two different stories, actually.
 In terms of other EVT of components, clearly where you have the most tension is on electronic
 boat.
 You have some tension as well on classical communities, such as SEAL,
 or aluminum, but where it's the most challenging is the electronic board.
 This is a small portion of our cost, and therefore, on this particular item, it's more the availability
 which is the problem rather than the infection itself,
 because these chips are a very, very small portion of our cost.
 In terms of inflation, it's more complex because it cascades through our entire supply chain.
 So, of course, in terms of pure commodity and in terms of, you know, steel, aluminum,
 and aluminum and so on. This represents relatively low-pore fun.
 Of course, as well, with the pure steel, aluminum, and so on,
 It's probably a five, five person, five to ten max,
 depending on the project of our course.
 However, you know, we have all our suppliers
 which are claiming some increase in prices and so forth.
 and so forth.
 So it's a general infection, including, by the way, salaries and so forth.
 So we need to tackle this new situation.
 In the past, we have already discussed some inflation period and we were not particularly
 It's by that because we are, as I said, the vast majority of our projects which are with
 indexation closes, so we are well protected on that. But what is more complex to handle
 is, of course, the volatility of this information
 and something which was not expected.
 So you have always periods that was mentioning, for example, when you are putting a standard
 between the tinder and the notice to proceed, usually you don't have this escalation closed
 So, we need to assess what would be the inclusion during this period.
 And that's it.
 And I'll see you in the next video.
 of implications are not easy to handle, and that's why we are paying a lot of attention
 to it. But if it's a stable inflation, I would say that's something that we can re-handle
 without any particular issue, we did it in the past without any problem.
 But it's more, again, the volatility of impression, which is more complex to handle.
 So it's difficult to summarize.
 It really depends on the kind of supplies which are concerned.
 We have, again, H1 has not been impacted at all.
 And we start to see some projects which may be impacted where we need to prioritize some
 projects for some of the communities, in particular for the electronic types.
 Thank you very much
 Thank you, and we'll take our next question from Gael Depree in Deutsche Bank and just
 As a reminder, please stick to one question per analyst.
 Thank you.
 Okay, good morning everybody.
 I'll try to stick to just one.
 Hopefully I might have a follow up as well.
 Let's see.
 Look, the question I have is on the cash usage
 of the provisions for risks on the BT legacy contracts
 you had in each one.
 How much was that?
 and within the guidance for positive freak cash flow,
 rated in H2, what kind of assumptions did you take for the cash usage of those same provisions?
 Thanks for watching my video.
 I hope you enjoyed it.
 I'll see you in my next one.
 Bye.
 Maybe I will leave it to Laurent for this question.
 So, the cash impact of the provision usage in H1 has been around 113 million euros.
 We are looking ahead at the same level of provision usage for the H2 roundabouts.
 All of this, again, is at the same level of provision usage for the H2 roundabouts.
 consistent with our trajectory, as we have outlined in the Capital Market Day, all of
 this back as Henri was explaining on the on the progress done on the project
 stabilization of the XBT portfolio that we are addressing one by one.
 Okay. Okay. Alright. I understood.
 And if I may, what could be the different steps
 new developments that would make you consider a capital increase.
 I think at that stage, again, we are totally in line with our trajectory.
 So, as I said, Moody's has confirmed the rating in July.
 We are, and this is, I think, what we have said, we are committed to investment rate,
 So we really want to keep this investment that situation because, as you know, that
 is extremely important for the business in which we are,
 long-term project on the 3G of our energy, the absolute key.
 So we have no plan today on a capital increase.
 And again, the only thing that we can say
 as we are committed to this investment-grade situation.
 So it's something which would endanger this situation, which
 would trigger some reaction on our side, which would be the plan to recover the situation,
 may or may not include capital increase, but today our trajectory and this is concerned
 Bye, Moody's.
 As long as we keep the trajectory, there is absolutely no need.
 Okay, thanks very much. I'll get back in the queue.
 Thank you.
 Next question is from Akash Gupta in JP Morgan.
 Yeah, hi. Good morning, Ori and Laura and thanks for your time. My question is on free cash flow particularly in the second half
 if you can elaborate on the building blocks and provide some more clarity in terms of if you
 if you have any more, I would say,
 any more information on how big the free cash flow positive could be because you're still
 guiding substantial pre-cash flow for the year that provides a wide range and I'm just
 wondering if you can be more specific in terms of how and how big the second
 Now if we catch look with P.
 Thank you.
 I will leave it to Laurent, but just reminding you that in our business, there is an element
 So the volatility of the free cash flow on the day-to-day, you have seen this half were
 better than what we anticipated. So we need to be cautious in the way we are projecting
 your head, but maybe you can give more insight on the building blocks.
 So, good morning Akash.
 So underlying this trend is acceleration of deliveries,
 of deliveries, which in turn is getting, I would say, positive flows in terms of progress
 payments, so that's the underlying business plan for H2.
 The second business trend is obviously the LEC order intake pipeline.
 we are seeing for the second half, and all of that,
 those production deliveries and ordering take will turn to a positive precast flow for H2
 that we do confirm.
 We have, as I say, some headwinds on the capex.
 We see some acceleration in terms of KPEX for the H2, but all of this is considered to
 this free cash flow positive for H2, and as Henri said, we don't provide a precise
 range due to the usual volatility we have.
 So wherever you space is like that, we are.
 minus 146 in H1.
 with do-confirm, free cash flow positive for etch-o.
 Then move to the next question.
 we'll move to the next question is from Daniela Kostin-Goldman-Saxx.
 Hi, good morning. I'll ask one question, and then maybe if I can also ask a follow-up on your comment just now after that.
 But to start with, I just wanted to confirm what's the size of exactly the problematic
 I believe it was $6 billion when you last commented and say you delivered $1.3 billion
 off.
 reforming contracts, so should we think about one minus the other, basically, or has this
 scope of problematic backlog change at all, and then I'll ask the follow-up.
 No, thank you.
 The backload is set to minute.
 More problematic projects remain the same, there has been no new surprise when we project
 new projects or things which we are not seeing. So we are really now well in control of the
 full portfolio.
 One thing which is technical support is to detail that one thing which has been done
 During the summer, which is extremely important, I say from July to September, is the actual,
 I would say allocation of all the projects in the different territories.
 So, before the capital market day, let's say, we were managing these projects globally
 at a global central level and we are assessing the risk at central level and to force narrow
 All the projects are managed by their own geographies, which, by the way, have embraced
 the situation of this project so it's now you cannot distinguish what was the
 the x-actome project, or the x-bombardier project,
 They're all manageable.
 as any projects locally, of course, with a huge support
 from the central teams, but still managed locally.
 And therefore, we now have a very, very good grasp on all these projects.
 So there's no new projects.
 In terms of backlog, there are some evolutions of the backlog.
 some of the projects did get some new options, which even though they were positive, had
 increase the number of the backlogs, actually, of this project, so maybe Laurent, you can
 give more insight.
 So, Daniel Hohling, we are indeed confirming the overall order of magnitude that we've been
 taking the belt with this option issue that Henri mentioned.
 What I want to add as well is the VC for the H2, the kind of the same amount, order
 of magnitude of H1 in terms of sales at 30.0%, so around 1.3 plus, I would say a small increase.
 And what I want to add as well is that we are confirming that this backlog at 0% to
 in margin will be delivered in the next two or three years, so the trajectories of, I
 I would say implementation and execution of this backlog is confirmed.
 And we shall move to our next question.
 from Alistair Leslie and associate general.
 I suppose there's a sort of follow-up on the H2 free cash flow expectations, I mean do
 You can expect that to be clearly positive given the better than expected performance
 I'm just trying to read for your comments, or does that read phase in that you mentioned
 between the semesters can reshape your view on H2 free cash flow as well and just on that
 maybe you could update us on sensitivity in each two
 period and from the level of down payment and customer cash settlements, do you have
 more visibility there now. Thank you.
 In a way, we are upgrading our guidance for the future, because we have done better than
 and expected on each one, and still work.
 maintaining your guidance for the H2.
 There are two main factors that we say one is, of course, the down payment, and two is
 the ramp up of our production and ability to get some cash from the customers due to
 the video or the project.
 Here where we could, I mean, the risk factor, of course, is the tension on the supply chain.
 we are cautious on what could be actually the level of caching might depend on some of the
 delays, which could be experienced because of the supply chain issue, but we are never
 less, to the confidence that we will mitigate this factor and that we will generate cash
 We'll join the signal as well.
 than other orange ones you're actually seeing.
 No, just because you mentioned it, Mr, we see as well how to see a flow of down payment
 in the second half, as we had in each one.
 I just want to confirm that there is no change of pattern whatsoever in terms of a down payment
 the customer standpoint. So this is something that we are looking at with confidence as
 as well in terms of H2, in terms of inflows.
 And to the next question, please.
 And the next question comes from Simon Donison in Geoffrey's.
 Yes, good morning, LV and Laurent.
 I've got one more question on cash flow but more for next year and I know you're not going
 to give guidance yet, more specifically, but looking at consensus expectations, they're
 certainly the view that free cash flow next year will be below what you're
 going to do in the second half of this year.
 So, giving you know pretty well what you're going to deliver over the next sort of 12 months.
 Can you talk a bit more as we move into the first half of next year than into the second
 half?
 expect positive free cash rule also in the first half,
 second half next year and do you think it's realistic that free cash flow for the full
 Year 22 should be above what you're going to do in the second half of this year and
 And I appreciate you not giving that guidance, but just giving the topic is so sensitive
 of a bit more color around it, I guess, would be very helpful.
 Like, good morning, Simon, so to be fair,
 It's a bit early days to answer these questions, so we'll come back to you for sure what I
 I can provide you with colors for next year in terms of again the business trends is
 definitively, uh,
 still a very positive market momentum, and you have seen that into the number of opportunities
 we have in our pipeline, so 400 opportunities above 100
 in Europe each in the next three years, so this is a clear sign of the market health.
 The second business trend for next year is to continue to ramp up in terms of rolling
 to stock and deliver with, but as well, positive,
 in terms of signaling system and services, which will fuel the growth for next year's.
 But that's what we can say at this stage in terms of cash,
 H1, H2 for next year, it's a bit early day to answer to you on this question.
 Overall, we do confirm cash positive on the midterm as indicated in our capital market
 day.
 and our next question is from Jonathan Monsney in Xambian Peeperevas.
 Jonathan Lonsley, your line is open. You may go ahead.
 Oh, hi, sorry. It was only you, apologies.
 So, just talking specifically about some of the problem contracts that I know we've talked
 about in the past.
 thinking SVB and Aventre in particular, I think the local
 Christ in Switzerland is talking about the trains that you've delivered to
 Bombardier winning better than before so reliability is improving but also that
 the motion of them, makes people feel ill.
 Where are we on that contract?
 Does that imply significant work needs to be done to resolve those issues or are we finally
 coming to the end on that project given that the trains are now running more
 reliably and on the UK's event trail to see you've got multiple contracts there with
 Bombardier to deliver. Where are we today on that, please?
 Thank you.
 So usually I really refrain from talking about particular projects because as we have more
 Thanks for watching.
 I'll see you on the next project.
 be a longer story, but on this one that you are highlighting
 and just a few comments.
 First, on HVV contract, as I said, these have improved tremendously.
 I think to give you order of magnitude over the last eight months, so since we have taken
 over the real VT has probably doubled in terms of our main indicators, which is the mice
 between different failures and incidents.
 So we have twice now the level of humidity.
 So this is a huge improvement.
 The production has been stabilized, so all the trends have been produced according to
 for the plan which has been set when we again took over the beginning of February and most
 of the trends are now delivered.
 And I think 62 out of the 62 trends
 have been delivered for HPV.
 We have still some technical issues to solve, and we have still some kind of issues to be
 So this is not the end of the story for us, but in terms of, this is one project for which
 We are moving now, as I said, not one silver bullet, so on this project, the manufacturing
 part is behind us for most of it. It's more some technical part and some discussion with
 with the customer, but this is going in the right direction and I expect most of it to
 be done before the end of the financial year where we are going to improve the
 that you have very, very, very close knowledge of what's happening.
 So we have also improved a lot the comfort and the impression that you were mentioning
 in terms of the BDNS, or I don't know how you can call it, but we have improved a lot
 of this situation, which is a particular testing situation
 of this trend.
 On the other hand, this is definitely a very different story.
 Uh, first we have...
 more projects with multiple operators, multiple owners.
 So we have not yet settled with all of them, but with a majority of them, basically, three-quarters
 And the production is now a long production.
 several years of protocol.
 We have concentrated during the first six months in retrofitting the trend because one
 So the issue, as you know, was that we had a lot of trends to be retrofitted, and we
 We were actually pining up 90% back strain, if I may say, so we are concentrated in that
 And we are presuming the production of new trains.
 I've been myself to Derby, I can tell you that.
 There have been immense progress in terms of quality, which have been outlined by the
 customers themselves and the number of demerits and so forth have dropped tremendously, so
 That's going in the right direction.
 said that on this one we have a few technical challenges but the main
 challenges here is on the wrap-up of the production.
 So you see, if you respect, I don't want to go into all the projects, but if you respect
 the fact that it's not one single issue, and that there is no, as well, no issues which
 I'm going to show you a little bit of what I'm going to show you.
 but it's just multiple issues which have to be tackled one by one.
 Next question is from Martin Wilke in society.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, thank you. Good morning, it's Martin from City.
 Just going back to raw material inflation components and so forth, you mentioned you have these
 these sort of index-facing claws and so forth that look like they've protected you from
 raw materials, but just to clarify, if there are component shortages that would cause,
 a train to be, you know, uncontrollable if there's a component that simply wasn't available.
 What does that work with the customer?
 And presumably you are able to pass through raw materials and so forth.
 if there are delays and we're hearing that in many, many industries that projects have
 been delayed because of human low value components simply not being available. Is that something
 protected against or is that potential risk if some of these global bottlenecks continue
 to next year. Thank you.
 Now that's a very, very good point and there are two consequences of that if some projects
 where to be delayed because of shortages.
 First of all, of course, that would be automatic.
 I mean, we will have a shortage in cash-in
 because we will not be in a position to deliver our train.
 That's clear.
 In terms of commercial negotiation and eventual penalties or discussions, this could be much
 more complex.
 That's, of course, this is a post-COVID impact, so we need to analyze that on a global COVID
 situation.
 But still, it would be a good idea to do that.
 Thank you.
 each with a trigger, a number of discussion at that same time.
 We have not said this issue so far, but it's clear that it's not as automatic as for the
 the price itself and we don't have the, we have escalation
 for the price and the cost.
 We have no such thing for the shortages of components.
 that would have to be discussed on a case-by-case basis.
 That's why we are, frankly, doing everything to you so that it does not happen.
 And the next question is from Vlad Circustin, Bank of America.
 Yes, good morning everyone, and thank you for taking my question, it will be on project
 and we'll consist of two parts.
 First of all, it looks like your provision is about 200 million euros for potentially
 problem projects during this period. And provisions exceeded what you used in terms of provisions.
 Does it mean that the risk of the backlog has increased during this period?
 And second part of this question would be on the big or relatively size of, I should say,
 It's about $650 million.
 Can you please explain what to draw with and how do you expect this line to develop going forward?
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you for your question.
 I'll leave it to you.
 Yes, so overall, as I say, no overall impact on the overall risk assessment on the XBT
 contracts provision, as I say, there is a specific point in the provision movement in
 Indeed, which is linked to Option, which has been booked, which is having a mechanical
 impact on the provision, but economically these provisions are accretive in terms of
 margin.
 So overall, very much 100% in line with what we say, end of march in terms of risk and
 contract assessment on the XBT portfolio.
 Thank you.
 the last question as we are coming to the end of the session.
 Thank you. It is from Katie's cell phone more constantly.
 Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. My line cut out briefly, so apologies if
 this has already been asked, but just trying to understand on the down payment situation
 for the remainder of the year.
 If you could just give a
 bit of an overview of the order pipeline for the second half, you know, there are a number
 of large contracts to come with related down payments that are sort of inherently baked
 into the guidance or you're looking more around a kind of stable level of mid and small size
 contracts. Thanks.
 Yeah, in the main, we still have a number of large contracts.
 We don't have gigantic contracts like multi-billion or three, four billion or something like
 that.
 But still...
 If you talk about the contract in Egypt, for example, it's close to 1 billion, so we have
 several of these during the second half, which is becoming recurring.
 And if now, again, if you're having close to 10 billion for the intake in six months,
 you need to have a number of relatively large contracts.
 And as we expect to have a healthy level of audience
 during the second half, which means that we expect some of these contracts to be also
 So it's a really good, relatively good, good time for that.
 not dissimilar from the other side, okay?
 Maybe we have the last question from James Moore.
 That's my, that's what I'm saying.
 James, yeah.
 Oh, just go ahead.
 Hi, can you hear me?
 Hello, Henri Laurent.
 Yes, we can.
 Great, thanks for taking the questions. I'm afraid I got cut off earlier, so I apologize if I'm repeating.
 I have three if I can can you say what percentage of customer settlement negotiations are now complete
 at the end of the half and can you give us a feeling
 for the outstanding phasing, secondly, of the 4.7 billion of bad backlog revenue.
 I'm just trying to think how much will be input in the second half versus 23 versus 24 and
 And finally, could you just re-explain the £199 million contract provision increase?
 I'm not sure I understood the answer and did it carry through the adjusted
 every line or not.
 I will leave it, the last one to Laurent, it's clear that it's an accounting and a
 a little bit of difficulty.
 to Laurent. On the first one, I would say that we have today the majority, so a little
 more than 50% of the commercial negotiations.
 And we expect to finalize them by one of marks.
 So during the first half, we did a little bit more than 50% which is already quite an achievement
 because we could not start day one, I mean, sometimes to start.
 but we still have a number of them to be discussed clearly.
 on the scene, we expect to ramp up the production and, therefore, back to what we were saying
 on other types, for example.
 expect the level of non-performing projects to be set up during the second half to actually
 be higher than during the third time.
 So we should, and then, it will be stable for the next year
 as compared to the second half.
 So we'll have a second half, which is like here,
 and the first half and then in a stable situation during the next year and then of course it
 Please, calm down.
 But maybe on the accounting part, I'll run.
 Yes.
 So good morning, James.
 So, in terms of economics, this 199 is reflecting options which are being booked on negative
 contract.
 Disruption are positive in terms of margin.
 However, accounting-wise, in ISRS 16, you have a catch-up in terms of the percentage
 of compassion of the contract and the mechanical provision increase.
 So it's a pure accounting issue, not at all an economic issue which is reflected into
 around 200 million euro of provision increase.
 We suggest, I know it's figuring some questions,
 We suggest that Martin takes this question and go with you with the accounting entries
 on that.
 Okay, thank you, Jeb. I think it's ending our session of this morning, so thank you
 Thank you all for your attention.
 happy to talk to you soon, and again, as a world of conclusive, I mean, as you have
 group is working extremely intensively, so there are a lot of actions going clear going
 gone, and I would say that with a lot of achievements, I'm
 And then there is a very nice momentum within the group, and I'm fully confident that we
 managed to stick to our trajectory going forward.
 Thanks a lot, and talk to you soon.
 All right.
 Thank you, this conference is now over.
 Thank you for your participation.