Good morning, everybody. Welcome to our California web conference call on our half-year results for our financial year ending 21-22. I will go through the classical agenda. We'll start with the highlights. We'll give you a short business update and then Laurent, with me today, will go through the financial results and I will come back for the conclusion. And of course, we'll have a Q&A session, so we'll try to be relatively quick in the presentation to allow time for the questions. So in a nutshell, these results, this first half, is entirely in line with what is close to you beginning of July during our Capital Market Day. And I just recall on this slide the few highlights of this Capital Market Day. The first one is that we are benefiting from a good market, as you know, triggered by stimulus packages in favor of sustainable mobility, notably. And we are benefiting from this market because we believe that we are extremely well positioned with our new portfolio and our new manufacturing, engineering, development footprint. So this is being confirmed in this first half. And as you will see, the prospects are also very positive. So we have a very large pipeline. We are recovering in terms of sales. Of course, we are recovering as compared to last year because of the COVID situation of last year. But we are also ramping up now the delivery of our project, in particular the non-performing project, the difficult projects. As you know, we have relaunched a number of production of a number of projects and this is being seen in the sales. In terms of integration, and I will come back on that, things are moving extremely fast internally. The whole organization is now in place. People are working in collaboration with one each other. And we are online with our synergy plan. As you know, we believe that this synergy plan is more backloaded because we need to concentrate and focus on projects at vision first. But still, in terms of cost, we are containing the cost. Adjusted EBITDA is in line, as I told you, during the Capital Market Day. There is no particular surprise on adjusted EBITDA. This is more or less in line with what was recorded last year on a pro forma basis. Finally, the free cash flow, which was of course a matter of attention. As I said, we had to invest quite significantly in working capital in order to relaunch the production, to restabilize our projects. And our free cash flow has been impacted as anticipated. The number is actually slightly better than what was anticipated. But we have a level of volatility in our free cash flow. So this is probably good news as compared to what we were expecting. But still, it's within the volatility range that we experience classically in our business. So in terms of business, I will go relatively fast, confirming the good market perspectives. So we have just illustrated a lot of opportunities worldwide. What is important to notice, and these are the small dots on the map, is we have opportunities everywhere in the world. And it happens that we are also ourselves everywhere in the world and very well established everywhere in the world. So wherever you have opportunities, you have actually strong, very strong Aztom capabilities to serve these opportunities. So we believe that we are on all these opportunities extremely well placed. And there is one very satisfying factor during the first half, is what we call our hit rate ratio internally, meaning that we have been able to transform a lot of opportunities into actual orders. And I think this is a proof of our strengths on the market. So coming back to the numbers themselves, 9.7 billion euros of order, again in line with our expectations, sound commercial activities in Europe and Americas. I said Europe is one of the most buoyant markets, triggered again by all the green packages in most countries. These orders have been taken with healthy margins. So we come back to that on the sales level, but we are back, I would say, to the virtuous circle of having higher margin in order intake, lower margin being credited, and therefore backlog, which is improving its margins. Overall, the backlog is now standing at 76.4 billion euros. If you look at the orders split by geography or by activities, first by geography, we need to be careful because this is mainly driven by large orders in one geography or another. So this cannot reflect a long-term trend. And by activity, as you can see, we have a very even split of orders intake, which is quite a little bit more than 50% of rolling stock, but a sound level of signaling of 1 billion and sound level of systems, notably with the order in Mexico. A few examples of orders, a few good orders to illustrate this period, to say that we have some in Europe, in France, we have some in Asia, like in Taipei, in Americas, like in Toronto, in Australia, in Melbourne, in Mexico with Cranberry, which I will come back to that, which is an example of synergies. In terms of sales, so progressive ramp-up, clearly last year we were impacted by the lockdown. We still continue and as expected to ramp up during the second half. So we expect a stronger second half than the first half. Order plan by product line, no particular comments. Rolling stock is still moving up. Service has recovered. Clearly the number of trains online on service is now back to a normal activity. Signaling is ramping up. And systems, as you know, systems have been impacted by the end of some projects in Middle East, in particular Dubai Metro, and by the way, which has been put on service and which is working extremely well to go to Dubai Expo, if you have the opportunity to go to the Dubai Expo. But now we are resuming our growth, and this is mainly on the back of orders in Egypt, and I'm talking here about the monorail. On Thailand as well, some monorails, and of course on Canada, this is the REM, which is a Montreal new line. So we are back to our growth pattern in systems. Project stabilization, I think this is one of the key priorities of the group. As I said, we need to clearly execute, stabilize our non-performing projects. We have traded a number of projects at zero margin. We are going to continue to trade a number of projects at zero margin during two to three years, as we have said in the Capital Market Day. This is again in line. No surprise there. It's difficult to summarize by one action. We have commercial actions, i.e. negotiations with customers in order to agree on discussions with customers in order to agree on new planning. We have manufacturing actions such as quality to ensure that all the sites reach the same level of performance in terms of operational performance, quality performance. But we have also technical actions as we have to solve a number of technical issues. So it's not like one silver bullet. It's a very, very large number of actions which are taken. But I can tell you that the group is working extremely intensively and very positively. And one by one, we are stabilizing the situation. A new feature which here is maybe the only thing which is differing from the Capital Market Day is the issue on the supply chain. So this is no news. Everybody talks about it. We have both shortages in terms of components and some inflation across the board. Today, we have not been impacted both because our lead time is longer than other industry but also because we have taken some mitigating measures. But still, this is a high level of attention within the company, of course. We are working day and night to make sure that we have access to any kind of components, any kind of commodities, and that we are mitigating any inflation. We are naturally edged on a vast majority of our portfolio because we benefit from indexation clauses. But again, there are always moments where we are not fully covered and we need to take particular attention to make sure that we are weathering this situation. So no impact on H1. We'll see how it develops during H2. I don't expect an impact on Q3, so on the next three months. Of course, if the situation was to go on for a long period, it will inevitably impact us one way or another. In terms of integration, and I think this is something which, frankly, is going faster than I would have thought. In terms of commercial activities, we made a survey vis-à-vis our customers. And as you can see, more than 96% of our customers give positive feedback on this integration. I mean, this is actually quite unusual with such a scale of integration that we have such a positive feedback from customers on the way this integration has been handled and the way their projects have been managed during this period. So that's extremely good. As I said, record hit rates, record high hit rates, mainly due to, I would say, the ability

a high net tax, mainly due to the ability, and this is something on product conversion, the ability to propose to the customers already new solutions, which are mixing bricks coming from the ex-Bombardier technological portfolio and bricks coming from the ex-Axtom technological portfolio. So this is the ability of the teams to work and collaborate with one each other. Of course, today we have not merged the platforms, so we are assembling different bricks from different portfolios, and we are working on having one common platform. This will take a little bit more of time, but we expect that for the coming two to three years. In terms of processes, even though I believe that the very first priority is culture and people, nevertheless process is extremely important as well. We have converged, as we said, 40% of the processes. We aim at converging 80% of the processes by end of March, just one year after the integration. Most of the major processes have now been converged, and of course all what is control has been done day one. But here we are talking more about engineering and quality and so forth type of processes. ISIT, we have integrated the basic ISIT, but of course, as you know, we have deployed within Axtom a very strong digital suite, full what we can call Industry 4.0 in all our sites. It took 10 years to develop it within Axtom. We really aim at deploying it in the new perimeter in the next two to three years. It's extremely important that we have the same tools. This is in line with having the same processes, and this is also our willingness to have the same quality worldwide. So we will deploy that very thoroughly in the next two to three years. Synergies, as I said, we are tracking all the synergies, keeping costs under control. But as I said, the first one is definitely the project stabilization. Last but not least, as I said, people, this is the first priority, but this is where I think the greatest satisfaction is coming from. There is a very strong integration of the teams, very strong collaboration. I have now, thanks to also to the end of the COVID, partially the end of the COVID and the opening of some borders, I had the opportunity to visit a number of our sites and I can tell you that all the teams are now combined teams and this is extremely satisfactory. Just a few examples of first wins, which are the results of the combination. And Maya is a very nice one, because of course it's a train which is mostly from an Axtom technology, not entirely. We use Bombardier bogies, but which will be manufactured inside Woon in a site which was an ex-Bombardier site, which will be, by the way, the first site where we will deploy the digital suite of Axtom. On the metro of Cairo, it's not a contract which is booked yet, I've seen it yesterday, and this is, we have not sold any metro in Cairo, nor Bombardier, nor Axtom, for the last 40 years. And I think the success of the monorail of the ex-Bombardier in Cairo has paved the way for a renewed, I would say, market penetration of Axtom in the city. Last but not least, it's a small equipment, but a very important equipment. We have decided to implement right away the latest Axtom controller on all Bombardier platforms. It happens that Axtom was more advanced in digital technology, and in particular in controllers, so we have taken that decision. So now all the trains that we are selling, whether they are Bombardier platforms or Axtom platforms, or legacy Bombardier, legacy Axtom, they will benefit from the latest controller developed very simply by Axtom. So on 9 million synergies, safe financing synergy has been achieved, of course, with bonding, procurement, good momentum on procurement processes. We discussed about it. R&D, we are converging, and industrial sites, we are now for each tender solution, we are benefiting from our global situation. A few words on innovation, that's extremely important. So first, smart, as you know, we need to have smart innovation. So we made a considerable progress in cybersecurity. I think that we have more than now 100 people fully dedicated to that. We do that internally for all our products, but also we are serving more and more our customers in cybersecurity, and our customers are, of course, extremely concerned by this situation. Signaling, we are continuing our progress on our new signaling systems, whether we talk about ATO for mainline, and we had the first contract for that, for example, or whether we are talking about our train-to-train new technology for CBTC for urban, where we have been awarded the line 18 on the Grand Paris in France. Green is definitely at the heart of our strategy. We should not forget that we need on all our trains to make some efforts, to make some improvements in terms of green technology, and we have unveiled the new, what we call Avellia Horizon, which is the new TGV in France with more seats, less energy consumption. Of course, energy per seat has been decreased dramatically, and also less maintenance cost. So this is what we do on all our platforms. Also, we are extremely well known for our green traction to replace GSLs, hydrogen. I mean, these last six months have been definitely six months which have seen hydrogen technology being promoted in Europe and beyond, and our hydrogen trains has been, I would say, shown everywhere in Europe, in most countries in Europe. But we are also, Bombardier is also very strong in battery-powered trains, so now we have really two technologies, the hydrogen technology and the battery technology. So that's something that will definitely be two solutions for the end of the diesel technology. We are fully committed to sustainability, to ESG in general. So I want to complete my short introduction by reminding that we have a number of projects, thanks to our foundation. We have a lot of actions in India, for example, and we have a number of socioeconomic analyses done on this matter, in particular, again, in India, where we are extremely active. You know that India is one of our main markets and main platforms. And we are fully committed to the CO2 emission reduction targets of the Paris Agreement. So we have been happy to be included in the CAC 40 ESG index last September. I think this is paying tribute to all our efforts in that direction, which is at the heart of our strategy. I will now leave the floor to Laurent for a few comments on the financial results. Thank you, Henri. Good morning, everyone. So let's start to review our profitability trajectory for our first half with all-in and adjusted EBIT standing at 335 million euros, i.e. 4.5% to sales. So as expected, our adjusted gross margin before PPA has been impacted by the relative effects of the traded 1.3 billion euros of sales of non-performing backlog. Below this adjusted gross margin, R&D stands at 220 million euros, very much in line with our trajectories announced in the CMDs and with the usual phasing between H1 and H2. Going further, our ratio of selling and administrative expense improved by 1.3% versus our Alstom negative structures. And last, our net interest in equity invested pickup, which includes, as you know, mainly our Chinese joint ventures, has a sustained performance up to 77 million euros. So going straight below adjusted EBIT, we recorded restructuring and rationalization costs for 47 million euros, which includes mainly expense related to the closure of Aptis eBus for around 33 million euros. Booked as well, integration and acquisition costs related to Bombardier Transportation for 32 million euros and the usual mechanical reversal to EBIT of our Chinese GVs. Below EBIT, financial costs at 20 million euros, tax stable at ETR 27% and contribution from net income to equity invested at 65 million euros. All in net profit at 172 million euros for our first half of fiscal year 21-22 and an impact in terms of PPA net of tax of minus 196 million euros. So moving to the cash, as anticipated, our free cash flow reached minus 1.46 billion euros in H1 21-22 in line with our capital market day early July with some positive phasing, as Henri was saying, between H1 and H2. As announced, our free cash flow has been impacted by non-recurring working capital consumption due to phasing, industrial ramp-ups, non-performing project stabilization. So this minus 1.7 billion euro working cap change has been chiefly driven by production ramp-up impacting hence our inventories, receivables, contract assets and as well normalization of payment terms with our suppliers. CapEx expense has been contained at 135 million euros with a favorable phasing in H1.

In terms of provision, we do confirm our assessment of March 21 related to the provision for risks on BT legacy contracts. So absolutely no change whatsoever on these subjects. Looking forward, we do confirm positive free cash flow for our H2 based on delivery acceleration and expected continuous LC order intake. So turning to the evolution of the main moving blocks of our balance sheet, as of September 21, our net debt increased by 1.6 billion euros as a function of our working capital build up. We recorded as well some limited adjustments related to the PPA updates, such as including a decrease of deferred tax assets linked to detailed allocation of all PPA adjustments, change of liabilities for L4S in application for IFRS 5 related to talent tree platform and last HSM adjustment on the intangibles following some positive evolution of our backlog assessment. All in, as you see, limited would really increase of around 130 million euros. So looking briefly at our evolution of our net debt standing at 2.5 billion euros as of September 21, key drivers being obviously the anticipated negative free cash flow. In terms of M&A, two comments. We closed in H1 acquisition of Flirtex, developing brake subsystems, and Aion in hydrogen power, developing hydrogen fuel cells, all of this acquisition definitively in our strategy of bolt-on focused M&A. Finally, payment of dividends stood at 45 million euros following option offered to shareholders to receive 2021 dividend in new shares. Finally, in terms of liquidity and financing, we retained, as you see on H1, a very sound liquidity and have implemented robust long-term financing structures with senior bonds. In addition to our 1.1 billion euros of cash at hand as of September 21, we have two unrolled RCF for 3.25 billion euros, so leading to a very strong 4.4 billion euros of available liquidity as of September 21. In parallel, we have issued as well 75 million euros of CPs under the new group commercial papers program of 2.5 billion euros with maturities before March 22. Looking at balance outstanding, as you know, we have issued in July two senior bonds with very positive conditions, and as you see, we have now a very well-balanced long-term financing structures with four bond lines between 26 and 2030. All in, we remain definitively committed to our investment grade, which has been confirmed in July by Moody's. Back to you, Aurélien, for the conclusion. Thank you, Laurent. So, in a nutshell, first, for the second half, clearly we will continue to leverage the good commercial momentum. And, for example, the order which has been signed in Egypt should be booked during the second half. We need to continue to book FCE orders in order to make sure that we are ramping up progressively our profitability. And, of course, commercially, we are going to finalize the vast majority of our new conversations with customers. In terms of innovation, we are going to ramp up the convergence of our portfolio. That's something which is one of our priorities in terms of R&D for the next six months. Execution is one. There are several challenges in execution. The ramp-up of our production is one challenge. The stabilization of projects is the second challenge. And, of course, the new challenge which is coming from the supply chain tension and, of course, the inflation on our supply chain. On people, we continue to form one team. So, we continue the integration. We make sure that, at the end, the objective at the end of the year, so in March 2022, most of the integration will be behind us in terms of people, in terms of, I would say, training and processes. With term, we are confirming again our capital market day, so the long-term targets. We think that we benefit from a very nice positioning on a good market. So, we should continue to grow. We should even gain market share. This is our objective for the next few years. Come back to a more normalized adjusted EBIT level, which will be more in line with our standards, and come back to regular cash flow generation, which will be to be above 80% of the net income to free cash flow ratio. Again, as a nutshell, I mean, these are the first months, only eight months of integration, but these first eight months of integration have been completely in line with our plan, and we believe that we are now well-aligned towards our midterm targets. So, thank you for your attention. Now, I think we will open the floor for questions and answers. I will give back the floor to the operators to this extent. Thanks a lot. Thank you. If you would like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad, and we kindly request one question only per participant. Again, it's star 1 to ask a question, and we'll take our first question from Guillermo Pigno in UBS. Hi, good morning. Maybe I wanted to ask a question on a follow-up on, you know, cash flows and supply chain. I guess, you know, more focusing on provisions. Your numbers in the first half are very similar to the ones that you published on the 31st of March, but I was wondering about the mix of the 2 billion provisions that you have excluding warranties. Is there any kind of scope change within that 2 billion figure, i.e. a little bit more to Bombardier versus a little bit less to Alstom, or is it just remaining, everything remains the same as per your 31st of March announcement? And then I'll ask the follow-up on supply chain later. Thank you. Thank you, Guillermo. Let me leave the floor to Laurent. But in a nutshell, there has been no particular change. I mean, of course, you have some balance with pluses and minuses, but globally, it was very much in line, even project by project, with what was published end of last October. Do you want to say more? Absolutely. Good morning, Guillermo. So, yeah, we do confirm that the risk on contract on XBT portfolio remains stable. You remind the 1.1 billion euros that we have been presenting to you end of March 21. This number is fully confirmed, so there is absolutely no change whatsoever in terms of our assessment on the risks of BT portfolio for our H1. Thank you. And on the longer on the supply chain, maybe if I can ask, how is this impacting you, I guess, in a project by project now as you take orders? Is it longer lead times? And if you could give us some particular examples on which parts are you seeing, you know, inflation that you are concerned about, which parts of the supply chain you're seeing, you know, supply chain issues that you are concerned about? Yeah. I think it's two different stories, actually. In terms of availability of components, clearly where you have the most tension is on electronic boards. You have some tension as well on classical commodities such as steel, particularly stainless steel, aluminum. But where it's most challenging is on electronic boards. This is a small portion of our cost, and therefore on this particular item, it's more the availability, which is the problem, rather than the inflation itself, because these chips are a very, very small portion of our cost. In terms of inflation, it's more complex because it cascades through our entire supply chain. So, of course, in terms of pure commodity and in terms of, you know, steel, aluminum and so on, this represents a relatively low portion of our cost as well. I mean, if you take the pure steel, aluminum and so on, it's probably 5%, 5% to 10% max, depending on the project, of our cost. However, you know, we have all our suppliers, which are claiming some increase in prices and so forth. So it's a general inflation, including, by the way, salaries and so forth. So we need to tackle this new situation. In the past, we have already risked some inflation period, and we were not particularly hit by that because we have, as I said, the vast majority of our projects, which are with indexation clauses. So we are well protected on that. But what is more complex to handle is, of course, the volatility of this inflation and something which was not expected. So you have always periods, as I was mentioning, for example, when you are putting a tender, between the tender and the notice to proceed, usually you don't have this escalation clause. So we need to assess what will be

and you notice to proceed, usually you don't have this explanation closer, so we need to assess what would be the inflation in this scenario. So erratic movements of inflation are not always easy to handle, and that's why we are paying a lot of attention to it. But if it's a stable inflation, I would say that's something that we can handle without any particular issue. We did it in the past without any problem. But it's more, again, the volatility of inflation, which is more complex to handle. So it's difficult to summarize. It really depends on the kind of supplies which are concerned. Again, H1 has not been impacted at all. We start to see some projects which may be impacted where we need to prioritize some projects for some of the community, in particular for electronic chips. Thank you very much. Thank you. And we'll take our next question from Gael Papre in Deutsche Bank. And just as a reminder, please stick to one question per analyst. Thank you. Okay, good morning, everybody. I'll try to stick to just one. Hopefully I might have a follow-up as well. Let's see. Look, the question I have is on the cash usage of the provisions for risks on the BT legacy contracts you had in H1. How much was that? And within the guidance for positive free cash flow reiterated in H2, what kind of assumptions did you take for the cash usage of those same provisions? Maybe I will leave it to Laurent for this question. Morning, Gael. So the cash impact of the provision usage in H1 has been around €130 million. We are talking, Gael, looking ahead, the same level of provision usage for the H2 around the belt. All of this, again, consistent with our trajectories that we have outlined in the Capital Market Day. And all of this backed, as Henri was explaining, on the progress done on the project stabilization of the XBT portfolio that we are addressing one by one. Okay, okay. All right. And if I may, what could be the different steps or new developments that would make you consider a capital increase? I think at that stage, again, we are totally in line with our trajectory. So as I said, Moody's has confirmed the rating in July. We are, and this is, I think, what we have said, we are committed to investment grade. So we really want to keep this investment grade situation because, as you know, that is extremely important for the business in which we are, long-term project and the solidity of our validity absolutely key. So we have no plan today on capital increase. And again, the only thing that we can say is that we are committed to this investment grade situation. So if something which would endanger this situation, which would trigger some reaction on our side, which would be a plan to recover the situation, which may or not include a capital increase. But today, our trajectory, and this is confirmed by Moody's point, as long as we keep the trajectory, there is absolutely no need. Okay. Thanks very much. I'll get back in the queue. Thank you. Next question is from Akash Gupta in JPMorgan. Yeah. Hi. Good morning, Uri and Laura, and thanks for your time. My question is on free cash flow, particularly in the second half, if you can elaborate on the building blocks and provide some more clarity in terms of if you have any more information on how big the free cash flow positive could be because you are still guiding substantial free cash flow for the year that provides a wide range. And I'm just wondering if you can be more specific in terms of how big the second half free cash flow could be. Thank you. I will leave it to Laurent. But just reminding you that, you know, business, there is an element of volatility of the free cash flow. And today, as you've seen, this half we are better than what we anticipated. So we need to be cautious in the way we are projecting ourselves. But Laurent, maybe you can give more insight on the building blocks. Yeah. So good morning, Akash. So the underlying business trend is acceleration of deliveries, which in turn is getting, I would say, positive flows in terms of progress payments. So that's the underlying business trend for H2. The second business trend is obviously the LEC order intake pipeline we are seeing for the second half. And all of that, both production deliveries and order intake, will turn to a positive free cash flow for H2 that we do confirm. We have, as I say, some headwinds on the CapEx. We see some acceleration in terms of CapEx for the H2. But all of this is considered to this free cash flow positive for H2. And as Henri said, we don't provide a precise range due to the usual volatility we have. However, despite the fact that we are minus 146 in H1, we do confirm free cash flow positive for H2. Move to the next question. We move to the next question is from Daniela Costa in Goldman Sachs. Hi, good morning. I'll ask one question and then maybe if I can also ask a follow-up on your comment just now after that. But to start with, I just wanted to confirm what's the size of exactly the problematic backlog in Bombardier now. I believe it was 6 billion when you last commented and you say you delivered 1.3 billion of non-performing contracts. So should we think about one minus the other, basically, or has the scope of problematic backlog changed at all? And then I'll ask the follow-up. Thank you. No, thank you. The backlog itself, I mean, the number of problematic projects has remained the same. There have been no new supply, new projects, new hidden projects or things which we have not seen. So we are really now well in control of the full portfolio. And one thing which has been done during the summer, which is extremely important, I say from July to the end of September, is the actual, I would say, allocation of all the projects in the different territories. So before the Capital Market Day, let's say, we were managing these projects globally at a central level and we were assessing the risks at central level and so forth. Now all the projects are managed by their own geographies, which, by the way, have embraced the situation of these projects. So it's now you cannot distinguish what was the ex-Axtom project, the ex-Bombardier project. They are all managed as any projects locally, of course, with a huge support from the central teams, but still managed locally. And therefore, we now have a very, very good grasp on all these projects. So there is no new project. In terms of backlog, there are some evolution of the backlog. Some of the projects did get some new options, which even though they were positive, had increased the number of the backlog fractionally of these projects. So maybe, Laurent, you can give more insights. Yes. So, Daniel, all in, we are indeed confirming the overall order of magnitude that we've been talking about with these option issues that Henri mentioned. What I want to add as well is we see for the H2 the kind of the same amount or magnitude of H1 in terms of sales traded at 0%, so around 1.3 plus, I would say, a small increase. And what I want to add as well is that we are confirming that this backlog at 0% trading margin will be delivered in the next two or three years. So the trajectory of, I would say, implementation and execution of this backlog is confirmed. And we shall move to our next question. It's from Alastair Leslie in Societe Generale. Yes, thank you. So follow-up on the H2 free cash flow expectations. I mean, you kind of expect it to be clearly positive given the better than expected performance in H1. I'll just try to read through your sort of comments. Does that rephase in that you mentioned between the semesters kind of reshape your view on H2 free cash flow as well? And just on that, maybe you could update us on the sensitivity in H2 period and from the level of down payments and customer cash settlements. Do you have more visibility there now? Thank you. Yes. In a way, we are upgrading our guidance for the full year because we have done better than expected on H1 and still we are maintaining our guidance for the H2. There are two main factors. I would say one is, of course, the down payments, and two is the ramp-up of our production and ability to get some cash from the customers due to the delivery of the projects. Here we could, I mean, the risk factor, of course, is the tension on the supply chain. That's why we are cautious on what could be actually the level of cash in. It may depend on some of delays which could be experienced.

The level of cash in might depend on some of the delays which could be experienced because of the supply chain issue. But we are nevertheless today confident that we will mitigate this factor and that we will generate cash flow during the second half. I don't know, Laurent, if you want to add to this. No, just because you mentioned it, Alistair, we see as well a healthy flow of down payments in the second half as we had in H1. I just want to confirm that there is no change of pattern whatsoever in terms of the down payments from the customer standpoint. So this is something that we are looking with confidence as well in terms of H2, in terms of inflows. Let's move to the next question, please. And the next question comes from Simon Dennison in Jefferies. Yes, good morning, Olivier and Laurent. Laurent, I've got one more question on cash flow, but more for next year, and I know you're not going to give guidance yet more specifically, but looking at consensus expectations, there's certainly the view that free cash flow next year will be below what you're going to do in the second half of this year. So it gives me an old pretty well what you're going to deliver over the next sort of 12 months. Can you talk a bit more as we move into the first half of next year, then into the second half? Do you expect positive free cash flow also in the first half and second half next year? And do you think it's realistic that free cash flow for the full year 22 should be above what you're going to do in the second half of this year? And I appreciate you're not giving that guidance, but just given the topic is so sensitive, a bit more color around it, I guess, would be very helpful. Good morning, Simon. So to be fair, it's a bit early days to answer to these questions. So we'll come back to you for sure. What I can provide you as colors for next year in terms of, again, the business trends is definitely still a very positive market momentum. And you have seen that into the number of opportunities we have in our pipeline. So 400 opportunities above 100 million each in the next three years. So this is a clear sign of the market health. The second business trend for next year is to continue to ramp up in terms of rolling to stock and deliveries, but as well positive trajectories in terms of signaling system and services, which will fuel the growth for next year. But that's what we can say at this stage in terms of cash, H1, H2 for next year. It's a bit early days to answer to you on this question. Overall, we do confirm cash positive on the midterm as indicated in our capital market day. And our next question is from Jonathan Monsney in Exan BNP Paribas. Jonathan Monsney, your line is on open. You may go ahead. Oh, hi, sorry. I was on mute, apologies. So just talking specifically about some of the problem contracts that I know we've talked about in the past. So I'm thinking SVB and Aventra in particular. I think the local press in Switzerland is talking about the trains that you've delivered for Bombardier running better than before. So reliability is improving, but also that the motion of them makes people feel ill. Where are we on that contract? Does that imply significant work needs to be done to resolve those issues or are we finally coming to the end on that project given that the trains are now running more reliably? And on the UK's Aventra, obviously, you've got multiple contracts there with Bombardier to deliver. Where are we today on that, please? Thank you. So first of all, usually I really refrain from talking about particular projects because as we have more than 300 projects, it would be a longer story. But on this one that you are highlighting, just a few comments. First, on HDV contracts, as you said, these have improved tremendously. I think to give you an order of magnitude, over the last eight months, so since we have taken over, the reliability has probably doubled in terms of our main indicators, which is the miles between different failures incidents. So we have twice now the level of reliability. So this is a huge improvement. The production has been stabilized, so all the trains have been produced according to the plan which has been set when we again took over at the beginning of February. And most of the trains are now delivered. I think 62 out of the 62 trains have been delivered for SBB. We have still some technical issues to solve and we have still also commercial issues to be discussed with SBB. So this is not the end of the story for us. But in terms of this is one project for which we are moving now. As I said, there is not one silver bullet. So on this project, the manufacturing part is behind us for most of it. It's more some technical part and some discussion with the customers. But this is going in definitely in the right direction. And I expect most of it to be done before the end of the financial year. We have also improved. I mean, actually, that you have very, very, very close knowledge about what's happening. So we have also improved a lot the comfort and the impression that you were mentioning in terms of the business or I don't know how you can call it, but we have improved a lot this situation, which is a particular, distinct situation of this train. On Aventra, this is definitely a very different story. First, we have more projects with multiple operators, multiple owners. So we have not yet settled with all of them, but with the majority of them, basically three quarters of them, to say it like that. And the production is now a long production. We have several years of production. We have concentrated during the first six months in retrofitting the trains because one of the issues, as you know, was that we had a lot of trains to be retrofitted. And we were actually piling up 90% of the next train, if I may say. So we have concentrated in that and we are resuming the production of new trains. I've been myself to Derby. I can tell you that there have been immense progress in terms of quality, which have been outlined by the customer themselves. And the number of demurrage and so forth have dropped tremendously. So that's going in the right direction. We said that on this one, we have a few technical challenges, but the main challenges here is on the wrap-up of the production. So you see, if you just trade, I don't want to go into all the projects, but if you just trade the fact that it's not one single issue and that there is no as well no issues which are unsolvable, but it's just multiple issues which have to be tackled one by one. Next question is from Martin Wilkie in Citi. Please go ahead. Thank you. Good morning. It's Martin from Citi. Just coming back to raw material inflation components and so forth, you mentioned that you have these sort of index facing clauses and so forth that look like they've protected you from raw materials. But just to clarify, if there are component shortages that would cause a train to be uncompletable if there's a component that's simply wasn't available, how does that work with the customer? I mean, clearly you are able to pass through raw materials and so forth, but if there are delays, and we're hearing that in many, many industries, that projects are being delayed because of seemingly low value components simply not being available. Is that something you're protected against or is that a potential risk if some of these global bottlenecks continue to next year? Thank you. No, that's a very good point and there are two consequences of that. If some projects were to be delayed because of shortages, first of all, of course, that would be automatic. I mean, we will have a shortage in cash in because we'll not be in a position to deliver our trains. That's clear. In terms of commercial negotiation and eventual penalties or discussions, this could be much more complex. That's, of course, this is a post-COVID impact, so we need to analyze that on a global COVID situation, but still it will trigger a number of discussions at that stage. So we have not faced this issue so far, but it's clear that it's not as automatic as for the price itself. We have escalation clauses for the price and the cost. We have no such thing for the shortages of components. So that will have to be discussed on a case-by-case basis. That's why we are, frankly, doing everything so that it does not happen. That's clear. And the next question is from Vlad Serkiewski in Bank of America. Yeah, good morning, everyone, and thank you for taking my question. It will be on project execution and will consist of two parts. First of all, it looks like you provisioned about 200 million euros for potentially problem projects during this period, and provisions exceeded what you used in terms of provisions. Does it mean that the risk of the backlog has increased during this period? And second part of this question would be on the big or relatively sizable, I should say, upward-moving contract asset.

The big Oreo, sorry, sizable, I should say, upward moving contract assets. So it's about 650 million. Can you please explain what drove it and how do you expect this line to develop going forward? Thank you very much. Thank you for your question. I leave it to you. Yes. So overall, as I say, no overall impact on the overall risk assessment on the XBT contracts provision. As I say, there is a specific point in the provision movement, indeed, which is linked to options which has been booked, which is having a mechanical impact on the provision. But economically, these provisions are accretive in terms of margin. So overall, very much 100% in line with what we say end of March in terms of risk on contracts assessment on the XBT portfolio. Thank you. Maybe one of the last questions as we are coming to the end of the session. Thank you. It is from Katie South in Morgan Stanley. Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. My line cut out briefly, so apologies if this has already been asked. But just trying to understand on the down payment situation for the remainder of the year, if you could just give us a bit of an overview of the order pipeline for the second half. Are there a number of large contracts to come with related down payments that are sort of inherently baked into the guidance? Or are you looking more around a kind of stable level of mid and small size contracts? Thanks. Yeah. In the main, we still have a number of large contracts. We don't have gigantic contracts like multibillion or three, four billion or something like that. But still, I mean, if you talk about the contract in Egypt, for example, it's close to one billion. So we have several of these during the second half, which is becoming recurring. I mean, now, again, if you for having close to 10 billion of order intake in six months, you need to have a number of relatively large contracts. And as we expect to have also a healthy level of order intake during the second half, that means that we expect some of these contracts with also relatively good down payments. So it's not dissimilar from the first half. OK, maybe we have the last question from James Moore. If my table is correct. James, go ahead. Hi, can you hear me? Hello, Henri. Yes, we can. Great. Thanks for taking the questions. I'm afraid I got cut off earlier, so I apologize if I'm repeating. I have three, if I can. Can you say what percentage of customer settlement negotiations are now complete at the end of the half? And can you give us a feeling for the outstanding phasing, secondly, of the 4.7 billion of bad backlog revenue? I'm just trying to think how much will be invoiced in the second half versus 23 versus 24. And finally, could you just re-explain the 199 million contract provision increase? I'm not sure I understood the answer. And did it carry through the adjusted EBIT line or not? Thank you. I will leave the last one to Laurent. It's clear that it's an accounting and a relatively complex one, so I'll leave it to Laurent. On the first one, I would say that we have today the majority, so a little bit more than 50% of the commercial negotiations. We expect to finalize them by the end of March, so during the first half, a little bit more than 50%, which is already quite an achievement because we could not start day one. I mean, it's some time to start, but we still have a number of them to be discussed clearly. On the second one, we expect to ramp up the production, and therefore, back to what I was saying on Avantra, for example, we expect the level of non-performing projects to be scheduled during the second half to actually be higher than during the first half. So we should, and then it will be stable probably next year as compared to this year, as compared to this second half. So we'll have a second half which is likely higher than the first half, and then a stable situation during the next year, and then, of course, it will run down. But maybe on the accounting part, Laurent. Yes. So good morning, James. So in terms of economics, this 199 is reflecting options which are being booked on negative contracts. These options are positive in terms of margin. However, accounting-wise, IFRS 16, you have a catch-up in terms of the percentage of completion of the contract, and hence a mechanical provision increase. So it's a pure accounting issue, not at all an economic issue, which is reflected in this around 200 million euros provision increase. So I would suggest, I know it's asking some questions, I would suggest that Martin takes this question and goes with you with the accounting entries on that. Okay, thank you, James. I think it's ending our session of this morning, so thank you a lot for your attention. Happy to talk to you soon. And again, as a word of conclusion, I mean, as you have seen, the group is working extremely intensively, so there are a lot of actions currently going on, and I would say that with a lot of achievements and a lot of successes, I think there is a very nice momentum within the group, and I'm fully confident that we'll manage to stick to our trajectory going forward. So thanks a lot, and talk to you soon. All right. Thank you. This conference is now over. Thank you for your participation. Thank you.

