 Good morning everybody, welcome to our
 how if I know the web
 comfcall
 on our Azure Results
 for our financial year and being
 21-22.
 I will go through the classical agenda.
 we'll start with the highlights
 give you a short business update
 And then Laurent, with me today, will go through the financial results and I will come back
 for the conclusion.
 and of course we'll have a Q&A session
 So we try to be relatively quick in the presentation to allow time for the questions.
 so in a nutshell
 these results
 this first heart is
 entirely in line
 with what disclosed to you
 at the beginning of July, during our Capital Market Day.
 and I just recall on this slide
 the few highlights
 of this Capital Market Day.
 the first one
 is that we are benefiting from a good market, as you know,
 triggered by stimulus packages in favor of sustainable mobility, notably, and we are
 benefit income
 this market because we believe that we are
 extremely well positioned with our new portfolio and our new manufacturing, engineering, development
 This is being confirmed.
 this is all
 And as you will see, the prospects are also very positive.
 So we have a very large pipeline.
 We are recovering in terms of sales.
 of course we are recovering
 as compared to last year because of the COVID situation of last year,
 but we are also
 ramping up now the delivery of our
 project
 in particular
 the non-performing project
 the difficult projects, as you know, we have relaunched a number of production of a number
 of the projects and this is being seen
 in the cells.
 In terms of integration, and we'll come back on that, things are moving extremely fast internally.
 the whole organization is now in place
 People are working in collaboration with one each other, and we are online with our synergy plan.
 As you know, we believe that this energy plan is more back-loaded
 because we need to concentrate and focus on projects at Vision first,
 but still, in terms of cost, we are containing the cost.
 Adios TDBT is in line
 As I told you, during the capital market there, there is no particular surprise on the adjusted
 the bits,
 this is a,
 more or less in line with what was recorded last year on a pro forma basis.
 Finally, the free cash flow, which was, of course, a matter of attention.
 as I said
 we are to invest
 quite significantly in working capital
 in order to allow
 the production
 to restabilize our project
 Africa flow has been
 impacted
 as anticipated.
 the number is actually
 slightly better than what was
 anticipated, but we have
 level of volatility
 in Africa flow, so this is probably good news
 compared to what we were expecting, but still it's within the volatility range that we experience
 That's pretty clean, I'll be there.
 So in terms of business, I will go relatively fast, confirming the good market perspective.
 so we have just
 illustrated a lot
 of opportunities worldwide
 what is important to notice
 and these are the small dots on the map.
 is we have opportunities everywhere in the world,
 and it happens that we are also ourselves everywhere in the world
 and very well established everywhere in the world.
 So wherever you have opportunities, you have actually strong, very strong ASTOM capabilities to serve these opportunities.
 So we believe that we are, on all these opportunities, extremely well placed.
 And there is one very satisfying factor during the first half, is what we call our heat-rate
 show internally, meaning that
 We have been able to transform a lot of opportunities into actual others, and I think this is a proof of our strength on the market.
 So coming back to the numbers themselves, 9.7 billion euros of order, again, in line with our expectations,
 sound commercial activities
 in Europe and America
 as I said Europe is
 one of the most
 a brilliant market
 triggered again by
 all the green packages
 in most countries
 These orders have been taken with hefty margin, so we'll come back to that on the sales level,
 but we are back, I would say, to the virtuous circle of having a higher margin in order intake,
 lower margin
 being
 Traded and therefore
 a backlog which is improving
 its margin.
 Overall, the backlog is now standing at 76.4 billion euros.
 If you look at the
 or they are split
 by geography or by activities.
 First, by geography, we need to be careful because this is mainly driven by large orders
 in one geography or another, so this cannot reflect a long-term trend.
 and by activity as you can see
 we have a very
 even a split
 of order in tech
 with a little bit more than 50% of rolling stock,
 but a sound level of signaling of one vision
 and sound level of systems, notably with the order in Mexico.
 A few examples of orders, a few good orders to illustrate this period, to say that we
 We have some in Europe, in France,
 was in Asia, like in Taipei, in America, like in Toronto, in Australia, in Melbourne, in
 Mexico with Canaya
 we come back to that
 which is an example of a senior system.
 And I have to say that.
 so progressive
 Hattab
 Clearly, last year, we were impacted by the lockdown.
 we still continue
 and as expected
 to hop up during the second half
 so we expect a stronger second half than the first half.
 Product line, but product line, no particular comments.
 holding stock
 and style moving up
 service has recovered
 you need a number of
 trains online
 own service is now back to a normal
 activity, signaling
 is ramping up
 and system
 as you know
 the system
 has been
 is heavily impacted by the end of some projects in New Delhi,
 in particular Dubai Metro, by the way, which has been put on service
 and which is working extremely well to go to Dubai Expo
 if you have the opportunity to go to the Dubai Expo.
 but
 now
 we are resuming our roles
 And this is mainly on the back of others in Egypt.
 I'm talking here about the monorail on Thailand as well,
 and some monorails, and of course in Canada,
 This is the REM, which is the Montreal New Line.
 And so we are back to our growth pattern in system.
 project stabilization
 I think this is one of the key priorities of the group.
 As I said, we need to clearly execute, stabilize our non-performing projects.
 We have created a number of projects at zero margin.
 we are going to continue
 to thread a number of projects
 at zero margin
 during
 two to three years
 as we have said
 during the capital market there
 This is again in line.
 There's no surprise there.
 It's difficult to summarize by one action.
 we have commercial actions
 IE negotiations with
 customer in order to
 agree on discussions with
 customer in order to agree on new
 planning, we have
 manufacturing actions such as quality
 to ensure that all the sites reach the same level of performance
 in terms of operation performance, quality performance,
 But we have also technical actions, as we have to solve a number of technical issues.
 so it's not like one silver bullet
 It's a very, very large number of actions which are different,
 but I can tell you that the group
 is working extremely intensively
 and very positively
 and one by one
 we are stabilizing the situation.
 A new feature, which here is maybe the only thing which is differing from the capital market there,
 is the issue on the supply chain.
 So this is no news.
 everybody talks about it
 We have both
 shortages in terms of components and
 some inflation across the board
 today we have not
 been impacted
 I love you.
 longer than other industries, but also because we have taken some mitigating factors,
 Measures, right?
 set measures, but
 Still, this is a high level of attention within the company, of course.
 We are working day and night to make sure that we have access to any kind of components,
 any kind of commodities, and that we are mitigating any inflation.
 we are naturally
 edged on the vast majority
 of our portfolio
 because we benefit from indexation
 closes, but
 again
 there are always
 moments where we are not fully covered
 and we need to take particular attention to make sure that we are weathering this situation.
 so no
 impact on H1
 we see how it develops
 doing H2
 I don't expect
 impact on Q3
 so in the next three months of course
 if the situation was to
 go on for a long
 period.
 would inevitably impact us one day or another.
 In terms of
 integration, and I think this is
 a
 question
 something which, frankly, is going faster than I would have thought in terms of commercial
 activities
 We made surveys
 vis-à-vis our customers, and as you can see, more than 96% of our customers
 give positive feedbacks on disintegration.
 I mean, this is frankly quite unusual with such a scale of integration
 that we have such a positive feedback from the customers
 on the way this integration has been
 and the way the projects have been managed during this period.
 So that's extremely good.
 as I said, he called
 hit head, we got a high hit head
 mainly due to, I would say, the ability, and this is something on product conversion,
 the ability to propose to the customers already new solutions
 which are
 meeting
 bricks coming
 from the ex-Bombardier
 technological portfolio and
 Greeks coming from the ex-Astom technological portfolio.
 so this is
 the ability of the teams
 to work and collaborate with one each other.
 Of course, today we have not merged the platform, so we are assembling different bricks from different portfolios and we are working on having one common platform.
 This will take a little bit of time, but we expect that for the coming two to three years.
 In terms of processes,
 even though I believe that
 The very first priority is culture and people.
 never let progress
 is extremely important as well.
 we have
 converged, as we said, 40%
 of the processors, we aim at
 converting 80% of the processes by the end of March,
 So just one year after the integration, most of the major processes have now been converted.
 and of course all what is controlled
 has been done day one
 But here we are talking more about engineering and quality and so forth type of processes.
 ISIT, we have integrated the basic ISIT, but of course, as you know, we have deployed within ASTOM a very strong digital suite, full, what we can call industry 4.0 in all our sites.
 it took 10 years
 to develop it
 within ASTOM, we really
 aim at
 deploying it in the new
 perimeter in the next two to three years.
 It's important that we have the same tools.
 this is in line with having the same
 processors and this is also
 our willingness to have the same quality
 worldwide, so we will
 deploy that very thoroughly
 in the next two to three years.
 Synergies, as I said, we are tracking all the synergies, keeping costs under control,
 But as I said, the first one is definitely the project, the point of stabilization.
 last but not least
 people, this is the first
 of priority, but this is
 where I think the greatest satisfaction is coming from.
 there is a very strong
 integration of the teams
 very strong collaboration
 I have no
 thanks to
 also to
 in the end of the COVID, particularly
 the end of the commune and the opening of some borders
 I have the opportunity to visit a number of our sites
 and I can tell you that all the teams are now combined teams,
 and this is extremely satisfactory.
 way. Just a few examples
 of
 uh,
 which are the results
 of the
 combination
 and Maya
 is a very nice one
 because, of course, it's a train which is mostly from,
 That's some technology, not entirely.
 We use Bombardier Bogie, but which will be manufactured in Saragoun,
 in a site which was an ex-bombardier site,
 which would be, by the way,
 the first site where we would deploy the digital suite of Exascope.
 On the metro of Cairo, it's not a contract which is booked yet.
 I've said it yesterday
 and this is
 we have not
 sold any
 Metro in Cairo,
 North Bombardier, North Alston, for the last 40 years,
 I think the success of the monorail
 of the ex-bombardian
 have paved a way for a renewed, I would say, market penetration of atom in this city.
 Last but not least, it's a small equipment, but a very important equipment.
 we have decided
 to implement right away
 the latest
 platform controller on all
 on the platform,
 is a friend that are somewhat more advanced
 in digital technology
 a particular
 So we have taken that decision.
 So now, all the trends that we're seeing, whether they are
 Bombardier platform or ASTOM platforms,
 or Legacy Bombardier, Legacy ASTOM,
 They will benefit from the latest controller developed very recently by Alfa.
 400 million synergies, the financing synergy has been achieved, of course,
 So what is bonding, procurement, good, I would say good momentum on procurement, processes
 We discussed about it.
 R&D we are converging
 and industrial sites.
 We are now, for each standard, each solution, we are benefiting from our global situation.
 Two words on innovation, that's extremely important.
 So first, smart.
 As you know, we need to have smart innovation.
 So we made a considerable progress in cybersecurity.
 I think that we have more than 100 people fully dedicated to that, we are doing that
 internally for all our products, but also we are serving more and more our customers
 in cyber security
 and our customers are, of course, extremely concerned by this situation.
 signaling
 we are continuing
 our progress
 on our new signaling systems
 whether we talk about 8U for
 main line, and we're the
 first contract, for that, for example,
 or whether we are talking about
 or train-to-train new technology for CBTC, for Urban,
 where we have been awarded the Line 18 on the Grand Paris in France.
 in France.
 Green is definitively at the heart of our strategy.
 And we should not forget that we need on all our trains to make some efforts,
 to make some improvement
 in terms of green technology
 and we have unveiled
 the new
 what we call it
 Avelia Horizon, which is a new TGV in France, with more seats, less energy consumption.
 So, of course, energy per seat has been decreased dramatically, and also less maintenance costs.
 So this is what we do on all our platforms.
 Also, we are extremely well known for our green traction to replace geasels, hydrogen,
 I mean, these last six months have been definitively six months
 which have seen hydrogen technology being promoted in Europe and beyond.
 and our
 hydrogen trend
 has been
 I would say
 It's shown everywhere in Europe, in most countries in Europe.
 But we are also, Bombardier was also very strong in battery power train.
 So now we have really the two technologies, the hydrogen technology and the battery technology.
 So that's something that will definitively be two solutions for the end of the DSR technology.
 We are fully committed to sustainability, to ESG in general.
 So I'm just, I want to complete my short introduction by reminding that we have a number of projects thanks to our foundation.
 we have a lot of
 in India, for example,
 and we had a number of
 a socio-economic analysis
 done on this
 on this matter
 and back again in India where we actually
 that gives you another thing.
 is one of our men
 main market
 and the main platform
 and we are
 fully committed to the CO2
 emission reduction targets
 of the Paris Agreement.
 And so we have been happy to be included in the CAC 40 ESG index last September.
 I think this is paying tribute to all our efforts in that direction, which is at the
 half of our strategy.
 I will now leave the floor to Laurent for a few comments on the financial results.
 Thank you, Henri. Good morning, everyone.
 so start to review
 to have profitability, trajectory,
 for our first half with
 all-in
 an adjusted EBIT standing at 300
 and 35 million euros
 IE 4.5
 So as expected, our adjusted gross margin
 before PPA has been impacted by the dilutive effects
 of the traded 1.3 billion euros of sales of non-performing backlog.
 below this
 at just the gross margin.
 around distance
 at 220 million euros
 very much in line with our trajectories
 announced in the CMDs and
 the usual phasing
 between H1 and H2.
 Going further, our ratio of selling and administrative expense improved by 1.3% versus our Alstom-negative structures.
 and last our 19th
 that inequity invasive pick-up,
 which includes, as you know, mainly our Chinese joint ventures at a sustained performance up to 77 million euros.
 So, going straight below adjusted a bit, we recorded the restructuring and rationalization
 cost for 47 million
 which includes mainly expenses related to the closure of Aptis, E-Bus,
 for around 33 million euros.
 Booked as well integration and acquisition costs related to Bombardier Transportation for 32 million euros
 and the usual mechanical reversal to a bit of our Chinese GVs.
 Below EBIT, financial cost at 20 million euros, tax stable at ETR 27%, and contribution from net income to equity invested at 65 million euros.
 Odin, Net Profit,
 at 172 million euros
 for our first half of fiscal year 2021-2022
 and an impact in terms of PPA net of tax of minus 196 million euros.
 So, moving to the cash,
 as
 anticipated our
 free cash flow reach
 Minus 1.46 billion euro in H1 21-22, in line with our capital market day early July, with some positive phasing, as Henri was stating, between H1 and H2.
 As announced, our free cash flow has been impacted by non-recurring working capital
 consumption due to phasing
 industrial ramp-up non-performing project
 stabilization.
 So this minus 1.7 billion euro working cap change has been chiefly driven by production
 the ramp-up, impacting
 and savoir-inventure-vise
 receive those contract assets
 and as well
 normalization of
 payment terms with
 our suppliers.
 CAPEX
 Expense has been contained at 135 million euros with a favorable phasing in H1.
 In terms of provision, we do confirm our assessment of March 21
 related to the provision for risk
 on BT legacy contracts, so absolutely no change whatsoever on these subjects.
 Looking forward, we do confirm
 positive
 Fricasco
 for our H2
 based on deliveries
 acceleration and expected
 continues
 LC order intake.
 So turning to the evolution of the main moving blocks of our balance sheet,
 as of September 21.
 Our net debt increased by 1.6 billion euros as a function of our working capital build-up.
 We recorded as well some limited adjustments related to the PPA update, such as including
 the PPA update.
 of deferred tax assets linked to detailed allocation of all PPI adjustments, change
 of liabilities
 is for L4C,
 an application for IFRS 5
 related to talent tree platform
 and last
 some adjustment
 on the intangibles
 following some positive evolution of our backlog assessment.
 All in, as you see, a limited goodwill increase of around 130 million euros.
 So looking briefly at our evolution of our net debt, standing at 2.5 billion euros as of September 21,
 key drivers being obviously
 the
 anticipated negative
 free cash flow. In terms of M&A,
 two commands, so we close in H1
 Acquisition of Flertex
 developing breaks up
 systems, and
 et Lyon,
 il a rejoint
 power, developing hydrogen fuel cells, all of this acquisition definitively in our strategy
 of bolt-on
 focused M&A.
 Finally, payment of dividend
 so that 45 million euros following option offer to shareholders to receive 2021 dividend in new shares.
 Finally, in terms of liquidity and financing, we retain, as you see on H1, very sound liquidities
 and have implemented robust long-term financing structures with senior bonds.
 In addition to our 1.1 billion euros of cash at hand,
 At September 21, we have two undrawn RCF for 3.25 billion euros, so leading to a very strong 4.4 billion euros of available liquidities as of September 21.
 In parallel, we have issued as well 750 million euros of CPs under the new group Commercial
 papers, a program of 2.5 billion euros with maturities before March 22.
 Looking at bounds outstanding, as you know, we have issued in July two senior bonds with very positive conditions.
 And as you see, we have now a very well-balanced long-term financing structures with four bond lines between 26 and 2030.
 All in, we remain
 definitely committed to our investment grade
 which has been confirmed in July by Moody's.
 Back to you.
 for the
 conclusion.
 Thank you.
 So, in a nutshell,
 First, for the second half, clearly we will continue to leverage the good colorful momentum.
 and, for example, the order which has been signed in Egypt
 should be booked
 during the second half,
 We need to continue to book AC order in order to make sure that we are ramping up progressively our profitability.
 And of course,
 commercially we are going to finalize
 the life
 majority of our
 new conversations with
 with customers
 In terms of innovation, we're going to ramp up the convergence of our portfolio.
 that's something which is
 a
 one of our priorities in terms of R&D
 for the next six months.
 Execution, it's one.
 Several Salingers in Execution
 The hop-up of our production is one challenge.
 the stabilization of projects
 the second challenge
 and of course a new challenge which is coming from the supply chain tension
 And, of course, the inflation on our supply chain.
 on people
 will continue to form
 one team, so we continue
 the integration
 we could make sure
 da Cardiana,
 the objective that the end of the earth
 So in March 2022, most of the integration would be behind us in terms of people, in
 in terms of, I would say, training and processes.
 Mid-term, we are confirming, again, our capital market day, so the long-term targets.
 We think we benefit from a very nice positioning on a good market, so we should continue to grow.
 We should even gain market share.
 This is our objective for the next few years.
 come back to a more normalized
 just to limit
 level, which
 would be more in line with
 our standards and
 come back to
 regular cash flow generation
 which we believe to be
 above 80%
 of the net income
 to free cash flow ratio.
 So, again,
 as an
 other child
 we have
 I mean,
 there's
 These are the first months, only eight months of integration, but these first eight months
 of integration have been completely
 in line with our plan
 and we believe that
 we are now
 well launched towards our mid-term targets.
 So thank you for your attention.
 now I think we will open the floor
 for questions and answers
 I will give back the floor to the operator to this exam.
 Thanks a lot.
 Thank you. If you would like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad, and we kindly request one question only per participant.
 Again, it's star 1 to ask a question.
 And we'll take our first question from Guillermo Pigno in UBS.
 Hi, good morning.
 Maybe I wanted to ask a question and a follow-up on, you know, cash flows and supply chain.
 And I guess, you know,
 more confusing
 on provisions you your numbers in the first half are very similar to the ones
 that you publish
 on the third
 first of March, but I was wondering
 about the mix
 of the 2 billion provisions
 that you have excluding warranties
 is there any kind of scope change
 within that 2 billion figure
 i.e. a little bit more to Bombardier versus a little bit less to Alscom,
 or is just remaining, everything, you know, remains the same
 as per your 31st of March announcement.
 and then I'll ask
 to follow up on
 on supply chain later.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Guillermo.
 but leave the floor to Laurent
 but in a nutshell
 there have been no particular change
 of course you have some balance
 with pluses and minuses,
 But globally, it was very much in line, even project by project with what was published
 kind of last
 Doran Yvon Toussémane.
 absolutely good morning
 Guillermo. So, yeah, we do confirm
 that the risk on contract
 on the XBG portfolio remains stable.
 you remind the 1.1 billion euro
 that we have been presenting to you
 end of March 21.
 This number is fully confirmed, so there is absolutely no change whatsoever in terms of our assessment on the risks of BT portfolio for our H1.
 thank you and on the longer
 on the supply chain
 maybe if I can ask how is this impacting you I guess in a project by project now
 as you say borders is it longer lead times and if you could give us some
 particular examples on which parts are you seeing, you know, inflation that you are concerned about,
 on which parts of the supply chain you're seeing, you know,
 supply chain issues that you are concerned about.
 Yeah, I think it's two different stories, actually.
 in terms of
 the validity of components
 Clearly, where you have the most tension is on electronic boards.
 you have some tension as well
 classical communities
 such as
 feel
 for the list
 and
 or aluminum, but where it's most challenging is
 on the electronic board.
 This is a small portion of our cost, and therefore, on this particular item, it's more
 availability, which is the
 problem rather than the inflation itself, because these chips are a very, very small
 of August.
 In terms of
 inflation
 it's more
 it's more complex
 because it
 Cascades
 who the
 our entire supply chain.
 So, of course, in terms of pure commodity and in terms of, you know, steel, aluminum, and so forth,
 This represents relatively low porphoon of our cost of oil,
 I mean, if you take the pure steel, aluminium, and so on,
 is probably five, five percent, five to ten max, depending on the project, of our costs.
 However, you know, we have all our suppliers which are claiming some increase in prices and so forth.
 So it's a general inflation, including, by the way, salaries and so forth.
 so we need to tackle this new situation.
 in the past
 we have already
 through some inflation period
 and we are not
 particularly
 It's by that because we are, as I said, the vast majority of our projects, which are with indexation closers.
 So we are well protected on that.
 But what is more complex to handle is, of course, the volatility of this inflation and something which was not expected.
 So you have always periods, as I was mentioning, for example, when you are putting a tender between the tender and the notice to proceed,
 usually you don't have this escalation closure, so we need to assess what would be the inflation during this period.
 to erratic movement
 So these patients are not always easy to handle, and that's why we are paying a lot of attention
 attention to it
 But if it's a stable inflation, I would say that's something that we can really handle
 without any particular issue.
 we did it in the past
 without any problem.
 but it's more again
 the volatility of inflation, which is more complex to handle.
 So it's difficult to summarize.
 it really depends
 on the kind of
 supplies which are
 concern
 we have
 Again, H1 has not been impacted at all.
 we start to see
 some projects
 which may be impacted
 where we need to prioritize some projects
 for some of communities in particular
 for electronic chips.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 And we'll take our next question from Gael Desprez in Deutsche Bank.
 and just as a reminder
 Please stick to one question per analyst.
 Thank you.
 Okay, good morning, everybody.
 I'd like to stick to just one
 hopefully I might
 have a follow up as well
 Let's see.
 Look, the question I have is on the cash usage of the provisions for risks on the BT legacy contracts you had in H1.
 how much was that
 And within the guidance for positive free cash flow reiterated in H2, what kind of assumptions did you take for the cash usage of those same provisions?
 maybe I will
 I will leave it to
 to Laurent, do you have any questions?
 Morning, guys.
 So, the cash impact of the provision usage in H1 has been around 130 million euros.
 We are talking, a guy looking ahead on the same level of provision usage for the H2 around the belt.
 All of this, again, consistent with our trajectories that we have outlined in the Capital Market Day,
 and all of this
 backed as
 Henri was explaining on the progress done on the project stabilization of the XBT portfolio
 that we are
 advising one by one.
 okay okay all right i understood and if i may what could be the different steps or new developments
 that would make you consider a capital increase.
 I think at that stage, again, we are totally in line with our trajectory.
 so as I said
 Moody's has confirmed
 the
 our rating
 in July
 we are
 and this is I think what we have said
 were committed to investment
 trade, so we
 really want to keep this
 investment side situation
 because, as you know, that is extremely important for the business in which we are,
 long-term project
 and the solidity of our energy is absolutely key.
 So we have no plan today on a capital increase.
 And again, the only thing that we can say is that we are committed to this investment-grade situation.
 So it's something which would endanger this situation, which would trigger some reaction on our side,
 which would be
 a plan to recover the situation
 which may or not include capital increase,
 But today, our trajectory, and this is confirmed by Moody's point,
 it's a very long perspective
 the trajectory
 there is absolutely
 InnoDeed.
 Okay.
 Thanks very much.
 I'll get back in a queue.
 Thank you.
 Next question is from Akash Gupta and JP Morgan.
 Yeah, hi, good morning, Ori and Laura, and thanks for your time.
 My question is on free cash flow, particularly in the second half,
 if you can elaborate on the building blocks and provide some more clarity in terms of
 any more information on how big
 the free cash flow positive could be
 because you're still guiding substantial pre-cash flow for the year
 that provides a wide range and I'm just wondering if you can be more specific in
 terms of how big the secondary cash flow could be. Thank you.
 I think I will leave it
 too long, but just reminding you that
 in our business
 there is an element of for activity
 of the fricasseau
 on the day to day you can have seen
 this half
 were better
 than what we anticipated.
 so we need to be cautious in the way
 we are projecting ourselves
 but maybe you can give more insight
 on the building blocks.
 Yep.
 so good morning Akash
 so
 So the underlying business trend is acceleration of deliveries,
 which in turn
 is getting, I would say,
 positive flows in terms
 of progress payments
 So that's the underlying business trend for H2.
 The second business trend is obviously the LC order intake pipeline we are seeing for the second half.
 and all of that
 both production, deliverables
 and order intake
 will turn to a positive
 free cash flow for H2 that we do
 confirm, we have
 as I say
 some headwinds on the
 CAPEX, we see some acceleration in terms of CAPEX for the H2, but all of this is considered
 to this free cash flow positive for H2.
 And as Henri said, we don't provide a precise range due to the usual volatility we have.
 a waiver despite the fact that
 we are at minus 146 in H1, we do confirm free cash repositive for H2.
 Then move to the next question.
 I will move to the next question is from Daniela Costin-Golman Sachs.
 Hi, good morning.
 I'll ask one question and then maybe
 If I can also ask a follow-up on your comment just now after that.
 But to start with, I just wanted to confirm what's the size of exactly the problematic backlog in Bombardier now.
 I believe it was $6 billion when you last commented,
 And you say you deliver $1.3 billion of non-performing contracts.
 So should we think about one minus the other, basically, or has the scope of problematic backlog changed at all?
 and then I'll ask the follow-up.
 No, thank you.
 the backlog
 de n'importe
 problematic project
 I'll be
 in the same
 There have been no new surprise, no new projects, no hidden projects or things which we have not seen.
 so we already know
 well in control of the full portfolio
 I think we choose
 Thank you, sir.
 to detect that.
 which has been done
 during the summer, which is extremely important,
 I'd say from July to September,
 is the actual, I would say, allocation of all the projects in the different territories.
 So before the capital market day, let's say, we were managing these projects globally at a central level, and we were assessing the risk at a central level and so forth.
 Now, all the projects are managed by their own geographies,
 which by the way
 have embraced
 the situation of this
 of these projects
 so it's now
 you cannot distinguish
 what was the
 ex-actum project,
 to the ex-Bombardier project,
 for all the manets
 I
 as any projects
 locally, of course, with a huge support from the central teams, but still managed locally.
 and therefore we now have a very
 very good grasp on all
 this project
 So there are no new projects.
 in terms of backlog
 There are some evolution of the backlog. Some of the projects did get some new options, which, even though they were positive, had increased the number of the backlogs freshly of these projects.
 So maybe, Laurent, you can give more insight.
 Yes.
 So, Daniel Olin, we are indeed confirming the overall order of magnitude
 that we've been talking about with this option issue that Henri mentioned.
 what I want to add as well
 is the VC for
 the edge to the
 kind of the same amount
 order of magnitude of H1 in terms of sales traded at 0%,
 so around 1.3 plus, I would say, a small increase.
 and what I want to add as well
 is that we are confirming
 that this backlog
 at 0%
 trading margin will be delivered in the next two or three years.
 the tragic
 of, I would
 say,
 implementation
 and execution of this backlog
 is confirmed.
 And we shall move to our next question.
 It's from Alistair Leslie in Société Générale.
 Yeah, I suppose just a sort of follow-up on the H2 free cash flow expectations.
 I mean, do you kind of expect that to be clearly positive
 given the better than expected performance in H1.
 I'll just try to read through your sort of comments
 or does that re-phasing that you mentioned
 between the semesters
 kind of reshape your view
 on H2 free cash flow as well
 and just on that
 Maybe you could update us on the sensitivity in H2 at period N from the level of down payments and customer cash settlements.
 Do you have more visibility there now?
 Thank you.
 Yeah. In a way, we are upgrading our guidance for the full year because we have done better than expected on H1 and still we are maintaining our guidance for the H2.
 there are two men
 factors
 I would say, one, is, of course, the down payment, and two, is a wrap-up of our production
 and ability to get some cash from the customers due to the delivery of the project.
 Here we are.
 we could, I mean the risk factor
 of course is
 the
 can
 on the supply chain.
 That's why we are cautious
 on what could be actually
 the level of
 catch-in,
 It may depend on some of the delays which could be experienced because of the supply chain issue.
 But we are nevertheless today confident that we will mitigate this factor
 and we will generate cash for you in the second half.
 So, I don't know if you want to add something.
 No, just because you mentioned it, Alistair, we see as well a healthy flow of down payments in the second half as we had in H1.
 I just want to confirm that there is no change of pattern whatsoever in terms of a down payment from the customer standpoint.
 So this is something that we are looking at with confidence as well in terms of H2, in terms of inflows.
 Then move to the next question, please.
 And the next question comes from Simon Donison in Jefferies.
 year will be below what you're going to do
 in the second half of
 this year so
 giving you not pretty well
 what you're going to deliver over the next sort of 12 months can you talk a bit more as you as we
 move into the first half of next year, then into the second half.
 Do you expect positive free cash flow also in the first half and second half next year?
 and do you think
 it's realistic that
 Free cash flow for the full year 22 should be above what you're going to do in the second half of this year.
 and I appreciate you not giving that guys
 But just given the topic is so sensitive, a bit more color around it, I guess, would be very helpful.
 Good morning, Simon.
 So, to be fair, it's a bit early days to answer to these questions, so we'll come back to you for sure.
 What I can provide you as callers for next year in terms of, again, the business trends
 is definitively still a very positive market momentum.
 and you have seen that
 into the number of
 opportunities we have in our
 pipeline
 so
 for Android
 opportunities above
 100 million euros each
 in the next three years, so this is a clear find of the market health.
 The second business trend for next year is to continue to ramp up in terms of rolling to stock and deliveries,
 but as well positive trajectories in terms of signaling systems and services
 which will fuel the growth for next year.
 but that's what
 we can say
 stage in terms of cash
 H1, H2 for next year, it's a bit early days to answer to you on this question.
 overall we do confirm cash positive
 on the midterm
 has indicated
 in our Capital Market Day.
 And our next question is from Jonathan Monsny in exam BNP Paribas.
 Jonathan Monsny, your line is on open.
 You may go ahead.
 Oh, hi, sorry.
 it was only you to
 Apologies.
 so just
 talking specifically about some of the problem contracts
 that I know we've talked about in the past.
 So I'm thinking SVB and Aventra in particular.
 I think the local press in Switzerland is talking about the trains that you've delivered for Bombardier running better than before.
 so reliability is improving
 but also that the motion of them makes people feel ill.
 where are we on that
 contract.
 Is that
 imply significant work needs to be
 done to resolve those issues or
 Are we finally coming to the end on that project, given that the trains are now running more
 reliably.
 And on the UK's adventure, obviously, you've got multiple contracts there with Bombardier to deliver.
 Where are we today on that, please?
 Thank you.
 so
 Usually I really refrain from talking about particular projects
 because as we have more than 300 projects,
 It could be a longer story.
 but on these ones
 that you are highlighting
 and just a few comments.
 First, on FDD contract, as you said, these have improved tremendously.
 I think
 to give you order of magnitude
 over the last eight months
 So since we have taken over, the reliability has probably doubled in terms of our main indicators,
 which is the mice between different failures and incidents.
 So we have twice now the level of helvinity.
 So this is a huge improvement.
 the production
 has been stable
 So all the trends have been produced according to the plan, which has been set when we again took over the beginning of February.
 and most of the trends
 are now delivered
 and I think
 52 out of the 62 trains
 have been delivered
 for SBB.
 we are still
 some techniques
 technically used to solve and we have still also come up
 fully choose to be discussed with SBB,
 so this is not the end of the story for us
 but in terms of...
 This is one project for which we are moving now.
 So, as I said, there are not one silver bullet.
 So on this project, the manufacturing part is behind us for most of it.
 It's more some technical part and some discussion with the customers.
 but this is going
 definitively in the right
 in the right direction and I expect
 Most of it to be done before the end of the financial year.
 we are so improved
 I mean, I see that you have very, very, very close knowledge about what's happening.
 So we have also improved a lot the comfort and the impression that you were mentioning
 in terms of maybe dizziness, or I don't know how you can call it,
 But we have improved a lot this situation, which is a particular tilting situation of this trend.
 on
 13
 this is a
 definitive
 .
 Sean's story.
 First, we have more projects with multiple operators, multiple owners.
 So we have not yet settled with all of them, but with the majority of them, basically three-quarters of them, to say exactly that.
 And the production is now a long production.
 we have several years of production
 We have concentrated during the first six months in retrofitting the trade
 because one of the issues, as you know, was
 we had a lot of trends to be
 retrofitted and
 and we were actually piling up
 90% of
 DEX train, if I may say.
 so we have concentrated in that
 and we are now
 You mean the production of nutrients?
 Since I've been myself to Derby, I can tell you that there have been immense progress in terms of quality,
 which have been outlined by the customers themselves
 and the number of
 demerit and so forth have dropped tremendously.
 so that's going in the right direction
 We say that on this one, we have a few technical challenges,
 but the main challenges here is on the wrap-up of the production.
 So you see, it illustrates, I don't want to go into all the projects, but it illustrates the fact that it's not one single issue,
 and that there is no as well no issues which are unsolvable
 but it's just multiple issues which have to be tackled one by one.
 Next question is from Martin Wilke in City. Please go ahead.
 Yeah, thank you. Good morning. It's Martin from City.
 Just going back to raw material inflation components and so forth,
 You mentioned that you have these sort of indexation clauses and so forth
 that look like me
 protected you from
 raw materials, but just to clarify
 if there are component shortages that would cause, you know,
 trained to be, you know,
 Uncomputable, you know, if there's a
 a component that simply wasn't available.
 How does that work with the customer?
 I mean, presumably you are able to pass through raw materials and so forth.
 But if there are delays, and we're hearing that in many, many industries,
 that projects have been delayed because of seemingly low-value components
 simply not being available, is that something you're protected against
 or is that a potential risk if some of these global bottlenecks continue into next year?
 Thank you.
 That's a very good point, and there are two consequences of that.
 if some projects
 were to be delayed
 because of
 shortages. First of all, of course,
 that would be automatic
 I mean, we will have a shortage in cash-in
 because we'll not be in a position to deliver our trains.
 that's clear.
 In terms of commercial negotiation and eventual penalties or discussion, this could be much more complex.
 That's, of course, this is a post-COVID impact, so we need to analyze that on a global COVID situation.
 But still, it will trigger a number of discussions at that stage.
 we have not
 we have not faced this issue
 so far, but it's clear that it's
 not as
 automated, automatic, sorry,
 for the price itself.
 and we don't have
 we have escalation closes for the price
 and the cost
 So we have no such thing for the shortages of components.
 So that would have to be discussed on a case-by-case basis.
 That's why we are, frankly, doing everything so that it does not happen.
 That's good.
 And the next question is from Vlad Serkiewski, Bank of America.
 Yes, good morning, everyone, and thank you for taking my question.
 It will be on project execution and will consist of two parts.
 First of all, it looks like you provisioned about 200 million euros for potentially problem projects during this period.
 and provisions exceeded what you use in terms of provisions,
 Does it mean that the risk of the backlog has increased during this period?
 And second part of this question would be on the big or relatively sizable, I should say,
 upward moving contract assets. So it's about $650 million. Can you please explain what
 draw with and how do you expect this line to develop going forward?
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you for your question, M. Laurent. I'll leave it to you.
 Yes. So, overall, as I say,
 no overall impacts
 on the
 overall risk assessment
 on the
 XPT contracts
 provision, as I say.
 there is a specific point
 in the provision movement indeed
 which is linked to option
 which has been booked
 which is having a mechanical impact on the provision,
 but economically, these provisions are accretive in terms of margin.
 so overall
 very much
 100% in line with what we say
 end of March in terms of risk and contract
 assessment on the XBT portfolio.
 you. Thank you. Maybe one of
 Last question, as we are coming to the end of the session.
 Thank you.
 It is from Katie South in Morgan Stanley.
 Hi, good morning.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 My line cut out briefly, so apologies if this has already been asked.
 but just trying to understand on the down payment situation
 for the remainder of the year.
 If you could just give us a bit of an overview of the order pipeline for the second half.
 Are there a number of large contracts to come with related down payments that are sort of inherently baked into the guidance?
 or are you looking more around a kind of stable level of mid and small size contracts?
 Thanks.
 Yeah.
 in the main
 we still have
 a number of
 last contracts
 we don't have gigantic contracts
 like
 multi-billion or three, four billion
 or something like that.
 But still, I mean, if you talk about the contract in Egypt, for example, it's close to 1 billion, so we have several of these during the second half, which is becoming recurring.
 I mean, now, again, for having close to $10 billion of order in tech in six months,
 you need to have a number of relatively large contracts,
 And as we expect to have a healthy level of orientation during the second half,
 that means that
 we need
 We expect some of these contracts
 with also
 a relatively good down payment.
 So it's not dissimilar from those first half.
 Okay, maybe we have the last question from James Moore, if my tablet is right.
 Thank you.
 Go ahead.
 Hi, can you hear me?
 Hello, Henri, you're wrong.
 Yes, we can.
 Great.
 thanks for taking the questions
 I'm afraid I got cut off earlier
 Now I apologise if I'm repeating
 I have three if I can
 Can you say what percentage of customer settlement negotiations are now complete at the end of the half?
 And can you give us a feeling for the outstanding phasing, secondly, of the $4.7 billion of bad backlog revenue?
 I'm just trying to think how much will be
 invoiced in the second half
 verses 23 verses 24
 and
 finally
 could you just
 me explain the
 hundred ninety-nine million
 contract provision increase
 I'm not sure I understood the answer, and did it carry through the adjusted Ebbet line or not?
 Thank you.
 I will leave it
 the last one to Laurent, it's
 clear that it's an accounting
 and a relatively complex one.
 to Laurent
 On the first one,
 I would say that
 we have today the majority
 so a little bit more than 50% of the commercial negotiations.
 We expect to finalize them by the end of March.
 So, during the first half, we did the first half, we did the first half, we did the first
 a little bit of one and fifty
 if you see people who use O'Reilly.
 quite an achievement because we could not start day one.
 I mean, some time to start, but we still have a number of them to be discussed clearly.
 on the screen
 we expect to
 grand peuple de production,
 and therefore
 and back to
 what we're saying
 on Avantra, for example,
 So we expect the level of non-performing projects to be traded during the second half
 to actually be higher than during the first time.
 so we should
 and then it will be stable for the blind next year
 as compared to this year, as compared to this second half.
 So we'll have the second half, which is likely higher than the first half, and then
 in this stable situation
 during the next year
 and then, of course, it will run down.
 So, but maybe on the accounting part, Laurent.
 Yes.
 So, good morning, James.
 So, in terms of economics, this 199 is reflecting options which are being booked on negative contracts.
 These options are positive in terms of margin.
 with accounting-wise
 IFRS 15, you have
 a catch up
 in terms of the percentage of completion of the contract
 and enhance a mechanical provision increase.
 So it's a pure accounting issue, not at all an economic issue, which is reflected into this around 200 million euro provision increase.
 So I would suggest – I know it's triggering some questions.
 I would suggest that Martin takes this question
 and go with you with the accounting entries on that.
 Okay, thank you, Jeff.
 I think it's
 it's ending our session
 of this morning, so thank you a lot
 for your attention.
 happy to
 talk to you soon
 and again
 as a word of conclusion.
 I mean, as you have seen, the group is working extremely intensively, so there are a lot of actions currently going on.
 and I would say that
 a lot of achievements
 and those are surfaces.
 I think there is a very nice momentum within the group
 And I'm fully confident that we'll manage to stick to our trajectory going forward.
 so thanks a lot
 And I'll talk to you soon.
 Thank you. This conference is now over. Thank you for your participation.
 Thank you.