 Thanks, Stephen.
 Good morning, everyone.
 We're excited to start fiscal 2017 in a positive way.
 Our results and business fundamentals
 were better than we expected.
 Several of our businesses made key contributions
 to our results this quarter.
 and I will cover these highlights in my prepared remarks.
 I have two main topics this morning.
 I will recap our Q1 adjusted results
 and our revised fiscal 17 outlook.
 Please note that all financial comparisons
 are for the first quarter of fiscal 17,
 compared to the same period of the prior fiscal year,
 unless otherwise noted.
 With that, let's move to our results.
 Revenues were $38.2 billion, up 4%.
 Our pharmaceutical distribution segment accounted for the majority of our revenue growth due
 to our diverse customer mix and the strength of our AVSG specialty business.
 Let me highlight that we had one less business day in the current quarter versus the previous
 this year.
 We also had less of a revenue tailwind this quarter given the slowdown in branded drug
 inflation from July through December while still having a meaningful revenue
 headwind from brand and generic drug conversions.
 Our ABC Consolidated Revenue Growth
 would have been nearly 6% on a comparable basis,
 which means adjusting for the one day difference
 in business days.
 The quarter of the adjusted gross profit increase
 about 1% to $1.1 billion and was entirely due to the growth
 in our other segment.
 Our pharmaceutical distribution segment
 down this quarter with a difficult comparison as we are still cycling through the repricing
 of two strategic long-term contract renewals, which we have discussed in detail the past
 And in the current quarter, we began an anniversary of the acquisition of Pharmedium.
 Operating expenses, we are very pleased with our progress in managing operating expenses,
 which were virtually flat compared to last year,
 Our businesses continue to make meaningful progress,
 focusing on their cost structures,
 ensuring they spend in the right areas,
 and leveraging existing scale and capabilities.
 where we can.
 Operating income, our adjusted operating income was $486 million, up about $9 million or 2%
 Our adjusted operating margin was 1.27%, down three basis points from the prior year, driven
 mostly by the pharmaceutical distribution segment being down six basis points this quarter.
 moving below the operating income line.
 Interest expense net was about $35 million,
 up some from last year.
 The increase is due to a combination of slightly higher average borrowings, outstanding, and
 and also higher interest associated
 with the bill to suit leases.
 We had to capitalize last quarter.
 Income taxes, our adjusted income tax rate was 33.1%,
 down some from the prior year as a result of changes in mix of U.S. versus international
 Income.
 For the quarter, our adjusted diluted EPS increased a solid 7 percent, the $1.36.
 This 7% growth was driven by the outstanding performance in our other segment.
 the benefit from an improving catch rate and a lower diluted share count.
 I will highlight that we did have a couple of pennies of EPS benefit in the current quarter
 from the favorable timing on manufacturer rebates
 that we previously expected to earn in our March 17 quarter.
 This finishes our review of ABC Consolidated Results.
 Let's move forward and discuss our segment results starting with pharmaceutical distribution
 Total segment revenues were $36.6 billion up 4% with our drug company growing just under
 this level.
 Our...
 Our core drug business saw solid growth better than we expected, and its retail customers
 segment, which includes independence, wargreens,
 and other chains.
 consistent with the past few quarters,
 I should point out that the business continued to have a revenue headwind of about 1.5% due
 to lower hepatitis C drug sales, primarily in our non-retail customer segment.
 this current December quarter, the Hepatitis C comparables get better and shouldn't be
 a meaningful revenue headwind going forward.
 ESG, which is our specialty business, and an overall revenue increase of 10%, driven primarily
 by volume growth.
 This is the 12th consecutive quarter that ABSG has had top-line growth at 10% or more.
 We continue to see excellent revenue growth in oncology and to a lesser degree in the
 technology.
 Overall, the business continues to capitalize on positive pharmaceutical industry trends
 and we remain a clear leader in this space.
 segment operating income was three hundred seventy four million dollars
 and was down 2%.
 Our ADSG business continued their high level of performance,
 producing strong operating income growth
 through Discipline Expense Management,
 combined with their revenue growth.
 Our drug company was down year-over-year,
 as anticipated.
 primarily due to the two key customer contract renewals,
 slightly lower contributions from price appreciation
 and the impact from generic deflation.
 last year in the December 16th quarter,
 Generic deflation wasn't that meaningful.
 These headwinds were partially offset
 by a higher contribution from her medium.
 I'd like to point out that our drug company's performance
 was better than we expected,
 and the business is building positive momentum
 for both top line revenue growth
 and improving contribution from generics.
 We are committed to continuous improvement.
 The drug company has sharpened its focus on maintaining high customer service levels and
 implementing leading customer solutions.
 As a result, we are seeing generic compliance rates
 gradually improve with customers, which translates to higher volumes.
 We can now move to our other segment, which includes consulting services, World Courier,
 at MWI Animal Health.
 In the December quarter, segment revenues were nearly $1.7 billion, up just over 5%, both
 consulting and world courier at growth rates in the high single digits while MWI's growth
 was slightly impacted by foreign exchange associated with our U.K. business.
 MWI continues to see high growth rates in their U.S. companion animal business as a
 percentage in the high single digits and we are now encouraged as we are starting to see
 improving growth rates in the production animal side of the business.
 From an operating income standpoint, this segment had an outstanding quarter with operating
 income of $112 million and a growth rate of 17 percent.
 This marks the first time that the segment has surpassed $100 million in operating income.
 as Steve highlighted, MWI achieved records in operating income and operating margin.
 The business has a relentless focus on the customer,
 that drives a constantly improved capabilities
 and terrific expense management.
 Wrapping up, our consulting business
 was also a strong contributor to the segment's growth
 this quarter due to a solid revenue growth.
 They deliver these results while continuing to focus on implementing a business process
 redesigned, which includes a new ERP system.
 system.
 This completes our segment review.
 I'd like to now cover key working capital
 and cash flow items.
 In the December quarter, as expected,
 We had a negative pre-cash flow of $570 million.
 As we have discussed in the past,
 We continue to make a working capital investment
 of our largest customer, Walgreens.
 This investment will continue to be a cash flow headwind
 into our Q217 when the investment is complete.
 When comparing to last year's free cash flow, we also had a sizable, positive day of the
 week cash impact to our P1 16 free cash flow.
 This day of the week impact did not repeat
 in the current quarter and was a headwind.
 We ended the quarter with roughly $1.8 billion in cash,
 with $645 million of this amount offshore.
 The next area I'd like to cover is shirt.
 buybacks, we purchased $230 million of shares during the quarter, and we finished the quarter
 with $890 million left on our November 2016 share authorization.
 We're pleased that from late September 2016 through December 2016, we were able to buy
 buy back roughly 8 million shares, returning over $600 million to our shareholders.
 Now let's turn to our updated fiscal 17 expectations.
 As I mentioned before, we are very pleased with our strong
 Q1 results and we are now raising our adjusted EPS guidance to a new range of $5.72 to $5.92
 which reflects growth of 2% to 5% versus last fiscal year.
 I will provide guidance comments in four key areas.
 First, revenues, our previous guidance was 6.5% to 8% revenue growth, even with our P1-17
 ABT Consolidated Revenue Growth of 4%.
 We believe we will now be at the high end of this range due to two factors that will
 and enable us to ramp our revenues during the course of the fiscal year.
 One, our drug company's largest customer, Walgreens,
 as added new commercial business, which will benefit us.
 And two, brand inflation, realized in January,
 will be a better revenue tailwind going forward.
 The second area, operating expenses, given the continued focus by our businesses on managing
 costs, we are revising our full-year OPEX growth rate to 4.5 percent to 6 percent.
 We expect that our expenses will increase over the course of the fiscal year to support
 with the revenue ramp.
 Additionally, we start to incur incremental costs related to several of our IT and infrastructure
 investments.
 The third area, operating income.
 We are revising and moving the low end of our guidance up, our operating income dollar
 growth will now be flat to up 4% versus fiscal 16.
 And the last area, our adjusted share count.
 We'd expect a...
 our share count to creep up somewhat,
 given that we front-enloaded our share repurchases.
 We expect modest share repurchase activity
 in the near term.
 Our first priority now is to ensure
 Our free cash flow tract is planned and to repay the $600 million debt obligation that
 that I'm assuring in May 2017.
 As in the past, however, we will remain flexible
 and opportunistic in terms of capital deployment.
 Let me point out that the rest of our previously communicated
 fiscal 17 financial guidance for ABC Consolidated is unchanged and reaffirmed at this time.
 Before I wrap up, I'd like to comment on our working assumptions for the pharmaceutical
 drug pricing environment.
 I will cover generic drug pricing first.
 We are not changing our negative 7 percent to negative 9 percent generic deflation range
 for fiscal 17 at this time.
 time. After one quarter, based on our drug company's generic drug portfolio, we are tracking
 in line with this assumption.
 As we progress through the year,
 We will hopefully have more clarity on generic pricing trends, and if needed, we will revise
 our assumption. Moving to brand drug pricing, we are comfortable with our 7% to 9% brand
 and inflation rate assumption.
 Based on the WAC price increases, we realized in January,
 both the number of brand pricing announcements
 and the overall percentage increases.
 right in line with what we had assumed.
 As a reminder, we also anticipate
 that we will have a certain level of brand price increases
 in the June-July time period.
 This is clearly an open item,
 given the unpredictability of pricing actions
 and a heightened level of scrutiny.
 This is part of the reason we continue
 to have a somewhat wider adjusted EPS range.
 So, in closing, a better than expected quarter and a solid start to our fiscal year, as always,
 We continue to deliver outstanding service, solutions, and value to our customers, each
 every day and at the same time we look to drive operating efficiencies. This is a
 the winning combination that enables the Merisource Bergen
 to grow and create long-term shareholder value.
 Now here's Terry to start our Q&A.
 Yeah, thanks.
 Thanks, Bob, for the question.
 Now, so the first one, we did see, you know,
 We did see a brand pricing trail off a bit in our first quarter of the December quarter,
 So that was a little bit of a headwind
 for our core drug business, that, you know,
 we were able to cover.
 So that's true.
 But then when we got to January, we saw the price increases
 relatively in line with last year in terms of the number of announcements, the percentages
 were probably a little bit less overall on a kind of a weighted average basis, but clearly
 the January price increases, we're in line with our 7-9% assumption, so no change there.
 We're keeping that assumption for the full year.
 I think our point in my script was really to say
 that there is another time period coming,
 June, July, you know, our guidance still has a certain level of pricing activity, you know,
 in our assumptions, and that's an open item.
 But I think with our 20 cent range,
 I thank Steve and I and the management team
 comfortable that, you know, if that trailed off a bit in June or July, we would, we would
 still fall within the range okay but again that's just one item but you know
 you know, I would say we feel good that if the brand inflation, again, I'll repeat myself
 If the trail is off a bit, we can still stay in the range, but on the probably the lower
 Yeah, no, I think Stevie you hit it. I mean certainly we benefited this you know
 of December is always one of the better quarters from MWI
 if they come down to year-end contracts with manufacturers.
 But, you know, going forward, the consulting business,
 I commented in my script that they'll be implementing the new ERP system, and they'll be having
 some expenses, and expenses in that area will ramp up a bit in quarters two, three, and four.
 But it's a great margin.
 The margin's been fairly high.
 But I would say that, you know, this probably isn't the run rate, but, you know, probably
 not that far off. I mean, it should be a good margin business, and all those businesses
 leverage well.
 on the south side.
 So is that kind of like any stationary number?
 Let me go back.
 I think the brand, your brand question is a good one
 and I think I should clarify.
 I think I said, when I answered Bob's question first,
 said if it trailed off a bit, we would stay in our range.
 And again, I think that's important.
 I mean, I'm not going to comment if we had zero price increases for the rest of the year
 and we didn't see any pricing activities.
 I mean, we'd have to go back and think about that
 and understand the impact.
 But certainly, if we trailed off a bit,
 we feel comfortable staying in our range on the brand side.
 in their deflation?
 I mean, we've been very consistent on the minus seven
 to minus 9%.
 We've always pegged that off of our acquisition cost
 of the acquisition cost in our inventory,
 to let people know that that's what we're seeing
 terms of how that price, how our acquisition cost is changing over a period of time, you
 and we're probably up towards the higher end of that range.
 And so I think I answered your question,
 But again, that's how we calculate.
 It's on our portfolio, our mix of business based on our fiscal year.
 But, you know, we still feel good about that minus seven to minus nine, and as we go through
 of the year, we'll update, we'll update.
 Yeah, thanks.
 Bob I'll start you know certainly we reaffirmed our guidance and so I mean
 the guidance for free cash flow was at adjusted net income or just slightly above, so we're
 We're still on that.
 I know we had a negative free cash flow in Q1,
 with the cadence.
 In the seasonality of business, we should see a nice, positive, free cash flow in our
 in March quarter, somewhat neutral to up a little bit in the June quarter and then traditionally
 our fourth quarter is pretty high in terms of free cash flow.
 So that's how we get back to where we need to be for the year.
 In CAPEX, I think we said 500 million.
 Roughly, you know, that's reaffirmed, and we should be right about that in that range.
 and most of that is the DC work and the ERP system.
 So both were consistent and both we still feel good about.
 Yeah, I'll start getting on the first one back to the generic deflation.
 We have not changed our methodology or approach.
 We've been very, very consistent.
 It's always based on our drug companies portfolio
 of what they have in inventory, you know, way at average.
 It's based on our fiscal year.
 We do exclude generic items that have not been on the market for longer than one year,
 So we take out the ones that do have higher variability
 in that first year.
 So we've been very consistent and, you know,
 We track it, we look at the methodology, and we're still coming up in that range of minus
 7 to minus 9. And again, I said a little on the high end right now at the minus 9. That's
 why we still feel comfortable at this point.
 Tax reform, I'm looking at...
 Yeah, no, thanks, Lisa, let me clarify.
 You know, there are a couple of pennies we called out,
 You know, a little bit of timing, that would be in pharmaceutical distribution, so more
 on the drug company side.
 Yeah, the couple pennies to clarify the couple pennies really we thought would come in and be earned in the March quarter
 They got pulled forward.
 We hit some triggers early.
 but Steve's point is right in terms of the, you know, MWI,
 their calendar year, their contracts and manufacturers are on a calendar year and you always come
 down to truing that up based on final volumes and you pass through different tiers and that
 That helped in the December quarter with NWI.
 But that happens every December.
 Nothing unusual.
 No, I think manufacturers realize we provide an extremely valuable service in terms of
 the quantities we keep in inventory, the credit, the collections, you know, that we
 provide. So, I mean, I think they realize that it's a very good value and very
 economical and we've had, you know, we've had discussions, we've had fee-for-service
 agreements over, I don't know, 10 plus years, and we see those continuing and we don't see
 those changing, you know, going forward.
 So, you know, it seems to be very acceptable to be based on WAC pricing, and that's how
 –
 the industry is compensated.