 Good morning, and welcome to Earthstone Energy's second quarter 2020 conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. If anyone should require operator assistance during the conference, please press star zero on your telephone keypad. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. Joining us today from Earthstone are Robert Anderson, President and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Lumpkin, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Scott Thielander, Vice President of Finance. Mr. Thielander, you may begin. Thank you, and welcome to our second quarter conference call. Before we get started, I would like to remind you that today's call will contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. Although management believes these statements are based on reasonable expectations, they can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. These statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, as described in the earnings announcement we released yesterday and in our 2019 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly filings. These documents can be found in the Investor section of our website, www.earthstoneenergy.com. Should one or more of these risks materialize or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially. This conference call also includes references to certain non-GAAP financial measures, which include adjusted diluted shares, adjusted EBITDAX, adjusted net income, all-in cash costs, cash G&A, and free cash flow. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measure under GAAP are contained in our earnings announcement released yesterday. Also, please note, information on this call speaks only as of today, August 6, 2020. Thus, any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate at the time of any replay or transcript reading. A replay of today's call will be available via webcast by going to the Investor section of Earthstone's website and also by telephone replay. You can find information about how to access those on our earnings announcement released yesterday. Today's call will begin with comments from Robert Anderson, our CEO, followed by remarks from our CFO, Mark Lumpkin, regarding financial measures and financial matters in performance, and then some closing comments from Robert. I'll now turn the call over to Robert. Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone, and appreciate everyone's attendance for our call today. Thanks for making time to join us for our second quarter conference call. In the midst of the current pandemic, we continue to take appropriate caution and maintain focus on keeping our personnel safe while continuing to efficiently manage our operations. Achieving our strong second quarter results in the face of this unprecedented oil price collapse and difficult operating environment is evidence of the resiliency of our business plan and the solid commitment of our people. Throughout these trying times, we have worked to quickly adjust to the rapidly changing conditions and align our costs with our business activity as well as preserve our strengths. As we have discussed last quarter and in updates along the way, stating we would be free cash flow positive from the second quarter on for 2020, we had significant free cash flow of $35 million in this quarter. This was driven by several factors, including limited capital expenditures in the quarter as we completed our drilling and completion program for the year, strong hedge position that delivered over $29 million of realizations, and significantly lower operating costs, partially as a result of our May shut-in and containment program, but also sustainable reductions. Including the impact of our shut-in program, our average daily sales volume in the second quarter was 13,555 barrels of oil equivalent, or BOE, per day. Even with reduced volumes and a 44% drop in average realized price per BOE in the second quarter, our cost management efforts, combined with the strong hedge position, allowed us to generate higher quarter-over-quarter adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDAs. I suspect we are one of a very small group of our peers who can say that. We expect to generate substantial free cash flow throughout the balance of the year, which should result in a decreasing debt balance and help us achieve our target of being below one times debt-to-EBITDAs for the year. As we previously discussed in response to the sharp decline in oil prices in April and very low forecasted May oil prices, we made the decision in late April to shut in the large majority of our operated production for the month of May, which resulted in approximately 60% of our total net production being shut in during May. With a forecast of significantly improved June oil prices, which ultimately were more than double our April and May oil price realizations, we returned to full production in June. We had a very successful quarter in focusing on cost reductions, which saw us reduce total lease operating expense, or LOE, in the second quarter by 40% from the prior quarter. Despite reduced production volumes due to our shut-in program in May, our team's continued focus on cost reductions resulted in a 30% decrease in LOE per BOE in the second quarter to $4.53 versus $6.51 in the first quarter. This was the major driver of the overall 33% reduction in all-in cash costs during the quarter. On a per-unit basis, our all-in cash costs went from near $13 per BOE in the first quarter to near $10 per BOE in the second quarter for a total 22% reduction. This is all-in cash costs, folks, which includes operating costs, corporate G&A costs, and all of our interest costs on our debt. To dive a little deeper into how we achieved the 40% decrease in LOE, let me outline some of the key factors. First, as much of our peers have done, we were successful in negotiating price reductions with vendors across the broad range of our lease operating expenses. From chemicals to maintenance rigs, saltwater disposal contracts, and compression costs. Second, we are benefiting from our long-term practice of spending a little more money as we go repairing wells, facilities, and associated equipment to reduce frequency of maintenance, which is resulting in a continued decrease in non-routine LOE repair needs. Third, workover repairs have trended down, resulting from our optimization of lift method, chemical program improvements, and general approach of fixing things right the first time. The limited offset frack activity also reduced frack hit-related workover expenses. Fourth, we have been successful in getting the utility companies to perform electrical upgrades sooner than scheduled, which has allowed us to eliminate generator usage on some of our newer locations. Lastly, with limited drilling and completion activity, we have also been able to refocus our field employees towards lease maintenance, which has allowed us to reduce contractor labor. All of these items and many other subtleties of operating were in progress as our team has a history of continually driving down costs. We will remain focused on continuing to reduce costs across the board as we expect the oil price environment that we have observed since late 2014, including increased volatility, to persist, which only stresses the need to structure our business to be profitable across a much lower oil price range. I'd really like to commend our operations team, which did a fantastic job of both shutting in production in May and bringing production back fully online in June while also achieving these cost reductions. For the first time in my career and our team's history, we had to tell our guys to produce as little as possible every single day. We executed this shut-in operations, and our field personnel did a great job of efficiently returning wells to production with little to no incremental expense and no adverse effects on our producers. Our wells have returned to their previous volumes, with some wells producing at increased rates for a period of time. Plus, the three wells in southeast Reagan County that were brought online in April prior to the curtailments and were shut in during May are now back online and have fully cleaned up and are performing well versus the tight curve. I mentioned we concluded our 2020 drilling program in late May and released our contracted rig operating in the Midland Basin. So our planned capital expenditures are minimal for the balance of the year. Given that our program ended with 11 wells drilled but not completed, and with our ample liquidity, we have optionality on completion timing depending on market conditions. With production return to full capacity, we have entered the second half of this year with expectations for no further drilling or completion activity this year. We can maintain approximately flat year-over-year production in 2020 compared to 2019. As a reminder, we recently updated our 2020 full-year production guidance ranging from 13,000 to 14,000 BOE per day, which compares to 2019 full-year average of 13,429 BOE per day. Further, with our 11 drilled but uncompleted wells in Upton County, we intend to carefully monitor commodity pricing, appropriate service availability, and service cost conditions to determine if it makes sense to bring in a completion crew later this year or wait until early next year. Depending on the timing, we anticipate the completion of those 11 wells would enable us to maintain similar year-over-year production for 2021 with only a modest capital program for the completions, which we currently estimate at around $30 million. With that overview, I'll now turn the call over to Mark to review the financials. Have at it, Mark. Thank you, Robert. As we have in the past two consecutive quarters, I'd like to first discuss our cash position and our balance sheet. As Robert mentioned, we are pleased to have achieved our goal of generating substantial free cash flow in the quarter with a total of $35.1 million of free cash flow. As we referenced in our first quarter call, our plan was first to reduce our working capital deficit, which we calculate excluding derivatives, and we're able to do this by a little over $50 million during the second quarter and then to begin to pay down our revolver debt. The borrowing based under our senior secured revolving facility, which was set in late March, remains unchanged at $275 million and should remain there until our regularly scheduled fall redetermination process. Our outstanding borrowings under the credit facility at quarter ends hold $168.6 million, and we had $1.8 million in cash. With $106.4 million of unused borrowing capacity, that gave us approximately $108 million of liquidity at quarter end. I would note that as of July 31st, we had paid down our revolver by $14.3 million compared to quarter end, reducing our debt balance now to about $154.3 million, and we do expect to apply free cash flow the remainder of the year primarily to pay down the revolver. During the second quarter, our capital expenditures settled $3.2 million, and year-to-date, we have spent $45 million of our annual 2020 capital budget of $50 to $60 million. As Robert mentioned, we concluded our 2020 drilling program in May, so we anticipate minimal expenditures during the remainder of the year and will likely end up toward the low end of our guidance range. Now, looking at our second quarter income statement, starting with the top line, revenues for the second quarter of 2020 were $21.7 million compared to $45.1 million in the first quarter. The decline was driven by a 54% decrease in oil revenues to $18.9 million, which made up about 87% of total revenues, and NGL revenues fell by 44%, while natural gas revenues rose slightly. Our average price in the second quarter for all three commodities was $17.56 per barrel of oil equivalent, which was down by nearly half of our average price during the first quarter. By commodity, our average realized price for crude oil in the second quarter was $23.56 per barrel, natural gas averaged 83 cents per MCF, and NGLs averaged $8.10 per barrel of oil equivalent. From a production standpoint, our second quarter sales volumes averaged 13,555 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was comprised of 65% oil, 18% natural gas, and 17% natural gas liquids. As highlighted, this does include having curtailed about 60% of total production in May. On the expense side, as Robert also highlighted, we did drive down our all-in-pack costs from $12.92 per BOE in the first quarter to $10.11 per BOE in the second quarter. We achieved this through nearly $2 per BOE reduction in our lease operating expense to $4.52 per BOE for the quarter. On the general administrative side, we reduced our absolute cash G&A expense by about 7% versus the first quarter, which resulted in per-unit cash G&A expense of $3.34 per BOE. As you know, we reduced our cash G&A guidance in May to $15.5 to $16.5 million for the full year and expect to be somewhere in that range, which at the bottom end is a 25% reduction versus our initial full-year plan. In addition to some of the savings we articulated last quarter, we continue to focus on and have had success in reducing expenses really any and everywhere, including reduced usage of third-party consultants, reducing vendor rates, and managing our costs tightly. From an income standpoint, we reported GATT net loss in the second quarter of $35.9 million or $0.55 per share, which included a pre-taxed unrealized loss of $50 million on our derivative contracts. Our adjusted net income was $12.8 million or $0.20 per diluted share, adjusted diluted share for the second quarter. We reported adjusted EBITX of $39.8 million in the second quarter, which, as Robert mentioned, is actually an increase quarter over quarter. Now, let's take a minute to update you on our commodity hedge results in the second quarter. As highlighted, we realized $29.4 million are a gain on our commodity hedges for the quarter. This is largely reflective of our hedge position entering the quarter and are locking in some really nice gains on hedges when we made the decision to curtail production and did that when second quarter and IMAX prices were about at the lowest point. The hedge realizations also include a gain of about $5.7 million from an unwind of 1,000 barrels of oil a day for the second half of 2020. We remain really well hedged for the balance of the year with an average of 6,500 barrels per day of oil swapped at an IMAX price of $58.35, stepping down to 4,000 barrels a day for full year 2021 at an IMAX price of $55.16 per barrel with basis hedges in place on similar volumes. On the natural gas side, we have 7,000 MMBTU per day of swaps at a Henry Hub price of $2.85 for the second half of this year, stepping up to 8,000 MMBTUs per day at a price of $2.71 for full year 2021 with basis hedges in place on the same volumes. Hedging remains a critical component of our financial strategy and we expect to continue layering on the hedges as we get more visibility around the resumption of our drilling and completion activity going forward. Stepping back and looking at our expectations for full year 2020, we reinstated our production guidance in July and we reinstated LOE and production and ad valorem tax guidance with our earnings released yesterday. Our reinstated production and ad valorem tax guidance of 6.25% to 7.25% is identical to what it was at the onset of our 2020 guidance provided in January as is the case for our reinstated LOE guidance of $5.50 to $6.00 per BOE. Although we have had recent sustainable LOE reductions and came in well below this range in the second quarter, without the advantage of bringing on new wells, we have kept our guidance range where it was at the beginning of the year when we anticipated bringing 16 new wells online. With that, I'll turn it back over to Robert. Thank you, Mark. We are really pleased with the results and confident in a bright future for Earthstone. While we are sorry to see our industry in such distress, it is creating more M&A opportunities than we have seen in quite some time. We are actively evaluating a number of situations and expect to have more to consider throughout the rest of the year as prices remain low and distress situations continue to increase. We believe that our strong balance sheet and track record as a successful consolidator positions us well to increase the scale of our company and add value to our shareholders. With that, operator, we'll now open the floor for questions. Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question and answer session. If you'd like to ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad. A confirmation tone will indicate your line is in the question queue. You may press star 2 if you'd like to remove your question from the queue. For participants using speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the star keys. Our first question comes from the line of Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. Hi, morning, everyone. Hope you're doing well. I guess on the 2021 color that you gave about being able to keep production flat with the 11 ducks, is that more just meant to be instructive or is that actually how you're thinking about the 2021 plan as we sit here today? Okay. Yes. A little bit of both, Brad. You know, it does depend on where commodity prices head towards the end of the year, whether we want to pick up a rig or not. I think we've been pretty vocal or consistent about our message that, you know, we need mid-45 to $50 oil to want to go back to spending large capital dollars. but outside of that, at some point into this year, early next year, completing those wells will allow us to main production flat year over year. Okay. Got it. And then, obviously, you made the comment on M&A. can you go into a little more detail about sort of what opportunities you're seeing and also any thoughts you have about an ability to fund them? The opportunities are increasing and size is variable from small to quite large as you've seen, you know, distressed and bankrupt companies. I think all of this will result in further opportunities in terms of larger companies selling assets. It is difficult with no public equity and, for that matter, debt markets open or open only to a very few. Maybe we're one of those few, but we've had discussions with financial parties who are interested in participating with us on acquisitions and, much like we've done in our history, you know, we'll bring in parties at the right time to look at buying assets and we're going to maintain a very healthy leverage amount and keep ourselves from getting into a distribution progress no matter where we are in the cycle. So, I think we're just going to see more and more opportunities and we'll figure out how we can finance those and make sure we keep our balance sheet clean. Okay. Thanks for the comment. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Neil Dingman with Truist Securities. Please proceed with your question. Morning, all. Robert, first question also on that same line on 21 expectations and I'm just wondering why I realized this plan really, I think, you know, at least the ones you just initially laid out assumes no new wells. Really, what I'm just wondering, what's driving this low cost or another way maybe to ask is how you think about maintenance CapEx, you know, given just so low because, you know, if I recall, I thought Frank already had you all cancel those country club and other memberships so I just know what else is there. Yes, there's no country club memberships up here. You know, I mean, the 11 wells we have are in really good areas and they will help us keep production relatively flat at $30 million. Now, is that sustainable? Absolutely not. You know, we still have a relatively high decline rate and it does depend on when we brought those wells online. If we wait until the very end of 21, we're going to have a hard time keeping production relatively flat. If we brought them on today, you know, we might have the same problem because we get all this flush production from these new wells. So, you know, maintenance, to maintain 13,000 BOE a day kind of level longer term, we're going to have to have a rig running and a one-rig program. I don't know what it would exactly cost us today, but generally speaking is $120 million to maybe $140 million depending on lateral length and working interest and things like that. So, you know, this is just a very preliminary if the world stays the same and we're at $40-ish, low $40 environment and we're not spending any drilling capital, these 11 ducts will help us keep production flat. Okay, and then you kind of hit on my last one just on how do you think about sort of P2P decline, you know, on a go forward? Is now that you've been slowing a bit, is that too, you know, going to go down or I guess look at it another way? Is it, you know, are you able to give us kind of how many wells would offset that? I mean, in any way you can kind of give us a caller on how, you know, kind of you're thinking about that in 21 on broader terms? Yeah, I think we've been consistent in telling everyone that our sort of base decline starting today, we'll call it, you know, is about 30% in the first year and then it gets into the mid to maybe 26 or 27% the next year and then low 20s or high teams after that. And so, you know, I don't think that's changed any and if we didn't spend any capital then you can kind of forecast what our blowdown production would look like, even if we didn't do those 11 wells, but again, with those 11 wells it'll help keep 21 flat and then going forward in 22 and beyond. It's all going to depend on price. Very good. Thanks, guys. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeff Grant with Northland Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. Hi, guys. I was wondering, Robert, or maybe from Mark, how important do you guys view staying free cash flow positive in the context of evaluating whether to go after the ducks and potentially drilling rig at some point in time? Would you view that as kind of a must, if you will, or would you guys have any level of comfort with any near medium term outstand if the returns were good and it would help jump start a return to growth? Sure. Maybe I'll try to answer that one and Robert can add on if he wants to. We keep things pretty simple. At the end of the day, we feel like our responsibility is to make good individual decisions at the wellhead. And that's why we were quick to put the rig down and stop completing in March and April is because the economics didn't make a whole lot of sense then. Do the ducks make sense right now? I mean, economically, you definitely could go complete the ducks right now and have pretty nice IRRs for the incremental cost to complete them. In terms of are we so focused on quarter to quarter year to year free cash flow that we won't outspend? No, we're not. And from a practical matter, we're just going to be pre-cash flow positive this year and next year kind of irrespective of anything else that happens with prices if all we're doing is completing the ducks. At some point, we do anticipate picking the rig back up and there's a bit of obviously a lag there between the cost you expend to drill in the complete wells versus the cash flow. Does that mean over the course of the year we're not pre-cash flow positive? No, not necessarily. But we're not so fixated on checking that box every quarter. We want to make smart economic decisions at the wellhead that will flow into the bigger picture. And having some outspend for some period of time, we still think it's supported by the economics. At the same time, we're not ones just to go keep drilling and completing because we have hedges in place or other reasons. We're just trying to be as good as stewards as we can of the individual decisions we're making at the wellhead. The only thing I'll add, Jeff, is I think we can run a one-rig program with the level of production and cash flow we have today and be cash flow neutral on an annualized basis. Obviously, there's a jump-starting the program. We're going to be cash flow negative for a period of time, but I think longer term, over a year time frame. Again, depending on what the price is. Sure. Understood. Appreciate those comments. For my follow-up, I think you guys still have a decent amount of non-off exposure in the Permian. Are you guys seeing any activity levels there and more on the land side? Is there any traction or conversations on swapping any of that out to increase the operation exposure there? Still working on the trades, but people have been hunkered down in the bunker for quite some time now, since at least March, and so nothing's moving very quickly there. We have not heard anything different from our partners in terms of activity in the near term being kind of the remainder of this year, so we'll have to see as we get closer to year-end what their view might be for activity in 2021. All right. Thanks, Ed. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Duncan McIntosh with Johnson Rice. Please proceed with your question. Good morning, Robert. Good morning. I had a quick question over on the balance sheet. You know, you all are doing a great job in the free cash. It looks great paying it down. I'm wondering, you know, have you been in conversations with the banks as we head into the fall redetermination back in March? You all were early in getting it done in the spring, but, you know, back then it looked like things would be pretty dire again in the fall, and it's not as bad here, and particularly with the line of sight you all have on the free cash. Kind of how, any conversations with them to give you any indication as to what the fall redetermination could look like? Sure. I mean, probably too early to, you know, certainly anything around numbers, but we do pretty rarely talk to banks, and we do that normal course irrespective of the environment. You know, the one thing I'd say, I mean, for us, we are expecting a decrease in the borrowing base, and, you know, obviously we're not drilling and completing new wells and hedges roll off. You know, fortunately, we feel like we've got enough ability to pay down debt to outpace that decrease, and really, you know, we don't see any scenarios that we think are realistic that would be concerning in that regard. Now, I will say, like, does the environment feel better now than it did three months ago? Absolutely. And maybe some of that's the shock of seeing minus $37 oil and, you know, teeing realizations for the months of April and May. At the end of the day, it's still not a very good price environment for companies in general. And the banks, maybe they feel a little better because we're $45 or $42 versus somewhere in the teens, but they still have a lot of issues to deal through, to deal with. And obviously, there's been a lot of E&P companies that have gone bankrupt, and there's certainly more that will. So the banks still have their hands full, and they're still working through all these situations. Yeah, I think there is a lot of trepidation on the banks' part in general. And, yeah, I don't frankly see them letting up a whole bunch in the fall. Now, that being said, that's a general statement. You know, we've got one-time leverage and liquidity and generally are viewed as having done the right thing from a financial standpoint. and our assets are better than many. We probably feel like we've got a pretty supportive bank group that is going to be reasonable and fair, and historically, that's been the case. But too early to circle a number. Thanks, Mark. And then, I guess just for my follow-up, you know, Robert, you gave some really good color on, and y'all did some pretty creative things to get OOE down in the second quarter. I know we talked about how it's going to come back up a little bit here in the back half of the year towards, you know, a more historical range. But, you know, any of those initiatives that you took, do you think that you can carry forward to kind of help mitigate that OOE creep? Definitely, Don. There's, you know, it's just a constant progression of a wells life cycle to adjust artificial lift. A lot of our wells are on gas lift so relatively expensive compressors. Over time, that gets changed out to other lift methods, in some cases, rod pump, in other cases, plunger lift, what have you. So, we're continuing to work through that, and that will definitely help reduce LOE. And then, some of the things that, you know, we're fortunate in getting done in the quarter, working with the utility company to get meters set and get ahead of the schedule there, or got moved up in the schedule from some good relationships. We ended up getting generators off of our payroll, and those are very, very expensive. So, we didn't have a whole lot, but they still show up as a big expense. So, some of these things we did in the second quarter are sustainable, and we'll continue doing the right things in the way we, you know, operate our business and continue to watch costs like a hawk. So, all right, thank you all very much, and congrats on a strong quarter and a strong outlook. Thank you. Thanks, John. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as a reminder, if you'd like to join the question queue, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad. Our next question comes from the line of Noel Parks with Coker and Palmer. Please proceed with your question. Hey, good morning. I know. I, you know, I was thinking about having the deck inventory that, you know, where it works out that, you know, just completing those next year can help you keep production flat. That's, you know, that's a lot of really great flexibility you have there. And, I mean, was that just sort of a result of the timing of everything, you know, kind of falling off the rails with COVID and OPEC, Russia? Or was that sort of part of the plan as you were just trying to, you know, continue to pivot to emphasis on free cash flow heading into next year? I'd love to tell you, Noel, that we had this great plan that no matter what happened in the world, oil going to 20 or sub-20, that we could keep production flat for three years running with various amounts of capital. If you go back and think about the beginning of the year and the call we had, you know, related to the fourth quarter earnings and full year, we had a one-rig program. We were going to average for the entire year a tiny bit of free cash flow. And those 11 wells would have been completed, I don't know if by now, I can't remember, but pretty darn close. So I'd say it's a fallout of what's happened here and just being very conservative with our capital expenditures and cash and making sure that, you know, we come out of this down, this near-term down cycle. We've been in a down cycle since 2014, but at least this recent piece of it that we, you know, we survive nicely through it and come out the other side and can continue to find ways to consolidate and grow. Great. Thanks. And, you know, just a housekeeping question. Sorry if you touched on this earlier and I missed it. For the free cash flow calculation, if I looked at the numbers right, it looked like this is one of those periods where there is a pretty big delta between, I guess cash capex and, you know, sort of capex incurred in the quarter. And I was just wondering, for the free cash flow calculation going forward, just kind of which one of those is more important for us to use as we, you know, just try to model that? We always use accrued cash from a calculation standpoint because not all the bills necessarily have hit, but we know what generally they are. So, okay. It's in the presentation on the last page or something like that. Okay. So, so real, oh, and one other thing, I am, and I just don't have the release in front of me. And as far as change in working capital, you, that's something else you would routinely include, well, include the impact of in a free cash calculation or would you exclude that? Yeah. So, we don't include that and I recognize there's, you know, multiple different ways to look at that. I mean, the way we've been approaching it is, okay, adjusted EBIT acts is the best proxy for, you know, really sort of cash flow for the period. We back out interest expense and then we back out capital expenditures for activity during that period. Now, when you're stopping or starting, there is going to be a bigger delta between calculating free cash flow the way we do versus if you're using a cash CapEx number. You know, the second quarter was very atypical from the standpoint of, you know, here we're reporting $35 million of free cash flow. So, you know, our debt balance went up and the reason for that is because, and of course this is tied to the cash CapEx, it's just the time of the payments. You know, we reduced the negative, the working capital deficit by about $50 million during the quarter. Now, we're to a point where that working deficit, working capital deficit is pretty low and probably won't fluctuate a whole bunch one way or the other until we pick activity back up, at which point you'd expect, you know, as you start completions and drilling again, you start getting bills, but there's some lag between the activity and when you get the bills and when you pay them. So, very typical quarter. Yeah, as we mentioned in the press release, you know, we had about $169 million in debt at quarter end. In the month of July, we paid down a little more than $14. That's not the run rate, by the way. It's not $14 million in the quarter. That was high because of timing, but we do expect, I mean, really every month this year that we're paying down some debt without any big changes in the working capital status. Great. Thanks a lot for the details. That's up for me. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question and answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Anderson for any final comments. Well, we appreciate everybody joining us and, you know, we'll continue to update as we need to and we'll see you next quarter. Thanks. Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. Thank you. Bye. Thank you. You may now be armed discussion of one minute and we'll see you next week. Good morning. Thank you.