 Good morning and welcome to Earthstone Energy's second quarter 2020 conference call.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 A brief question and answer session will follow the formal presentation.
 If anyone should require operator assistance during the conference,
 please press star zero on your telephone
 keypad. As a reminder, this
 conference is being recorded. Joining us today from Earthstone
 are Robert Anderson, President and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Lumpkin, Executive Vice President
 and two financial officer.
 and Scott Thielander, Vice President of Finance.
 Mr. Thielander, you may begin.
 Thank you and welcome to our second quarter conference call.
 Before we get started, I would like to remind you that today's call will contain forward-looking
 statements within the meaning of
 Section 27A of the
 Securities Act of 1933 as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended.
 Although management believes these statements are based on reasonable expectations,
 they can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct.
 These statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions,
 as described in the earnings announcement we released yesterday
 and in our 2019 annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent quarterly filings.
 These documents can be found in the Investor section of our website, www.EarthStoneEnergy.com.
 Should one or more of these risks materialize or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect,
 actual results may vary materially.
 This conference call also includes references to certain non-GAAP financial measures, which
 include adjusted diluted shares, adjusted
 EBITDAX, Adjusted Net Income, All-In Cash Costs, Cash TNA, and Free Cash Flow.
 Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable measure under GAAP are contained in our earnings announcement released yesterday.
 Also, please note, information on this call speaks only as of today, August 6, 2020.
 Thus, any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate at the time of any replay or transcript reading.
 a replay of today's call
 will be available via webcast
 by going to the investor section of Earthstone's website
 and also by Telephone Replay.
 You can find information about how to access those on our earnings announcement released yesterday.
 Today's call will begin with comments from Robert Anderson, our CEO,
 followed by remarks from our CFO, Mark Lumpkin, regarding financial measures and financial matters in performance.
 And then some closing comments from Robert.
 I'll now turn the call over to Robert.
 Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone, and appreciate everyone's attendance for our call today.
 Thanks for making time to join us for our second quarter conference call.
 in the midst of the current pandemic
 we continue to take appropriate caution
 and maintain focus on keeping our personnel safe
 while continuing to efficiently manage our operations,
 Achieving our strong second quarter results in the face of this unprecedented oil price collapse
 and difficult operating environment
 is evidence of the resiliency
 of our business plan
 and the solid commitment of our people.
 throughout these trying times
 we have worked to quickly adjust
 to the rapidly changing
 conditions and align our costs with our business activity, as well as preserve our strengths.
 As we have discussed last quarter and in updates along the way, stating we would be free cash
 flow positive from the second quarter on for 2020, we had significant free cash flow of
 $35 million in this quarter.
 this was driven by several factors
 including limited capital expenditures in the quarter
 as we completed our drilling and completion program for the year.
 strong hedge position
 that delivered over $29 million
 of realizations
 and significantly lower operating costs,
 partially as a result of our May
 shut in and contained
 program, but also
 sustainable
 reductions.
 Including the impact of our shut-in
 program our average daily sales
 volume in the second quarter was
 13,555
 barrels of oil equivalent, or BOE, per day, even with reduced volumes and a 44% drop in
 average realized price per BOE in the second quarter, our cost management efforts, combined
 with a strong hedge position
 allowed us to generate
 higher quarter-over-quarter
 adjusted net income and adjusted
 David Acts. I suspect
 we are one of a very small
 group of our peers who can say that.
 We expect to generate substantial free cash flow throughout the balance of the year,
 which should result in a decreasing
 debt balance
 and help us achieve our target of being below one-times debt to EBITDAX for the year.
 As we previously discussed, in response to the sharp decline in oil prices in April
 and very low forecasted May oil prices,
 we made the decision
 in late April to shut in the large majority
 of our operated production
 for the month of May,
 which resulted in approximately 60% of our total net production being shut in during May,
 with a forecast of significantly
 improved June oil prices
 which ultimately were more than double
 our April and May
 oil price realizations, we return
 of full production in June.
 we had a very successful quarter
 in focusing on cost reductions,
 which saw us reduce total lease operating expense, or LOE, in the second quarter by 40% from the prior quarter.
 Despite reduced production volumes due to our shut-in program in May, our team's continued
 focus on cost reductions
 resulted in a 30% decrease in LOE per BOE in the second quarter
 to $4.53
 versus $6.51 in the first quarter.
 this was the major
 driver of the overall 33%
 reduction in all-in cash costs during the quarter.
 On a per-unit basis, our all-in cash costs went from near $13 per BOE in the first quarter
 to near $10 per BOE in the second quarter for a total 22% reduction.
 This is all in cash costs, folks, which includes operating costs, corporate G&A costs, and all of our interest costs on our debt.
 To dive a little deeper into how we achieve the 40% decrease in LOE, let me outline some of the key factors.
 First, as much of our peers have done, we were successful in negotiating price reductions with vendors across the broad range of our lease operating expenses.
 from chemicals to maintenance rigs, saltwater disposal contracts, and compression costs.
 Second, we are benefiting from our long-term
 practice of spending a little more
 money as we go repairing
 wells
 facilities and associated equipment
 to reduce frequency of
 maintenance, which is resulting
 in a continued decrease
 in non-routine LOE repair
 needs.
 Third, workover repairs have trended down, resulting from our optimization of lift method,
 chemical program improvements, and general approach of fixing things right the first time.
 The limited offset frack activity also reduced frack hit-related workover expenses.
 fourth
 We have been successful in getting the utility companies to perform electrical upgrades sooner
 than scheduled, which has allowed
 us to eliminate
 generator
 usage on some of our newer locations.
 Lastly, with limited drilling and completion activity, we have also been able to refocus
 our field employees towards lease maintenance,
 which has allowed us
 to reduce contractor labor.
 all of these items
 and many other subtleties of operating
 we're in progress
 as our team has a history
 of continually driving down costs.
 We will remain focused on continuing to reduce costs across the board
 as we expect the oil price environment that we have observed since late 2014,
 including increased volatility
 to persist
 which only stresses
 is the need to structure our business
 to be profitable across a much lower oil price range.
 I'd really like to commend our operations team, which did a fantastic job of both shutting
 in production in May
 and bringing production back fully online in June
 while also achieving
 these cost reductions
 for the first time in my career
 and our team's history
 we had to tell our guys
 to produce as little as possible
 every single day.
 We executed this shut-in operations, and our field personnel did a great job
 of efficiently returning wells to production
 with little to no incremental expense
 and no adverse effects on our producers.
 Our wells have returned to their previous volumes
 with some wells
 producing at increased rates
 for a period of time.
 plus the three wells
 in southeast Reagan County
 that were brought online in April
 prior to the curtailment
 and were shut in during May
 are now back online and
 have fully cleaned up and are
 performing well versus the type
 curve
 I mentioned
 we concluded our
 2020 drilling program in late May
 and released
 our
 contracted rig
 operating in the Midland Basin.
 So our planned capital expenditures
 are minimal for the balance of the year.
 given that our program ended with 11 wells drilled
 but not completed
 and with our ample liquidity
 we have optionality on completion timing
 depending on market conditions.
 with production returned to full capacity
 we have entered the second half of this year
 with expectations
 for no further drilling or completion activity this year.
 We can maintain approximately flat year-over-year production in 2020 compared to 2019.
 As a reminder, we recently updated our 2020 full-year production guidance, ranging from
 13,000 to 14,000 BOE per day, which compares to 2019 full year average of 13,429 BOE per day.
 further with our 11 drilled but
 done completed wells
 in Upton County, we intend to carefully monitor
 Commodity pricing
 appropriate service availability
 and service cost conditions
 to determine if it makes sense
 to bring in a completion crew
 later this year
 or wait until early next year.
 Depending on the timing, we anticipate
 the completion
 of those
 11 wells would enable us to
 maintain similar
 year-over-year production for 2021
 with only a modest capital program
 for the completions which we currently
 estimate at around $30 million.
 dollars. With that
 overview, I'll now turn the call over to Mark
 to review the financials.
 Have at it, Mark.
 Thank you, Robert.
 As we have in the past two consecutive quarters,
 I'd like to first discuss our cash position and our balance sheet.
 As Robert mentioned, we are pleased to have achieved our goal of generating substantial free cash flow in the quarter
 with a total of $35.1 million of free cash flow.
 As we referenced in our first quarter call, our plan was first to reduce our working capital deficit,
 which we calculate
 excluding derivatives
 and we're able to do this
 by a little over $50 million
 during the second quarter
 and then to begin to pay down our revolver debt.
 The bar was based under our senior security revolving facility, which was set in late
 March remains unchanged at $275 million and should remain there until our regularly scheduled
 fall redetermination process.
 Our outstanding borrowings under the credit facility at quarter end totaled $168.6 million,
 and we had $1.8 million in cash.
 With $106.4 million of unused borrowing capacity, that gave us approximately $108 million of liquidity at quarter end.
 I would note that as of July 31st, we had paid down our revolver by $14.3 million compared to quarter end, reducing our debt balance now to about $154.3 million.
 And we do expect to apply free cash flow the remainder of the year primarily to pay down the revolver.
 During the second quarter, our capital expenditures totaled $3.2 million,
 And year-to-date, we have spent $45 million of our annual 2020 capital budget of $50
 to $60 million.
 dollars. As Robert mentioned,
 we concluded our 2020
 drilling program in May, so we
 anticipate minimal expenditures during the
 minute of the year and will likely end up toward the low end of our guided
 range. Now looking at our
 second quarter income statement, starting with the top line, revenues for the second
 quarter of 2020 were $21.7 million compared to $45.1 million in the first quarter.
 The decline was driven by a 54% decrease in oil revenues to $18.9 million,
 which made up about 87% of total revenues.
 and NGL revenues fell by 44%
 while natural gas revenues rose slightly.
 Our average price in the second quarter for all three commodities was $17.56 per barrel
 of oil equivalent, which was down by
 nearly half of our average price during the first
 quarter. By commodity, our average
 price for Korean oil in the second quarter was
 $23.56 per barrel
 natural gas at average
 83 cents per MCF
 and NGLs average $8.10 per barrel of oil equivalent.
 From a production standpoint,
 our second quarter sales volumes
 averaged 13,555 barrels of oil
 equivalent per day, which was comprised
 with 65% oil,
 18% natural gas, and 17% natural gas liquids.
 As highlighted, this does include having curtailed about 60% of total production in May.
 On the expense side, as Robert also highlighted, we did drive down our all-impact costs from
 $12.92 per BOE in the first quarter to $10.11 per BOE in the second quarter.
 We achieved this through nearly $2 per BOU reduction in our lease operating expense
 to $4.52 per P.O.E. for the quarter.
 on the
 general administrative side, we reduced our
 application.
 absolute cash GNA expense by about 7% versus the first quarter, which resulted in per unit
 cash G&A expense of $3.34 per BOE.
 As you know, we reduced our cash DNA guidance in May to $15.5 to $16.5 million for the full year
 and expect to be somewhere in that range
 what's at the bottom of the end
 as a 25% reduction versus our initial full-year plan.
 In addition to some of the statements we articulated last quarter,
 we continue to focus on
 and have had success
 and reducing expenses really any and everywhere,
 including reduced usage of third-party consultants, reducing vendor rates, and managing our costs tightly.
 From an income standpoint, we reported GATT net loss in the second quarter of $35.9 million, or 55 cents per share,
 which included a pre-taxed unrealized
 costs of $50 million on our derivative contracts.
 Our adjusted net income was $12.8 million, or $0.20 per diluted share, adjusted diluted share for the second quarter.
 We reported adjusted EBITDAX of $39.8 million in the second quarter, which, as Robert mentioned,
 is actually an increase quarter of a quarter.
 now I'll take a minute
 take a minute to update you
 on our commodity hedge results in the second quarter.
 As highlighted, we realized $29.4 million gain on our commodity hedges for the quarter.
 This is largely reflective of our hedge position entering the quarter
 and are locking in some really nice games on Hedges
 when we made the decision to curtail production
 and did that
 when second quarter and IMAX prices were about
 I took Laura's point.
 The hedge civilizations also include a gain of about $5.7 million from an unwind of 1,000
 barrels of oil a day for the second half of 2020.
 we remain really well ahead
 to the balance of the year
 with an average of 6,500 barrels per day of oil
 swapped at an IMAX price
 at $58.35.
 cents. Stepping down to 4,000
 barrels a day for four-year 2021 at an IMEX price of $55.16 per barrel, with basis hedges
 and plays on similar volumes.
 On the natural gas side, we have 7,000 MMBTU per day of swaps at a Henry Hub price of $2.85 for the second half of this year,
 stepping up to 8,000 NMBTUs per day at a price of $2.71 for full year 2021 with basis hedges
 been placed on the same volumes.
 Hedging remains a critical component of our financial strategy, and we expect to continue layering on the hedges as we get more visibility around the resumption of our drilling and completion activity going forward.
 Stepping back and looking at our expectations for full year 2020, we reinstated our production guidance in July,
 and we've reinstated LOE in production and as Lauren's tax guidance with our earnings released yesterday.
 our reinstated production
 going to have
 Valorum Tax Guidance
 of 6.25%
 to 7.25 percent is identical to what it was at the onset of our 2020 guidance provided
 in January, as is the case for
 our reinstated LOE guidance of $5.50 to $6 for BOE.
 although we have had
 recent sustainable
 LOE reductions and came in well
 below this range in the second quarter.
 Without the advantage of bringing on new wells,
 we have kept our guidance range where it was at the beginning of the year
 when we anticipate of bringing 16 new wells online.
 With that, I'll turn it back over to Robert.
 Thank you, Mark.
 We are really pleased with the results
 and confident in a bright future for Earthstone.
 While we are sorry to see our industry in such distress, it is creating more M&A opportunities than we have seen in quite some time.
 We're actively evaluating a number of situations and expect to have more to consider throughout the rest of the year as prices remain low and distress situations continue to increase.
 We believe that our strong balance sheet and track record as a successful consolidator
 positions us well
 to increase the scale
 of our company
 and add value to our shareholders.
 with that operator
 we'll now open the floor for questions
 Thank you.
 At this time, we'll be conducting a question and answer session.
 If you'd like to ask a question, please press Start 1 on your telephone keypad.
 A Confirmation Tool.
 Tone will indicate your line is in the question queue.
 You may press star 2 if you'd like to remove your question from the queue.
 For participants using speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset
 before pressing the SAR keys.
 Our first question comes from the line of Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hi, morning, everyone. Hope you're doing well.
 I guess on the 2021
 any one color that you gave about being able to keep production flat with the 11 ducks.
 Is that more just meant to be instructive, or is that actually how you're thinking about the 2021 plan as we sit here today?
 Yes, a little bit of both, Brad.
 But, you know, it does depend on where commodity prices head towards the end of the year,
 whether we want to pick up a rig or not.
 I think we've been pretty vocal or consistent about our message that, you know, we need mid-$45 to $50 oil to want to go back to spending large capital dollars.
 But outside of that, at some point, end of this year, early next year,
 completing those wells will allow us to main production flat year over year.
 here.
 Okay, got it.
 And then, obviously, you made a comment on M&A.
 Can you go into a little more detail about sort of what opportunities you're seeing
 and also any thoughts you have about an ability to fund them.
 The opportunities are increasing, and size is variable from small to quite large, as you've seen, you know, distressed and bankrupt companies.
 I think all of this will result in further opportunities in terms of larger companies selling assets.
 It is difficult with no public equity and, for that matter, debt markets open or open only to a very few.
 maybe we're one of those few
 but we've had discussions with financial parties who are interested in participating with us on acquisitions.
 And much like we've done in our history, you know, we'll bring in parties at the right time to look at buying assets.
 and we're going to maintain a very healthy leverage amount
 and keep ourselves from getting into distress no matter where we are in the cycle.
 So I think we're just going to see more and more opportunities,
 and we'll figure out how we can finance those and make sure we keep our balance sheet clean.
 Okay.
 Thanks for the comments.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes in line of Neil Dingman with Truist Security.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Morning, all.
 Robert, first question, also on that same line on 21 expectations, and I'm just wondering
 you know what I realized
 is
 plan really, I think, you know,
 at least the ones you just initially laid out,
 assumes no new wells.
 So really what's – I'm just wondering, what's driving this low cost?
 or another way maybe to ask is how you think about maintenance CapEx, you know,
 given just so low because,
 um,
 You know, if I recall, I thought, Frank, I already had you all cancel all those country club and other memberships.
 so I just know what else is there.
 yes there's
 no country
 club
 memberships
 up here
 you know
 I mean, the 11 wells we have are in really good areas, and they will help us keep production relatively flat at $30 million.
 Now, is that sustainable?
 Absolutely not.
 You know, we still have a relatively high decline rate.
 And it does depend on when we brought those wells online.
 And if we waited until the very end of 21,
 we're going to have a hard time
 keeping production relatively
 flat.
 if we brought them on today
 we might have the same problem
 because we get all this flush production
 from these new wells.
 So,
 um,
 You know,
 maintenance
 to make
 Maintain, you know, 13,000 BOE a day kind of level longer term.
 we're going to have to have a rig running
 And a one-rig program, I don't know what it would exactly cost us today, but generally speaking is $120 million to maybe $140 million, depending on lateral length and working interest and things like that.
 So, you know, this is just a very preliminary, if the world stays the same and we're at $40-ish, low $40 environment and we're not spending any drilling capital, these 11 ducks will help us keep production flat.
 Okay.
 Okay, and then you kind of hit on my last one just on how do you think about sort of PDP decline, you know, on a go for it?
 Now that you've been slowing a bit, is that too, you know, going to go down?
 or, I mean, I guess look at it another way, is it, you know,
 you're able to give us kind of how many
 how many wells
 would offset that.
 I mean, in any way you can kind of give us a caller on how, you know,
 kind of you're thinking about that in 21 on broader
 terms. Yeah, I think
 we've been
 consistent in telling
 everyone that
 our sort of basic line
 starting today we'll call it
 is about 30% in the first year, and then it gets into the mid to maybe 26% or 27% the
 next year, and then low 20s or high teens after that.
 And so, you know, I don't think that's changed any.
 and if we didn't spend
 any capital, then you can kind of forecast
 That's what our blowdown production would look like, even if we didn't do those 11 wells.
 But again, with those 11 wells, it'll help keep 21 flat.
 and then going forward in 22 and beyond.
 It's all going to depend on price.
 Very good.
 Thanks, guys.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the line of Jeff Gramp with Northland Capital Markets.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Good morning, guys.
 I was wondering, Robert, or maybe for Mark,
 How important do you guys view staying free cash flow positive in the context of evaluating
 whether to go after the ducks
 and potentially drill under a rig at some point in time.
 Would you view that as kind of a, you know, a must, if you will,
 or would you guys have any level of comfort with any, you know,
 a near-medium-term outstand that helped, you know, if the returns were good
 and it would help pan out, you know,
 jumpstart a return to growth.
 Sure. Maybe I'll try to answer that one, and then Robert can add on if he wants to.
 You know, we keep things pretty simple.
 at the end of the day we feel like
 Our responsibility is to make good individual decisions at the wellhead.
 and that's why we were quick
 to put the rig down
 stop completing in March and April
 is because the economics didn't make a whole lot of sense then.
 Do the ducks make sense right now?
 Well, I mean, economically, you definitely could go complete the ducks right now
 and have pretty nice IRRs for the incremental cost to complete them.
 in terms of
 Are we so focused on quarter-to-quarter, year-to-year free cash flow that we won't outspend?
 no we're not
 And from a practical matter,
 and we're just going to be
 pre-castle positive this year and next year
 kind of your
 irrespective of anything else that happens with prices,
 if all we're doing
 is completing the ducks.
 At some point, you know, we do anticipate picking the rig back up,
 And, you know, there's a bit of, obviously, a lag there between the cost you expend to drill in the complete wells versus the cash flow.
 does that mean over the course of the year
 We're not free cash flow positive.
 No, not necessarily, but we're not so fixated on checking that box every quarter.
 we want to make smart economic decisions
 the wellhead
 that will flow into the bigger picture.
 and having some outspend for some period of time.
 we still think is supported by the economics
 at the same time
 You know, we're not ones just to go keep drilling and completing because we have hedges in place
 or for other reasons.
 We're just trying to be as good a steward as we can of the individual decisions we're making at the wellhead.
 Yeah, the only thing I'll add, Jeff, is I think we can run a one-rig program with the level of production and cash flow we have today and be cash flow neutral on an annualized basis.
 obviously there's a jump starting
 the program we're going to be cash flow negative
 for a period of time
 but I think longer term, over a year time frame.
 Again, depending on what the price is.
 Sure. Understood. Appreciate those comments.
 So for my follow-up, I think you guys still have, you know, a decent amount of non-off exposure in the Permian.
 And are you guys seeing any activity levels there?
 and any traction or conversations on swapping any of that out
 to increase the operating exposure there.
 Still working on the trades, but people have been hunkered down in the bunker, you know,
 for quite some time now since, you know, at least March.
 and so nothing's
 moving very quickly there
 we have no
 we have not heard
 anything
 different from our partners in terms of activity in the near term being kind of the remainder of
 this year.
 We'll have to see as we get closer to year end what their view might be for activity in 2021.
 one. All right.
 Thanks, guys.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the line of Duncan McIntosh with Johnson Reis.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Morning Robert.
 Good morning.
 Check.
 I had a quick question over on the balance sheet.
 You know, y'all are doing a great job in the free cash out.
 if it looks great painted down.
 I'm wondering, you know, have you been in conversations with the banks as we head into the fall redetermination?
 back in March. Y'all were early
 and getting it done in the spring.
 But, you know, back then it looked like things would be pretty dire again in the fall,
 and it's not as bad here, and particularly with the line of sight you all have on the free cash,
 kind of how any conversations
 with them to give you any indication
 as to what the fall redetermination could look like.
 Sure.
 I mean, probably too early to, you know, certainly anything around numbers.
 But we do pretty rarely talk to banks, and we do that normal course irrespective of the environment.
 you know
 The one thing I'd say, I mean, for us, we are expecting a decrease in the barn base,
 And, you know, obviously we're not drilling and completing new wells and hedges roll off.
 You know, fortunately, we feel like we've got enough ability to pay down debt to outpace that decrease.
 And really, you know, we don't see any scenarios that we think are realistic that would be
 concerning in that regard.
 now I will say
 like
 does it
 right
 Aren't it still better now than it did three months ago?
 absolutely
 and maybe some of that's the shock of seeing
 and minus $37 oil, and, you know,
 teen realizations for
 for the months of April and May.
 at the end of the day
 It's still not a very good price environment for companies in general.
 and the banks
 Um, maybe they feel a little better because we're $45 or $42 versus somewhere in the teens,
 but they still have
 a lot of issues
 to deal through
 to deal with
 And, obviously, there's been a lot of E&P companies that have gone bankrupt, and there's certainly more that will.
 so the banks still have their hands full
 and they're still working through all these situations.
 And, yeah, I think there is a lot of trepidation on the bank's part in general.
 and
 And, yeah, I don't, frankly, see them letting up a whole bunch in the fall.
 now that being said
 That's a general statement.
 we've got one-time leverage and liquidity
 and generally are viewed as having done the right thing from a financial standpoint.
 And our assets are better than many.
 we probably feel like we've got a pretty supportive bank group that
 is
 gotta be
 reasonable and fair
 and historically that's been the case
 But too early to circle a number.
 thanks Mark
 and then I guess
 Just for my follow-up, Robert, you gave some really good color, and y'all did some pretty
 creative things to get
 LOE down.
 in the second quarter.
 I know we talked about how it's going to come back up a little bit here in the back half of the year
 towards a more historical range
 But, you know, any of those initiatives that you took, do you think that you can carry forward to kind of help mitigate that LOE creep?
 I've definitely done.
 And there's, you know, it's just a constant progression of a wells life cycle to adjust artificial lift.
 A lot of our wells are on gas lift, so relatively expensive compressors.
 Over time, that gets changed out to other lift methods.
 In some cases, rod pump.
 In other cases, plunge or lift, what have you.
 So we're continuing to work through that, and that will definitely help reduce LOE.
 and then some of the things that we were fortunate in getting done in the quarter
 working with the utility company
 to get meters set
 and get ahead of the schedule there
 or got moved up in the schedule
 from some good relationships.
 we ended up getting
 generators off of our payroll
 and those are very, very expensive.
 so we didn't have a whole lot
 that they still show up
 as a big expense
 And so some of these things we did in the second quarter are sustainable
 and we'll continue
 doing the right things
 and the way we, you know, operate our business
 and continue to watch costs like a hawk.
 All right.
 Thank you all very much, and congrats on a strong quarter and a strong outlook.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Don.
 Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as a reminder, if you'd like to join the question queue,
 please press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 Our next question comes from the line of Noel Parks with Coker and Palmer.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hey, good morning.
 I know.
 You know, I was thinking about having the deck inventory that, you know,
 where it works out that just completing those next year can help you keep production flat.
 That's, you know, that's a lot of really great flexibility you have there.
 And, I mean, was that just sort of a result of the timing of everything, you know, kind of falling off the rails with COVID and over Russia?
 or was
 was that
 the sort of part of the plan as you were just trying to, you know,
 continue to pivot to
 emphasis on free cash flow
 heading into next year.
 I'd love to tell you, Noel, that we have this great plan that no matter what happened in the world,
 oil going to 20 or sub-20
 that we could keep production flat
 for three years running
 with various amounts of capital.
 if you go back and think about the beginning of the year
 and the call we had, you know, related to the fourth quarter earnings and full year,
 we had a one rig program
 we were going to average for the entire year a tiny bit of free cash flow,
 and those 11 wells would have been
 completed, I don't know
 by now. I can't remember, but pretty darn
 close, so
 I'd say it's a fallout of what's happened here
 and just being very conservative
 with our
 capital expenditures and cash
 and making sure that, you know, we come out of this down, this near-term down cycle.
 we've been in a down cycle since 2014
 but at least this recent piece of it that we survived nicely through it
 and come out the other side and can continue to find ways to consolidate and grow.
 Great, thanks.
 And, you know, just a housekeeping question.
 I'm sorry if you touched on this earlier, and I missed it.
 For the free cash flow calculation, if I looked at the numbers right,
 It looked like this is one of those periods where there is a pretty big delta between, I guess you'd say, cash capex and, you know, sort of capex incurred in the quarter.
 and I was just wondering
 for the free cash flow calculation going forward.
 with
 there's
 Just kind of which one of those is more important for us to use as we, you know, just try to model that.
 We always use accrued cash from a calculation standpoint, because not all the bills necessarily have hit, but we know what generally they are.
 Okay.
 that presentation on the last page or something like that?
 Okay.
 Okay, so real – oh, and one other thing, and I just don't have it at least in front of me,
 And as far as change in working capital, that's something else you would routinely include,
 well, include the impact of in a free cash calculation, or would you exclude that?
 Yeah, so we don't include that, and I recognize there's, you know, multiple different ways to look at that.
 I mean, the way we've been approaching it is, okay, adjusted EBITDAX is the best proxy for, you know, really sort of cash flow for the period.
 we back out interest expense
 and then we back out
 capital expenditures
 for activity during that period.
 Now, when you're stopping or starting, there is going to be a bigger delta between.
 between
 Calculating pre-cash for the way we do versus if you're using a cash capex number.
 you know the second quarter was
 very atypical from the standpoint
 of
 Here we're reporting $35 million of free cash flow.
 So, yeah, our debt balance went up.
 And the reason for that is because, and, of course, this is tied to the Cash Caff X,
 It's just the time of the payments.
 We reduced the working capital deficit by about $50 million during the quarter.
 Now we're to a point where that working capital deficit is pretty low
 and probably won't fluctuate a whole bunch one way or the other
 until we pick activity back up, at which point you'd expect, you know,
 If you start completions and drilling again, you start getting bills, but there's some
 lag between the activity and when you get the bills
 and when you pay them.
 So very typical quarter.
 as we mentioned
 the press release.
 You know, we had about $169 million in debt at quarter end.
 In the month of July, we paid down a little more than $14,000.
 that's not the run rate by the way
 It's not 14-month-a-quarter.
 that was high because of timing
 but we do expect
 I mean, really, every month this year that we're paying down some debt without any big changes in the working capital status.
 Great. Thanks a lot for the details. That's all for me.
 Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question and answer session.
 I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Anderson for any final comments.
 Well, we appreciate everybody joining us, and, you know, we'll continue to update as we need to,
 and we'll see you next quarter.
 Thanks.
 Thank you.
 This concludes today's conference.
 You may disconnect your lines at this time.
 Thank you for your participation.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for your participation.