 Good morning, and welcome to Earthstone Energy Second Quarter 2020 Conference Call.
 This time, I'll put the printer in the listen-only mode.
 A brief question and answer session will follow the formal presentation.
 If anyone should require operator assistance during the conference, please press star zero
 on your telephone keypad.
 As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 Joining us today from our stone art, Robert Anderson,
 President and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Lumpkin,
 executive vice president, and two financial officers,
 and Scott Feulander, Vice President of Finance.
 Mr. Thielander, you may begin.
 Thank you and welcome to our second quarter conference call before we get started
 I would like to remind you that today's call will contain forward-looking statements within
 the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended.
 section 21e of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. Although management believes
 These statements are based on reasonable expectations.
 they can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct.
 These statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, as described
 in the earnings announcement we released yesterday and in our 2019 annual report on form 10K
 and subsequent quarterly filings.
 These documents can be found in the investor section of our website
 www.hurstoneenergy.com.
 should one or more of these risks materialize or should underline assumptions prove incorrect
 Actual results may vary materially.
 This conference call also includes references
 to certain non-gap financial measures, which include adjusted diluted chairs, adjusted
 EBITDAX, adjusted net income, all in cash costs, cash GNA, and pre-cash flow.
 Reconciliations of these non-JAP financial measures
 to the most directly comparable measure under GAF,
 are contained in our earnings announcement
 at least yesterday.
 Also, please note, information on this call speaks only as of today, August 6, 2020.
 Thus, any time-sensitive information may no longer be accurate at the time of any replay
 or transcript reading.
 A replay of today's call will be available via webcast by going to the investor section
 Earthstone's website and also by telephone replay.
 You can find information about how to access those
 on our earnings announcement released yesterday.
 Today's call will begin with comments from Robert Anderson, our CEO,
 followed by remarks from our CFO, Mark Lumpkin, regarding financial measures and financial
 matters in performance, and then some closing comments from Robert.
 I'll now turn the call over to Robert.
 Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone, and I appreciate everyone's attendance for
 our call today.
 Thanks for making time to join us for our second quarter conference call.
 In the midst of the current pandemic, we continue to take appropriate caution and maintain focus
 on keeping our personnel safe while continuing to efficiently manage our operations.
 achieving our strong second quarter results in the face of this unprecedented oil price
 collapse and difficult operating environment is evidence of the resiliency of our business
 plan and the solid commitment of our people. Throughout these trying times we have worked
 to quickly adjust to the rapidly changing conditions and align our costs with our business
 activity as well as preserve our strengths.
 As we have discussed last quarter and in updates along the way, stating we would be free cash
 positive from the second quarter on for 2020, we had significant free cash flow
 a $35 million in this quarter.
 This was driven by several factors, including limited capital expenditures in the quarter
 as we completed our drilling and completion program for the year.
 strong hedge position that delivered over $29 million of realizations and significantly
 lower operating costs.
 partially as a result of our May Shut-In and Contailment program, but also sustainable
 reductions, including the impact of our shut-in program.
 Our average daily sales volume in the second quarter
 was 13,555 barrels of oil equivalent, or BOE, per day.
 even with reduced volumes and a 44% drop in average,
 realized price for BOE in the second quarter, our cost management efforts combined with
 the strong hedge position allowed us to generate higher quarter over quarter adjusted net income
 and adjusted EBIT-AX.
 And I suspect we are one of a very small group of our peers who can say that.
 We expect to generate substantial free cash flow throughout the balance of the year, which
 should-
 result in a decreasing debt balance and help us achieve our target of being
 below one-times debt to EBITDAX for the year.
 As we previously discussed in response to the sharp decline in oil prices in April and
 very low forecasted May oil prices, we made the decision in late April to shut in the
 a large majority of our operated production
 for the month of May, which resulted in approximately 60% of our total net production being shut
 been during May, with a forecast of significantly improved June oil prices, which ultimately
 We're more than double our April and May oil price realizations.
 We returned to full production in June.
 We had a
 very successful quarter in focusing on cost reductions, which saw us reduce total lease
 operating expense or L.O.E. in the second quarter by 40% from the prior quarter.
 Despite reduced production volumes due to our shut-in program in May, our teams continue
 focused on cost reductions resulted in a 30 percent decrease in LOE per BOE in the second
 quarter to $4.53 versus $6.51 cents in the first quarter.
 This was the major driver of the overall 33% reduction
 an all-in cash cost during the quarter.
 On a per-unit basis, our all-in cash cost went from near $13 per BOE in the first quarter
 to near $10 per BOE in the second quarter for a total 22% reduction.
 This is all-in cash cost folks, which includes operating costs, corporate
 or GNA costs and all of our interest costs on our debt.
 to dive a little deeper into how we achieve the 40%
 and decrease in LOE.
 Let me outline some of the key factors.
 First, as much of our peers have done, we were successful in negotiating price reductions
 with vendors across the broad range of our lease operating
 expenses, from chemicals to maintenance rigs, saltwater disposal contracts, and compression
 costs.
 Second, we are benefiting from our long-term practice of spending a little more money as
 as we go, repairing wells, facilities,
 and associated equipment to reduce frequency of maintenance,
 which is resulting in a continued decrease
 in non-routine LOE repair needs.
 Third, work-over repairs have trended down, resulting from our optimization of lift methods,
 chemical program improvements and general approach of fixing things right the first time.
 Limited Offset Frack Activity.
 also reduce frack-hit related work-over expenses.
 Fourth, we have been successful in getting the utility
 companies to perform electrical upgrades sooner than scheduled, which has allowed
 to eliminate generator usage on some of our newer locations.
 Lastly, with limited drilling and completion activity, we have also been able to refocus
 our field employees towards lease maintenance which has allowed us to reduce contractor labor.
 All of these items and many other subtleties of operating were in progress as our team
 has a history of continually driving down costs.
 We will remain focused on continuing to reduce cost across the board as we expect the oil
 price environment that we have observed since late 2014, including increased volatility
 to persist, which only stresses the need to structure our business to be profitable across
 a much lower oil price range.
 I'd really like to commend our operations team, which did a fantastic job of both shutting
 in production in May and bringing production back fully online in June, while also achieving
 these cost reductions.
 For the first time in my career, in our team's history, we had to tell our guys to produce
 as little as possible every single day.
 We executed this shut-in operations, and our field personnel did a great job of efficiently
 returning wells to production, with little to no incremental expense and no adverse effects
 on our producers.
 Our wells have returned to their previous volumes, with some wells producing at increased rates
 for a period of time.
 Plus.
 The three wells in southeast Reagan County that were brought online in April prior to
 curtailments, and were shut in during May, are now back online and have fully cleaned
 up and are performing well versus the tight curve.
 I mentioned we concluded our 2020 drilling program in late May and released our contracted
 rig operating in the Midland basin. So our planned capital expenditures are minimal for
 the balance of the year, given that our program ended with eleven wells drilled but not completed
 And with our ample liquidity, we have optionality on completion timing, depending on market
 conditions.
 production returned to full capacity.
 We have entered the second half of this year
 with expectations for no further drilling or completion
 activity this year.
 we can maintain approximately flat year-over-year production in 2020 compared to 2019.
 As a reminder, we recently updated our 2020 full-year production guidance, ranging from
 of 13,000 to 14,000 B.O.E. per day, which compares to 2019 full year average of 13,429 B.O.E.
 per day. Further, with our 11th drill but uncompleted wells in Upton County, we intend
 to carefully monitor commodity pricing, appropriate service availability, and service cost conditions
 to determine if it makes sense to bring in a completion crew later this year or waiting
 until early next year.
 Depending on the timing, we anticipate the completion of those 11 wells would enable
 us to maintain similar year-over-year production for 2021 with only a modest capital program
 for the completions, which we currently estimate at around $30 million.
 With that overview, I'll now turn the call over to Mark to review the financials have that mark. Thank you Robert
 As we have in the past two consecutive quarters,
 I'd like to first discuss our cast position and our balance sheet.
 As Robert mentioned, we are pleased to have achieved our goal of generating substantial
 pre-cash flow in the quarter, with a total of $35.1 million of pre-cash flow.
 as we referenced in our first quarter call,
 Our plan was first to reduce our working capital deficit, which we calculate excluding
 derivatives and we're able to do this by a little over $50 million during the second
 quarter and then to begin to pay down our revolver debt.
 The barn, based under our Senior Security Revolving Facility, which was set in late March,
 remains unchanged at $275 million and should remain there until our regularly scheduled
 the fall redetermination process.
 Our outstanding borrowings on the credit facility at quarter end totaled 168.6 million, and
 we had $1.8 million in cash. With $106.4 million of unused borrowing capacity, that gave us
 approximately 108 million of liquidity quarter in.
 I would note that as of July 31st,
 We had paid down our revolver by $14.3 million
 compared to quarter N.
 reducing our debt balance now to about $154.3 million.
 and we do expect to apply free cash flow the remainder of the year primarily to pay down the revolver.
 During the second quarter, our capital expenditures settled $3.2 million, and year-to-date we
 has spent $45 million of our annual 2020 capital budget of $50 to $60 million.
 As Robert mentioned, we concluded our 2020 drilling program in May, so we anticipate
 minimal expenditures during the remainder of the year and will likely end up toward the
 the low end of our guidance range.
 Now, looking at our second quarter,
 income statement starting with the top line, revenue to the second quarter of 2020 for $21.7
 million dollars compared to 45.1 million in the first quarter.
 The decline was driven by a 54% decrease in oil revenues to $18.9 million which made
 about 87 percent of total revenues. And the NGL revenues fell by 44 percent while
 natural gas revenues rose quietly.
 All right, average price in the second quarter
 for all three commodities was $17.56 per barrel of oil
 equivalent, which was down by nearly half of our average price
 in the first quarter.
 By commodity, our average price for crude oil in the second quarter was $23.56 per barrel.
 natural gas at average $0.83 per MCF, and NGL average $8.10 per barrel of oil equivalent.
 From a production standpoint, our second quarter sales volume averaged 13,555 barrels of oil
 equivalent per day, which was comprised of 65% oil, 18% natural gas, and 17% natural gas
 liquids. As highlighted, this does include having curtail about 60% of total production
 in May.
 On the expense side, as Robert also highlighted, we did drive down our all-impact costs from $12.92 per BOE in the first quarter to $10.11 per BOE in the second quarter.
 We've achieved this for nearly $2 for BLE reduction, our least operating expense, to
 report our 50 cents per BUE for the court.
 On that general administrative side,
 we reduced our absolute tax G&A expense by about 7%
 versus the first quarter, which resulted in per unit
 taxed DNA expense of $3.34 per BOE.
 As you know, we reduced our cash Q&A guidance in May to $15.5 to $16.5 million for the full
 year.
 expect to be somewhere in that range,
 which at the bottom end is a 25% reduction
 versus our initial full year plan.
 In addition to some of the savings we articulated last quarter,
 We continue to focus on and have had success
 and reducing expect is really ending everywhere,
 including reduced uses of third-party consultants,
 reducing vendor rates and managing our costs tightly.
 From an income standpoint, we were court,
 We reported GAT net loss in the second quarter of $35.9 million or $0.55 per share, wishing
 for
 included a pre-taxed, unrealized loss of $50 million on our derivative contracts.
 Our adjusted net income was $12.8 million or $0.20 per dilleted share, adjustable dilleted
 and share for the second quarter.
 We reported adjusted EVACs of 39.8 million
 in the second quarter,
 as Robert mentioned, is actually an increased quarter of a quarter.
 Now, let's take a minute to update you on our commodity hedge results in the second quarter.
 As highlighted, we realize 20% of the time,
 49.4 million dollar gain on our commodity hedges for the quarter. This is largely reflective
 of our hedge position entering the quarter and are locking in some really nice games
 on hedges when we made the decision to curtail production and did that one second quarter
 our 9x prices were about up to the lowest point.
 The head realizations also include a gain of about $5.7 million from an unwind of 1,000
 barrels of oil a day for the second half of 2020.
 plane. We remain really well head to the bytes of year with an average of 6500
 barrels per day of oil, swapped at an IMX price of $38.35.
 stepping down to 4,000 barrels a day for four year 2021 at an IMAX price of $55.16 per barrel
 with basis edges and places on some more volumes.
 On the natural gas side, we have 7,000 MMBTU per day of swaps
 at a Henry Hub price of $2.85 for the second half of this year,
 stepping up to 8,000 MMBTUs per day at a price of $2.71 for full year 2021 with basic hedges
 in place on the same volumes.
 The budget remains a critical component of our financial strategy, and we expect to continue
 layering on the hedges as we get more visibility around the resumption of our drooling and
 completion activity going forward.
 Coming back and looking at our expectations for full year 2020, we reinstated our production
 guidance in July and we've reinstated LLE in production and as law and tax
 guidance with our earners released yesterday.
 Our reinstated production of Avalor and tax guidance of 6.25% to 7.25% is identical to
 what it was at the onset of our 2020 guidance provided in January. As is the case for our
 reinstated LOE guidance of $550 to $6 for BE. Although we have had recent sustainable
 LLE reductions and came in well below this range in the second quarter. Without the advantage
 for bringing on new wells. We have kept our guidance range where it was at the
 the end of the year when we anticipate bringing 16 new wells online.
 With that, I'll turn it back over to Robert.
 Thank you, Mark. We are really pleased with the results and confident in a bright future
 first. While we are sorry to see our industry in such distress, it is creating more M&A opportunities
 than we have seen in quite some time.
 You're actively evaluating a number of situations and expect to have more to consider throughout
 the rest of the year as prices remain low and distress situations continue to increase.
 We believe that our strong balance sheet
 and track record as a successful consolidator
 positions us well to increase the scale of our company and add value to our shareholders.
 With that, operator will now open the floor for questions.
 you.
 At this time, I'll-
 I'll be conducting a question and answer session.
 If you'd like to ask a question, please press stop on
 on your telephone keypad.
 confirmation tone will indicate your line is in the question queue. You may press
 If you'd like to remove your question from the queue.
 for participants using speaker equipment.
 it may be necessary to pick up your handset.
 before pressing the star key.
 Our first question comes from a line of Brad Heffern with RBC Capital Markets.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hi, morning, everyone. Hope you're doing well.
 I guess from the 2021 color that you gave about being able to keep production flat with the 11 ducks.
 Is that more just meant to be instructive or is that actually how you're thinking about the 2021 plan as we fit here today?
 Yes, a little bit of both Brad. You know it does depend on where commodity
 prices head towards the end of the year, whether we want to pick up a rig or not.
 I think we've been pretty vocal or consistent about our message that you know
 We need mid-45 to $50 oil to want to go back to spending large capital dollars.
 But outside of that, at some point into this year, early next year, completing those wells
 will allow us to main production flat year over year.
 Okay, and then obviously you made a comment on M&A.
 Can you go into a little more detail about sort of what opportunities you're seeing
 and also any thoughts you have about an ability to fund them.
 them. The opportunities are increasing and size is variable from small to quite large
 as you've seen, you know, distressed and bankrupt companies, I think all of this will result
 and further opportunities in terms of larger companies selling assets.
 It is difficult with no public equity and, for that matter, debt markets open or open
 and only to a very few, maybe we're one of those few,
 but we've had discussions with financial parties
 who are interested in participating with us on acquisitions.
 and much like we've done in our history,
 you know, we'll bring in parties at the right time
 to look at buying assets.
 and we're gonna maintain a very healthy leverage amount.
 amount and keep ourselves from getting into a distress no matter where we are
 in the cycle.
 I think we're just going to see more and more opportunities and we'll figure out how we
 and finance those and make sure we keep our balance sheet clean.
 Okay, thanks for the comments.
 Thank you. Our next question comes in line of Neil Dingman with
 with true security.
 Please, we'll stay with your question.
 Good morning all.
 Robert, first question on that, also on that same line on 21 expectations, I'm just wondering
 you know, I realize this plan really, I think, you know, at least the ones you just initial
 laid out as since no due wells.
 I'm just wondering, what's driving this low cost, or another way to maybe ask, is how
 you think about maintenance CapEx given just so low because if I recall, I thought Frank
 We've already had y'all cancel those country club
 other membership.
 to know what else is there.
 Yes, there's no country club memberships up here.
 Thank you.
 I don't know.
 So, I mean, the 11 wells we have are in really good areas, and they will help us keep production
 and relatively flat at $30 million dollars.
 Now is that sustainable?
 Absolutely not.
 We still have a relatively high decline rate, and it does depend on when we brought those
 as well as online. If we wait until the very end of 21, we're going to have a hard time
 keep them production relatively flat.
 If we brought them on today, you know, we might have the same problem because we get
 all this flush production from these new wells.
 So, you know, maintenance, to maintain, you know,
 13,000 BOE a day kind of level longer term. We're gonna have to have a rig running and
 And a one rig program, I don't know what it would exactly cost us today, but generally
 speaking is 120 million to maybe 140 million depending on lateral length and working interest
 and things like that.
 So this is just a very preliminary, if the world stays the same and we're at low $40
 We're not spending any drilling capital.
 These 11 ducks will help us keep production flat.
 Okay.
 And then you kind of hit on my last one, just on how do you think about sort of PDP decline,
 you know, on a go 40 is, now that you've been slowing a bit, is that too, you know, going
 going to go down or, I guess, look at it another way, is that, you know, you're able to give
 of us, kind of how many wells would offset that.
 I mean, in any way, you can kind of give us a call around
 kind of just thinking about that in 21 on broader terms.
 Yeah, I think we've been consistent in telling everyone that our sort of basic line starting
 today, we'll call it, you know, is about 30% in the first year, and then it gets into the mid to
 maybe 26 or 27% the next year and then low 20s or high teens after that.
 And so, you know, I don't think that's changed any.
 And if we didn't spend any capital, then you can kind of forecast what our blowdown production
 would look like, even if we didn't do those 11 wells, but again with those 11 wells it'll
 will help to 21 flat and then going forward in 22 and beyond.
 It's all going to depend on price.
 Very good. Thanks, guys.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from a line of Jeff Graf with Northland Capital Markets.
 Please proceed with your question.
 I guess I
 I was wondering, Robert, or maybe from Mark, how important do you guys do you think pre-cash
 positive in the context of evaluating, you know, whether to go after the deduction and
 essentially drill under, I guess, some point in time.
 Would you view that as kind of a must, if you will,
 or would you guys have any level of comfort
 with any near medium term out stands.
 It could help if the returns were good
 as John started, we're trying to grow.
 Sure, maybe I'll try to answer that one then Robert can add on if he wants to you know
 Now, we keep things pretty simple.
 At the end of the day, we feel like our responsibility is to make good individual decisions at the
 the wellhead. And that's why we were quick to put the rig down and stop completing in
 March and April is because the economics didn't make a whole lot of sense then.
 Do the ducks make sense right now?
 I mean, economically, you definitely can go complete the ducks right now and have pretty
 nice IRRs for the incremental cost to complete them.
 In terms of, are we so focused on quarter to quarter, year to year pre-cash flow that
 that we won't outspend? No, we're not. And from a practical matter, and we're just going
 to be pre-gactical positive this year and next year, kind of irrespective of anything
 else that happens with prices, if all we're doing is completing the ducks.
 At some point, we do anticipate picking the rig back up, and there's a bit of an obvious
 see a lag there between the cost you expend to drill in the complete wells versus the
 cash flow, you know, does that mean over the course of the year we're not free
 capsule positive.
 No, not necessarily.
 but we're not so fixated on checking that box every quarter.
 We want to make smart economic decisions as the well head that will flow into the bigger picture,
 and having some outspent for some period of time,
 Yeah, we still think it's supported by the economics.
 At the same time, you know, we're not one just to go keep drawing completing because we have hedges in place or for other reasons
 We're just trying to get as scared as we can of the individual decisions we're making at the wellhead.
 Yeah, the only thing I'll add Jeff is I think we can run a one-rate program with the level of production in cash flow
 we have today and be cash flow neutral on an annualized basis.
 Obviously, there's a jump-starting the program, we're going to be cash flow negative for a
 a period of time, but I think longer term, over a year time frame.
 Again, depending on what the price is.
 Sure understood appreciate those comments and my follow-up and you guys still have you know a decent amount of non-off exposure
 you're in the Permian.
 Are you guys seeing any activity levels there?
 more on the land side. Is there any traction or conversations on swapping any of that out to
 increase the operating exposure there.
 Still working on the trade
 But people have been hunkered down in the bunker, you know, for quite some time now, since,
 at least March and so nothing's moving very quickly there.
 We have not heard anything different from our partners in terms of activity in the near term being kind of the remainder of this year.
 So we'll have to see as we get closer to year end what their view might be for activity in 2021.
 All right.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Duncan McIntosh with Dalton Rice. Please receive your question.
 Good morning Robert.
 Oh, morning.
 Check.
 I had a quick question, everyone, on the balance sheet.
 Y'all are doing a great job in the free cash outflow.
 It's great, paint it down.
 I'm wondering, you know, have you been in conversations with the bank as we head into the fall redetermination back in March?
 You know, we're early in getting it done in the spring, but, you know, back then it looked like things would be pretty dire getting in the fall, and it's not as bad here.
 particularly with the line of sight, you'll have them free cash, kind of how any conversation
 to give you any indication as to what the quality determination could look like.
 Sure.
 I mean, probably, sure.
 early to, you know, sort of anything around numbers, but we do pretty rarely talk to banks
 when we do that normal course irrespective of the environment.
 The one thing I can, for us, we are expecting a decrease in the barring base and you know,
 obviously we're not drilling and completing their wells and hedges roll off, you know,
 We feel like we've got enough ability to pay down debt to outpace that decrease and
 really, we don't see any scenarios that we think are realistic that would be
 concerning in that regard.
 Now, I will say, like, does the environment feel better now than it did three months ago?
 Absolutely, and maybe some of that's the shock of sand
 minus 37-hour oil and, you know,
 in realizations for the months of April and May.
 I think at the end of the day, it's still a lot of very good price environment for companies
 in general, and the banks, maybe they feel a little better because we're at $45 or $42
 but they still have a lot of issues to deal with,
 to deal with it and obviously there's been a lot of EMP companies that have
 like on bankrupt and there's certainly more that will.
 So the banks will have their hands full
 and they're still working through all these situations.
 Yeah, I think there is a lot of trepidation
 the bank's part in general.
 And yeah, I don't frankly see them lighted up a whole bunch in the fall.
 Now that being said, that's a general statement.
 We've got one-time leverage in liquidity and generally are viewed as having done the right
 from a financial standpoint, and our assets are better than many.
 And we probably feel like we've got a pretty supportive bank group that is going to be
 reasonable and fair, and historically that's been the case.
 but too early to circle a number.
 Thanks Mark, and then I guess it's from a follow-up, you know, Robert you get some some really good color on and you know
 and pretty creative things to get LOE down in the second quarter.
 I know you talked about how it's going to come back up a little bit here in the back
 of the year towards, you know, a more historical range.
 But, you know, any of those initiatives that you took,
 Do you think that you can carry forward to kind of help mitigate that fellow increase?
 Definitely done. There's, you know, it's just a constant progression of a well's
 life cycle to adjust artificial lifts. A lot of our wells are on gas lifts, so
 So relatively expensive compressors over time, that gets changed out to other lift methods
 In some cases, Rod Pump, in other cases,
 plunger lift, what have you.
 So we're continuing to work through that,
 And that will definitely help reduce LOE.
 And then some of the things that, you know, we were fortunate in getting done in the quarter
 working with the utility company to get meters set and get ahead of the schedule there,
 or got moved up into schedule from some good relationships.
 we uh...
 We ended up getting generators off of our payroll and those are very, very expensive, so we
 didn't have a whole lot, but they still show up as a big expense. So some of these things
 we did in the second quarter are sustainable and will continue doing the right things in
 the way we operate our business and continue to watch costs like a hawk.
 All right, thank y'all very much and I grab some strong quarter and a strong outlook
 Thank you. Thanks, Tom.
 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen as a reminder if you'd like to join the question to please press star one on your telephone keypad
 Our next question comes from a line of Noel Parks with Coker and Palmer.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hey, good morning.
 I know.
 You know, I was thinking about having the back inventory that, you know, where it works out
 out that just completing those next year can help you keep production flat.
 that's a lot of really great flexibility you have there.
 And, I mean, was that just sort of a result of the timing of everything, you know, kind
 and saw off the rails with COVID and OPC Russia,
 or was that sort of part of the plan
 as you were just trying to continue the pivot
 to emphasis on free cash flow.
 in next year.
 I'd love to tell you all that we had this great plan that no matter what happened in
 the world oil going to 20 or sub 20 that we could keep production flat for three years
 is running with various amounts of capital.
 If you go back and think about the beginning of the year
 And the call we had, you know, related to the fourth quarter earnings in full year,
 we had a one rig program.
 We were going to average for the entire year a tiny bit of free cash flow.
 And those 11 wells would have been completed, I don't know if by now, I can't remember,
 pretty darn close.
 So, I'd say it's a fallout of what's happened here and just being very conservative with
 our capital expenditures and cash and making sure that we come out of this down, this near
 term down cycle. We've been in a down cycle since 2014, but at least this recent piece
 of it, that we survive nicely through it and come out the other side and continue to find
 ways to consolidate and grow.
 Great, thanks, and you're just a housekeeping question.
 if you touched on this earlier and I missed it, for the free cash flow
 calculation, if I looked at the numbers right, it looked like this is one of those periods
 where there is a pretty big delta between,
 I used to take cash capex and, you know, sort of capex incurred in the quarter, and I was
 We're just wondering, for the free cash flow calculation,
 going forward.
 There's just kind of which one of those is more important for us to use as we just try
 to model that.
 We always use accrued cash from a calculation standpoint because not all the bills necessarily
 have hit, but we know what generally they are.
 So okay, it's in the presentation on the last page or something like that
 Okay.
 So, oh, and one other thing, I am,
 And I just don't have a release in front of me.
 And as far as change in working capital,
 That's something also you would routinely include.
 Well, include the impact in a free cash calculation or would you exclude that?
 Yeah, so we don't include that and I recognize there's you know multiple different ways to just to look at that
 I mean, the way we've been approaching it, it's okay,
 adjusted EBITAC is the best proxy for a really sort of cash flow for the period.
 We back out interest expense and then we back out capital expenditures for activity during that period.
 Period.
 When you're stopping or starting, there is going to be a bigger delta between
 Right.
 and precast through the way we do versus if you're using a CAST-CAPEX number.
 The second quarter was very atypical from the standpoint of, here we're reporting 35
 million of a free cash flow, our debt balance went up and the reason for that is because
 And, of course, this is tied to the cash cutback, it's just the time of the payments, and we
 reduced the working capital deficit by about $50 million during the quarter.
 Now we're to a point where that working deficit,
 working out with emphasis is pretty low.
 and probably won't fluctuate a whole bunch.
 one way or the other until we pick activity back up,
 at which point you'd expect as you start completions
 and drilling again, you start getting bills,
 but there's some lag between the activity
 when you get the bills and when you pay them.
 So very typical quarter.
 Yeah, as we mentioned, the press release, you know, we had about a hundred and sixty-nine million
 a debt at quarter-end and the month of July we pay down a little more than
 That's not the run rate, by the way, it's not 14 million a quarter.
 That was high because of timing, but we do expect, I mean, really every month this year
 that we're paying down some debt without any big changes in the working capital status.
 Great. Thanks a lot for the details. That's about for me.
 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question and answer session.
 I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Anderson
 for any final comments.
 Well, we appreciate everybody joining us and, you know, we'll continue to update as we need to, and we'll see you next quarter. Thanks.
 Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.
 Thank you very much.
 Well, that's about it for this presentation.
 Thank you for joining us.
 I'm going to turn it over to Dr.