 Good morning and welcome to the Loma Negra 3rd Quarter 2021 Conference Call and Webcast.
 Our participants will be in listen-only mode.
 Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star
 our key followed by zero.
 after today's presentation.
 there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 Also, Mr. Sergio Fiefman will be responding in Spanish,
 immediately following an English translation.
 To ask your question, you may press star then one
 on your telephone keypad.
 to withdraw your question, please press star, then two.
 Please note that this event is being recorded.
 I'd like to turn the conference over to Mr. Diego Hallone, head of IR.
 Diego, go ahead.
 Thank you. Good morning and welcome to Lemanegra's third quarter earnings conference call
 By now, everyone should have access to our earnings press release and the presentation
 for today's call, both of which were distributed yesterday after market close.
 Joining me on the call this morning will be Sergio Fajman, our CEO and Vice President of
 the board of directors and our CFO, Marco Jardín.
 Both of them will be available for the Q&A session.
 Before I turn the call over to Sergio,
 I would like to make the following safe harbor statements.
 Today's call will contain forward-looking statements,
 and I refer you to the forward-looking statement section
 of our earnings release and recent filing with the SEC.
 We assume no obligation to update or revise
 any forward-looking statements to reflect new or changed events or circumstances.
 This conference call will also include discussion on non-gap financial measures, the full reconciliation
 to the corresponding financial measures
 is included in the earnings press release.
 Now I would like to turn the call over to Sergio.
 Thank you, Divo.
 Hello, everyone, and thank you for showing us today.
 As usual, I am going to mention a few highlights of the third quarter, and then, Marcos will
 through our market review and financial results.
 After that, I will provide some final remark
 and then we will open the culture question.
 As you could see from our release yesterday, we are pleased to share our third quarter
 result where we observe solid demand in high-historic figurines as we keep our core business marching
 at world-class level.
 We are encouraged that the strong momentum experience in cement sales since the start of the recovery in mid-2020
 has reached level most equivalent of the two seen in record industry years.
 Our high-efficient production is standard-enabled as to delivery another robust quarter,
 despite the impact of the normalization of operation and the subsequent effect of regularity-sationality-maintains-cost,
 and the higher energy input in our assortment every day margins.
 Despite these effects, when measured in U.S. dollars, our assessment every day increased to 51 million.
 from 48 million in third quarter 2020, even improving the result from last quarter, keeping
 in the US dollar per ton above $30.
 Finally, regarding the expansion project of La Malie, we are delivering cement to the
 market and already seen promising result from the first production budget.
 We expect to show its benefits in the coming quarters.
 I will now hand off the call to Marco Radín.
 who will wheel you through our market review
 at financial result.
 Please, Marcus, go ahead.
 Thank you Sergio. Good day everyone. As you can see on slide 4, leaving behind the deep drops of GDP in 2020,
 We saw a sharp recovery in the second quarter and an improvement in 2021 GDP estimated growth reaching 8.3%.
 construction activity measured by the Isaac also had a strong performance in
 in recent months, starting to present a more moderately
 growth as 3rd quarter to 4th to 20 showed the start of the post-pandemic recovery.
 Regarding cement, national and industry sales, they had kept on growing strongly, even above
 our previous expectation. Consolidated in high figures, with 10 months accumulated
 volumes almost reaching industry's year record, less than 1% down from the same period of 2017.
 Although we do not see a large private infrastructure project,
 bulk has recovered mostly on the back of smaller projects.
 So, when breaking down the consumption by dispatch mode, we absorb figures in line with historical pre-pandemic average.
 Certainly, the economy as a whole still faces different challenges, particularly on the
 mark economic outlook that may impact on future growth expectations.
 Turning on to slide 5 for a review of our top-line performance by segment.
 Consolidated revenues increase year-on-year by 8.5%, mainly reflecting the continuous recovery of the other segments,
 more affected by the pandemic restriction and the growth of our core cement business.
 Seventh, major resellment and lime segment was up 2.4% with volumes expanding 8.4% with softer pricing dynamic.
 Concrete and aggregates show sharp revenues recovery of 117% and 47% year on year respectively.
 As we mentioned before, these segments suffer more deeply the effects of the pandemic restrictions.
 In the case of concrete volume expansion of 111%, was underpinned by a positive price in recovering performance.
 Regarding aggregates, the segment volume was up 7.2%,
 boosted by a recovery pricing and a positive pricing mix.
 Finally, railroad revenues increased by 25.4% in this quarter versus the same quarter in 2020.
 At the higher transported volumes, we are coupled with a good pricing performance and a positive product mix.
 Or we go to slide 7.
 Consolidated gross profit for the quarter, slightly the kind 0.1% year on year, with
 margin contracted by 222 basis points, mainly impacted by the demonization of the senality
 the cost and trigger energy inputs.
 7 gross margin contracted by 577 basis points from 35.5% to 29.8%.
 with the comparison affected by regular add-on maintaining cost this quarter against a fourth
 quarter of 2020 with a maintenance scandal affected by the pandemic restriction.
 We also experienced some pressure and from seasonal energy charges as winter production
 in 2020, was abnormally low due to the sharp drop in the month of last year.
 For the next video, please subscribe to my channel and hit the bell icon to get notified
 Next year the brand new line built in Lamali plant will give us a flexibility to maximize
 production out of the winter months.
 avoiding high-gurth energy charges.
 SG&A expenses as a percentage of revenues remain almost flat decreasing by 5 basis points to 7.6% from 7.7%
 by the YouTube Constitution from Keiger-Scheidt's volume.
 Please turn to slide 8.
 Our adjusted BTA was down 9.1% in the quarter, reaching 4.7 billion pesos.
 we've consolidated the Vita margin contracted by 512 basis points to 26.4 percent,
 mainly explained by a lower segment adjusted the BTA and the impact of the recovery of the other segment
 which as they have lower margins contributed negatively to the consolidated margin.
 In a 9 month basis adjusted BTA margin expanded 55 basis points to 30.7%.
 When measured in U.S. dollars, our third quarter Vita reached $51 million, up 6.5% from $48 million in the same quarter a year ago, and sequentially.
 7th segment adjusted BTA margin contracted by 484 basis points to 29.5%
 mainly due to the impact of regular seasonality maintenance and winter energy costs coupled
 by a softer pricing dynamic, partially upset,
 by the Christian sex volume.
 On a per ton basis, a BTA remains at the top notch level of $30.
 Concrete adjusted the BTA increased 42 million pesos compared to per quarter 20 explained by a recovery in sales volume and a positive price performance
 performance, yet margins remain at negative 4.0%.
 Aggregate adjusted BTI improved sharply from negative 64 million pesos in FQ20 to 1 million
 pesos in FQ21, with margin of 0.3%, a better price in mix and volumes at weighted cost increase.
 Finally, Railway Adjusted BDA improved 34 million pesos to 1,000,000,000,000 pesos for the quarter.
 with margin expansion from 6.3% to 7.3%
 may be explained by character transported volume, positive product mix and good pricing performance.
 Moving on to the bottom line on slide 10 our profit before tax to that 2.6 billion pesos with the comparison to
 to ¾-20 affected by an extraordinary salt in such a quarter.
 Total final cost stood at 0.3 billion pesos in third quarter 21,
 compared to an net gain of 3.1 billion pesos in third quarter 20 due to an extraordinary
 resulting from an exchange gain of 3.1 billion pesos during that quarter.
 Gaydon Net Monitoring Position was 0.3 billion in FQ21 compared to 0.2 billion in FQ20.
 As a result, our net final expense increased by 79 million pesos to 0.3 billion pesos,
 compared to same quarter of last year,
 driven by lower effects depreciation effect compared
 to the evolution of inflation rate.
 Finally, during the quarter, we recognize
 non-cash impermanent of Sierra Valla's asset facility of 141 million pesos due to its obsolescence
 and the future higher efficient production scheme of LOMA.
 Moving on to the balance sheet, as you can see on the slide below.
 We ended the quarter with a cash position of 4.3 billion pesos and a total depth of 4.0 billion pesos.
 Consequently, our net depth to a VDA ratio stood at minus 0.02 times compared to 0.16
 times at the end of 2020.
 In Furcourt 21, we'll reduce our debt in 16 million US dollars.
 standing at 40 million, 83% of which is nominated in U.S. dollars.
 Additionally, as we continue with our third share repurchase program, we acquire share
 for a total amount of 600 million pesos in the quarter.
 Our operating cash generation stood at 5.4 billion pesos with a positive seasonal working capital effect.
 Regarding capital expenditures, we spent 1.5 billion pesos,
 very fixed of which were dedicated to La Malie expansion project as the second line is already
 delivery and cement, the capital requirements are almost completed.
 Now for our final remarks, I would like to hand out the call back to Sergio.
 Thank you, Marcos.
 Now, to finalize the presentation,
 At least a Q to turn to slide 13.
 To wrap up, I would like to highlight the strong evolution of the cement demand, with
 accumulate volume, anti-doctor,
 almost reaching industry record, even through respect
 this trend to continue in the forthcoming quarter.
 will remain caution for the medium term.
 as Argentine face macroeconomic and political challenges
 that could affect the evolution of the economic activity.
 regarding our new line at La Maline.
 We are glad about the advance in the project, as we are already delivering cement to the market.
 We are enthused with the preliminary results and expect to start seeing the operational
 efficient and economic benefit in future quarters.
 Furthermore, this additional capacity will allow us to minimize production in winter,
 avoiding the stationality-higher energy inputs and also reducing the need of solid fuel,
 that lead to a more environmental, friendly energy matrix.
 Natural gas will remind our mind source of thermal energy, giving us flexibility and a
 avoiding the hike in pet coke international price.
 We continue to work on analyzing alternatives for the near future to support a sustainable
 a growth path for Loma Negra.
 on the binten.
 by our highly efficient operation.
 standard and solid capital structure.
 Last but not least, I would like to thank all our people and stakeholders for the coming
 movements.
 Black Operational Excellence, without whom this set of solid results will have been much
 harder to achieve. We are now ready to take your question. Operator, please open the
 call for question.
 Thank you. We will now conduct a question and answer session.
 If you'd like to ask a question, please press star, then 1 on your telephone keypad.
 A confirmation tone will indicate that your line is in the question queue.
 You may press star, then two, if you would like to remove your line, but participants
 using speaker equipment.
 It may be necessary to pick up your handset prior to pressing the keys.
 Once again, star one on your telephone keypad.
 We would also like to ask that you please limit your questions to one question and one follow-up, please.
 If you have additional questions, you may re-enter the queue for those questions and they will be addressed.
 Please note that Mr. Sergio Faveman will be responding in Spanish, immediately following an English translation.
 Please hold momentarily while we assemble our roster.
 Our first question today comes from Alejandra Obregon with Morgan Stanley, please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning, Lomonega team. Thank you for taking my question. Congratulations on the results.
 I have two questions.
 I'll ask the first.
 I was just wondering if you can comment please on the different trends that you're seeing
 across the different verticals, residential, infrastructure,
 formal and informal housing. If you can help us understand how that's developing as we go into
 to 2022. Thank you.
 Because you may have yourself on mute
 Javier Alejandra, thank you for the question.
 Cuanto la tendencia para el próximo año estamos viendo niveles similares a los actuales
 con un poco de crecimiento.
 So regarding the trends for next year, we are observing similar levels with moderate growth.
 Los últimos veces estamos viendo muchos anuncios en obras de infraestructura que están próximos a salir y que todavía no están en marcha.
 In the last few months, we had observed some
 announces regarding infrastructure projects, which did not start yet.
 Con lo cual, para los próximos meses somos optimistas en cuanto a mantener lo que tiene que ver con consumo residencial.
 So, therefore, for the next month, we are optimistic regarding the housing demand, residential demand,
 y comenzar a salir algunos proyectos de infraestructuras que están siendo aprobados.
 and to start some infrastructure projects which has been approved to start ramping up in the next future.
 Thank you that that was very clear. I have another question if I may and this one is regarding the olavaria quarry
 I was just wondering if you can comment on whether the quarry is supplying limestone normally to Loma Negra
 And if you have seen any stop-up supply of our materials in the area or whether this
 this is just operating at a normal capacity.
 Thank you.
 El conflicto puntual de Aoma fue con nuestro proveedor de la cantera de Olavarría.
 The conflict in Olavarria with the OMA was through a supplier of us.
 It was regarding a small difference of criteria which has been solved already.
 It is not logical to think that there may be other conflicts, but the company is prepared
 para poder soportar esos tipos de conflictos sin tener impactos en la producción y en la
 venta.
 So it's not illogical to foresee similar conflicts,
 but the companies prefer to deal with this kind of conflict.
 beyond the stoppage of the oven for two or three days,
 no hemos perdido una tonelada de venta en ninguno de los conflictos que hemos tenido en
 So, besides the stop of our production for around three days, we did not have any other
 or in the lab area plan.
 Thank you very much. This was very clear.
 All right
 Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, there are no further questions.
 So this will conclude our question-and-answer session.
 I would like to turn the conference back over to Diego Hallone for closing remarks.
 Thank you for joining us today.
 We appreciate your participation
 and interest in our company.
 We look forward to meeting you again in our next call
 coming quarter. In the meantime, the team remains available to any questions that you
 may have.
 Thank you.
 The conference has now concluded.
 Thank you for attending today's presentation.
 You may know.
 The conference has now concluded.
 Thank you for attending today's presentation.
 You may now disconnect.