 Good morning and welcome to the Loma Negra third quarter 2021 conference call and webcast.
 All participants will be in listen-only mode.
 Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star key followed by zero.
 After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 Also, Mr. Sergio Feifman will be responding in Spanish immediately following an English translation.
 To ask your question, you may press star, then 1 on your telephone keypad.
 To withdraw your question, please press star, then 2.
 Please note that this event is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Diego Hallon, head of IR.
 Please, Diego, go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Good morning and welcome to LomaNegra's third quarter earnings conference call.
 By now, everyone should have access to our earnings press release
 and the presentation for today's call
 both of which were distributed yesterday after market close.
 Joining me on the call this morning will be Sergio Feifman, our CEO and Vice President of the Board of Directors, and our CFO, Marcos Radin.
 Both of them will be available for the Q&A session.
 Before I attend the call over to Sergio, I would like to make the following safe
 our statements.
 Today's call will contain forward-looking statements, and I refer you to the forward-looking statements section of our earnings release and recent filing with the SEC.
 We assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements
 to reflect new or change events or circumstances.
 This conference call will also include discussion on non-GAAP financial measures,
 the full reconciliation
 to the corresponding financial measures
 is included in the earnest press release.
 Now, I would like to turn the call over to Sergio.
 Thank you, Diego.
 Hello everyone and thank you for showing us today. As usual I'm going to mention
 a few highlights of the third quarter and then Marcos will read you through our market review and financial results.
 after that
 i will provide some final remark and then we will open the culture question as you could see from
 From our release used yesterday, we are pleased to share our third quarter results, where
 will observe solid
 demand in high historic figures, as we keep our core business margin at world-class level.
 We encourage that the strong momentum experience in cement sales
 since the start of the recovery in mid-2020.
 has reached level most equivalent of the tools seen in record in the three years.
 Our high-efficient production standard enabled us to delivery another robust quarter,
 despite the impact of the normalization of operation and the subsequent effect of regularly
 staccionality maintains cost
 and the higher energy input in our assortment EVTA margins.
 Despite these effects, when measured in U.S. dollar, our assessment EBITDA increased to 51 million.
 from 48 million in third quarter 2020,
 even improving the result from last quarter,
 keeping the US dollar per ton above 30 dollars.
 Finally, regarding the expansion project of La Mali, we are delivering cement to the market
 an already seen promising result from the first production budget.
 We expect to show its benefits in the coming quarters.
 I will now hand
 of the call to Marco Gradin
 who will view through our market review
 at Financial Result.
 Please, Marcos, go ahead.
 Thank you, Sergio. Good day, everyone.
 As you can see on slide 4, leaving behind the deep drops of GDP in 2020, we saw a sharp
 recovery in the second quarter and an improvement in 2021 GDP estimated growth
 reaching 8.3%. Construction activity measured by the ISAC also had a strong
 performance in recent months started to present a more moderate growth as third
 quarter to quarter 20 showed the start of the post-pandemic recovery. Regarding cement
 national industry sales that had kept on growing strongly, even above our previous expectation.
 consolidation. Consolidated in high figures with 10 months accumulated volumes almost
 reaching industry's year record, less than 1% down from the same period of
 2017. Although we do not see large private infrastructure project,
 bulk has recovered mostly on the back of smaller projects.
 So, when breaking down the consumption by dispatch mode, we observe figures in line with historical
 patterns.
 average.
 Certainly, the economy as a whole still faces different challenges, particularly on the
 macroeconomic outlook that may impact our future growth expectations turning on
 to slide 5 for a review of our
 top-line performance by segment. Consolidated revenues increase year and year by 8.5%, mainly
 reflecting the continuous recovery of the other segments more affected by the pandemic
 restriction and the growth of our core cement business.
 Cement, masonry cement and lime segment was up 2.4% with volumes expanding 8.4% with softer pricing dynamic.
 Concrete and aggregates show sharp revenues recovery of 117% and 47% year-on-year, respectively.
 as we mentioned before
 these segments
 suffer more
 deeply defects of the pandemic
 restrictions.
 In the case of concrete, volume expansion of 111% was underpinned by a positive price in recovering performance.
 Regarding aggregates, the segment volume was up 7.2%, boosted by a recovery in pricing and a positive pricing mix.
 Finally, railroad revenues increased by 25.4% in this quarter versus the same quarter in
 2020 as the higher transported volumes were coupled with a good pricing
 performance and a positive product mix.
 Moving on to slide 7.
 Consolidated gross profit for the quarter slightly decaying 0.1% year-on-year, with margin contracted by 222 basis points, mainly impacted by the demonization of seasonality costs and higher energy inputs.
 7 gross margin contracted by 577 basis points from 35.5% to 29.8%,
 with the comparison affected by regular add-on and maintenance costs this quarter
 against the third quarter of 2020 with a maintenance schedule affected by the pandemic restriction.
 We also experienced some pressure from seasonal energy charges, as winter production in 2020 was abnormally low due to the sharp drop in the month of last year.
 For the next year, the brand-new line built in La Mali plant will give us the flexibility to maximize production out of the winter months, avoiding higher energy charges.
 SG&A expenses as a percentage of revenues remain almost flat, decreasing by 5 basis points to 7.6% from 7.7%,
 by the YouTube God Illusion
 from Kyger Sails volume.
 Please turn to slide 8. Our adjusted EBITDA was down 9.1% in the quarter, reaching 4.7 billion pesos. We've consolidated EBITDA margin contracted by 512 basis points to 26.4%.
 mainly explained by a lower segment segment adjusted the BTA and the impact of the recovery
 of the other segment, which as they have lower margins,
 contributed negatively to the consolidated margin.
 In a 9-month basis adjusted BTA margin expanded 55 basis points to
 30.7%.
 When measured in U.S. dollars, our third quarter EBITDA reached 51 million dollars,
 Up 6.5% from 48 million in the same quarter a year ago, and sequentially.
 Seven-segment adjusted BTA margin contracted by 484 basis points to 29.5%,
 mainly due to the impact of regular seasonality, maintenance and winter energy costs,
 coupled by a softer pricing dynamic, partially offset by the increasing sales volume.
 In a per-tone basis, a BTR remains at a top-notch level of $30.
 Concrete adjusted EBITDA increased 42 million pesos compared to third quarter 20 explained
 by a recovery in sales volume and a positive bright performance, yet margins remain at
 at negative 4.0%.
 Subgregate adjusted EBTA improved sharply from negative 64 million pesos in third quarter
 20 to 1 million pesos in third quarter 21, with margin of 0.3% as better pricing mix
 and volumes at weighted cost increase. Finally, rail water jet LBDA improved 34 million pesos
 110 million pesos for the quarter, with margin expansion from 6.3% to 7.3%,
 made explained by higher transported volume, positive product mix, and good pricing performance.
 Moving on to the bottom line on slide 10.
 our profit before tax
 to that 2.6 billion pesos
 with the comparison to third quarter 20 affected by an extraordinary result in such quarter.
 Total finance cost stood at 0.3 billion pesos in third quarter 21, compared to a net gain of 3.1 billion pesos in third quarter 20, due to an extraordinary result in foreign exchange gain of 3.1 billion pesos during that quarter.
 Gain on net monetary position was 0.3 billion in FQ21 compared to 0.2 billion in FQ20.
 as a result
 our net final expense increased by 79 million pesos to 0.3 billion pesos
 compared to same quarter of last year, driven by lower effects depreciation effect,
 compared to the evolution of the inflation rate.
 Finally, during the quarter, we recognize a non-cash impairment of Sierras Valle's asset facility of 131 million pesos due to its obsolescence and the future higher efficient production scheme of LOMA.
 Moving on to the balance sheet, as you can see on slide 11, we ended the quarter with a cash position of 4.3 billion pesos and a total debt of 4.0 billion pesos.
 Consequently, our net debt to EBITDA ratio stood at minus 0.02 times compared to 0.16 times at the end of 2020.
 In third quarter, 21, we'll reduce our debt in 16 million US dollars,
 standing at 40 million, 83% of which is denominated in U.S. dollars.
 Additionally, as we continue with our third share repurchase program, we acquire share for a total amount of 600 million pesos in the quarter.
 Our operating cash generation stood at 5.4 billion pesos with a positive seasonal working capital effect.
 Regarding capital expenditures, we spent 1.5 billion pesos,
 of which were dedicated to La Marie expansion project.
 As the second line is already delivered in cement, the capital requirements are almost completed.
 Now for our final remarks, I would like to handle the call back to Sergio.
 Thank you, Marcos.
 Now, to finalize the presentation, I please ask you to turn to slide 13.
 To wrap up, I would like to highlight the strong evolution of the cement demand with
 accumulate volume until October
 almost reaching industry record.
 Even through, we expect this trend to continue in the fourth coming quarter.
 We remain caution through the medium term, as Argentines face macroeconomic and political challenges that could affect the evolution of the economic activity.
 Regarding our new line at La Mali, we are glad about the advance in the project as we are already delivering cement to the market.
 We are enthusiastic with the preliminary results and expect to start seeing the operational
 efficiency and economic benefit
 in future quarters.
 Furthermore, this additional capacity will allow us to minimize production in winter, avoiding the sationality higher energy inputs and also reducing the need of solid fuel that leads to a more environmental friendly energy matrix.
 Natural gas will remain our main source of thermal energy,
 giving us flexibility and avoiding the hike in Petcoque International Prize.
 We continue to work analyzing alternatives for the near future to support a sustainable growth path for Loma Negra, underpinned by our highly efficient operation, standard and solid capital structure.
 Last but not least, I would like to thank all our people and stakeholders for the commitments to Loma Negra operational excellence, without whom this set of solid results would have been much harder to achieve.
 We are now ready to take your question.
 Operator, please open the call for question.
 Thank you. We will now conduct a question-and-answer session.
 If you would like to ask a question, please press star, then 1 on your telephone keypad.
 A confirmation tone will indicate that your line is in the question queue.
 You may press star, then 2, if you would like to remove your line.
 For participants using speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset prior to pressing the keys.
 Once again, star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 We would also like to ask that you please limit your questions to one question and one follow-up, please.
 If you have additional questions, you may re-enter the queue for those questions, and they will be addressed.
 Please note that Mr. Sergio Faifman will be responding in Spanish immediately following an English translation.
 Please hold momentarily while we assemble our roster.
 First question today comes from Alejandra Obregón with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead
 Hi, good morning, Loma Negatim. Thank you for taking my question. Congratulations on the results.
 I have two questions.
 I'll ask the first.
 I was just wondering if you can comment, please, on the different trends that you're seeing across the different verticals, residential, infrastructure, formal and informal housing.
 if you can help us understand how that's developing
 as we go into 2022.
 Thank you.
 Because you may have yourself on mute.
 Javi, Alejandra, thank you for the question.
 En cuanto a la tendencia
 para el próximo año
 estamos viendo niveles similares
 a los actuales con un poco de crecimiento.
 So regarding the trends for next year, we are observing similar levels with moderate growth.
 The last few weeks we have seen many reports of infrastructure
 están próximos a salir
 in the last few months we had observed some announcements regarding infrastructure projects
 which did not start yet.
 Con lo cual, para los próximos meses, somos optimistas en cuanto a mantener lo que tiene que ver con consumo residencial.
 Therefore, for the next month, we are optimistic regarding the housing demand, residential demand.
 and to start some infrastructure projects
 which has been approved to start ramping up in the next future.
 Thank you. That was very clear. I have another question, if I may, and this one is regarding the Olavarría Quarry.
 I was just wondering if you can comment on whether the quarry is supplying limestone normally to Loma Negra,
 and if you have seen any stop of supply of our materials in the area
 or whether this is just operating at a normal capacity.
 Thank you.
 The conflict of Ahoma was with our owner of Olavarría.
 So, the conflict in Olavarría with the OMA was through a supplier of us.
 Fueron por unas diferencias menores de criterios, los cuales fueron solucionados?
 It was regarding a small difference of criteria which has been solved already.
 No es ilógico pensar que pueda haber otros conflictos, pero la compañía está preparada
 para poder soportar esos tipos de conflictos
 sin tener impactos en la producción y en la venta?
 So it's not illogical to foresee similar conflicts,
 but the company is prepared to deal with this kind of conflicts.
 Más allá de la parada de los hornos por dos o tres días,
 no hemos perdido una tonelada de venta
 in any of the conflicts we've had in Olavarría.
 So besides the stop of our production for around three days, we did not have any other
 impact on the La Barria plan.
 Thank you very much. This was very clear.
 I'll wait.
 Ladies and gentlemen, at this time, there are no further questions, so this will conclude our question and answer session.
 I would like to turn the conference back over to Diego Hallon for closing remarks.
 Thank you for joining us today.
 We appreciate your participation and interest in our company.
 We look forward to meeting you again in our next call the coming quarter.
 In the meantime, the team remains available to any questions that you may have.
 Thank you.
 The conference has now concluded.
 Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.
 The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.
 Act.