 to page four. If we look at the results, it was a little bit of a noisy fourth quarter
 if you want to reliance data due to expiry.
 not only did we have more miles, air miles,
 redeemed and expected to do the heavy media attention to the issue, but also had a new
 law enacted in Ontario, Canada, which forced a one-time charge.
 Remove the noise, though, and it was a terrific 2016.
 Let's start with Proforma Revenue of $7.4 billion.
 of 15% from 2015.
 We estimate that elevated redemption activity in Q4 added about 175 million R3 points of
 growth to 2016.
 essentially air miles that would have redeemed in 2017
 were instead redeemed in 2016 ahead of the expiry,
 creating a pull forward of revenue recognition it's 2016.
 Adjusting for that, revenue is approximately 7.2 billion,
 up 12% inconsistent with the guidance.
 Core EPS was $16.92, up 12% from 2015,
 and two cents better than guidance.
 In calculating core EPS, we added back the 242 million
 related to the elimination expiry,
 but not the full breakage reset.
 Let's turn over and talk about little T1.
 Adjusting the breakage reset and revenue
 pull forward out of the numbers.
 we estimate that revenue, and adjusted IPDA for loyalty one,
 both increased about 4% for 2016.
 Let's begin with brand loyalty which had a terrific year with high single-digit growth
 in both Reven and adjusted EBITDA.
 Expansion efforts in Canada continue to exceed expectations and the U.S. market could be
 growth driver in 2017, based upon early pilot successes.
 air miles, it was tumultuous to hear with all the publicity surrounding the upcoming miles
 expiration date.
 Air miles issued increased 1% for 2016.
 below our expectations for about three percent
 and sponsored promotions dropped in Q4
 as there was simply too much noise in Canada to be effective.
 We believe issuance growth will return to 3% range in 2017.
 In addition, we reduced the breakage rate
 for the AirMiles Dream Program from 26% to 20% at the end of 2016.
 The first 1.5-point reset resulted from higher than expected Q4 redeeming activity.
 This is a normal change in accounting estimate and is reflected in our operating results.
 However, the second four and a half point reset is different and that it was driven by the
 the enactment of a new law, a one-time event.
 Thus, we edited it back for adjusted IBDAW and core EPS
 purposes.
 Flipping over to Epsilon, it was a disappointing year for Epsilon.
 is revenue increased, 1% will adjust the EBITDA decreased 6%, both substantially less than
 or a 5% growth of expectations per 16.
 breaking down revenue by key offering.
 Let's start with the good.
 Collectively Auto, CRM, Affiliate, and DataGrew Revenue,
 double digits compared to 2015.
 In addition, after a slow start to 2016,
 due to the pullback of a large client.
 agency's growth rate turned positive in the back-up of the year.
 That's now shipped to the problem, Charles.
 acknowledge your platform growth turn negative mid-year due to some client
 attention, attrition, and attention, in addition to the non-core offering, essentially the
 old value click business was a consistent issue all year as we endeavored to pivot it
 to
 and more of a data-driven solution.
 This offering alone was a three-point drag to Epsilon to revenue growth.
 Turning to adjusted EBITDA we start off here in a big hole down 22% Q1 by significantly lowering our expense base
 we cut that to a minus 9% in Q2, turn to flat in Q3,
 and then up 3% in Q4.
 We believe that our lower-expense base will enable us to be more price competitive on
 on certain product offerings going forward.
 Now flip over to card services on page seven.
 It was another stellar year for Card Services,
 with 24% growth in revenue and 14% growth
 in adjusted EBITDA net.
 despite over a two hundred million dollar bill
 and allowance for loan losses.
 Credit sales increased 16% for the fourth quarter and 18% for the year.
 Both in core credit sales, which are pre-2013 programs, with flat for Q4 and up 4% for the
 year, driven by tentature gains of about 150 basis points.
 The growth in the core weakened as the year progressed as comfortable cells growth turned
 negative at several of our large, apparel-focused clients.
 Gross yields after being downed in Q1 through Q3 due to cart holder changes made to the
 program in 2015.
 It's stabilized and increased slightly in the fourth quarter of 2016.
 We believe that these changes have fully burned in at this point.
 We continue to achieve operating leverage, operating expenses up 21% compared to revenue
 growth at 24% for 2016. As a percentage of average car receivables offer an
 expenses decreased 50 basis points compared to 2015.
 Average receivables growth remains robust at 24% for 2016.
 load over the course of 2016 due to softness and coarse
 spending as discussed before, resulting in ending card receivables growth of about 20%.
 The principal loss rate was 5.1% for 2016, just slightly higher than original guidance,
 primarily due to this low in receivables growth rate.
 This creates what we call the denominator effect.
 Importantly, loss has continued to track in line with our delinquency expectations for
 2017 as we show in the wedge. With that I will turn it over to Ed. Great. Thanks
 Charles, if you will turn to slide nine, where it says 2016 wrap up, a couple things we want
 walk you through. There's a couple of moving pieces here with the noise from the Canadian
 business following right there with you.
 I do. I think yields should be stable.
 could be a little bit of positivity to a base upon the trends we're seeing.
 But I basically think what's happened to Andrew is some of the changes we've made in its 15
 seeing that what we consider cardholder friendly had burned in, and now I would expect them
 to be stable, to maybe slightly increasing going forward.
 So M&A is something we always consider,
 I'll tell you right now, we don't really see anything
 it's pressing force in 17.
 What that means is we have a 500 million authorized share
 purchase plan. That will be our top priority. As Ed talked about before, it could be best
 used early in 2017, which we think will happen as the year
 progresses if we don't see any further M&A opportunity, we could increase the
 buyback and be even more active.
 What I would say, Bob, from a free cash flow standpoint,
 expected to be up 7 to 10 percent and 17 over 16. Again, we'll have money we're
 keeping back at the banks, but with a little bit of slowing growth and they are that will
 will diminish a little bit.
 So what that means is free cash flow at the whole cow
 will be up a little bit.
 year over year that enables us to be more active with the buyback.
 We consider the $500 million in terms of guidance.
 the credit and your confidence.
 Yeah, sure.
 I mean, you know, I think having been in it for 25 years, we were pretty good at looking
 advantages and seeing what flows there, and so what we do every year is, or throughout
 the year is we will go client by client which is 155 different portfolios and within those
 clients vintage by vintage and we will look at every single vintage and see how they're
 performing, and again, what has happened is you have a certain band of credit that you
 cater to and coming out of the great recession, we had people who were signing up for the
 the card who were at the very high end. As the recovery continued and people repaired
 their credit. We had more and more people come into the allowable band and that sort
 of what causes that normalization.
 And again, as I tell a lot of folks, we are returning to a level that is comfortable for
 for us.
 like things are getting worse, if things are, the consumer is fine, it's just, we're, we're
 We're normalizing out at a level that will help us optimize our earnings and tend to
 share going forward. So it's the bottoms up, vintage by vintage, portfolio by
 portfolio client by client look and you know a year ago we had a strong
 conviction that this would be sort of a year and a half to your cycle to normalize, we're
 We're past the first 12 months.
 Now we can see it in terms of the delinquency flows.
 We can see it's the stuff normalizing as we look out six months.
 So now the guesswork is kind of out of it.
 And now it's just a question of, let's get the next six months out of the way.
 and we're fully normalized.
 I think that's very possible, Sanjay.
 Okay.