 Thank you, Mike.
 Thanks, Alicia. Hello, everyone.
 I'm pleased to announce that the Agilent team started 2017 with another strong quarter.
 First, we continue to deliver above market growth.
 Revenues of $1.07 billion exceeded the high end of November's guidance by $7 million and
 We have a rough 4.8% on the core basis.
 dig deeper into details behind strong performance later in the call. Second, our
 Our adjustment EPS of 53 cents per quarter is 3 cents above the high end of our guidance.
 Adjusted EPS is up 15% over the first quarter of last year.
 Finally, this is our eighth quarter in a row of improving profitability.
 operating margin of 21.2% is up 100 basis points from Q1 of fiscal 2016.
 Let me now highlight the drivers behind our
 stronger than expected revenue growth.
 First, we are seeing some segments of the chemical energy business growing again.
 Second.
 Okay.
 growth in China is a bit higher than expected.
 Let's take a closer look at our results by end market and business group. I'll start first with the end markets
 Growth of farm is up 7% is expected against a tough compare
 Growth is being led by a continued strong demand across the entire portfolio.
 The pharma...
 business is particularly strong in China and India.
 After seven quarters of year-of-year declines, we see chemical companies beginning to increase their purchases.
 However, our energy exploration and refining business remains challenged.
 This results in overall 3% growth for our chemical and energy business.
 Diagnostic markets are strong with revenue up 8% year over year.
 Pro-Trivers include our companion diagnostics and cross-lab businesses.
 As expected, that could even govern us down 1% for the quarter with sustained type funding
 across most regions.
 Our food testing business is up 11% driven by China.
 Environmental and forensic revenues are down 1% for the quarter, with strong China environmental
 growth being all set by weak US friends expending. Let's talk about China a major
 a major part of the story as you heard today.
 geographically Asia
 Driven by China continues to lead regional growth.
 Coming into 2017, we expected China to go in the low double-digit range for the year.
 We expect the Q1 growth rate to be lower than the full year because of the Lunar New Year
 fall on our fiscal Q1. However, we end up delivering low double-digit growth in Q1 above
 of our expectations.
 The Americas were up in mid-single digits
 with strengthening United States.
 Europe and Japan are flat.
 Let's turn to our business groups.
 The Life Science and Applied Markets Group delivered core revenue growth of 4% with end
 market strength in pharma, food, and chemical energy.
 innovative new offerings such as the FNID 2 LC series
 and the Aslin 8900 ICPMS a driving bro.
 Industry trade publication, the analytical scientists also recognize our innovation
 strength.
 They named the Agilent Tuvo 9000 GC system as 2016's number one innovation of the year.
 The Agilent Cross Lab group continues consistently strong performance with 7% growth in the quarter.
 Growth is healthy across both services and consumables.
 We are for...
 focused on future growth.
 In November, we announced the opening of a new technology
 Center in Folsom, California.
 This new $14 million facility reflects our investment in new microphotic technology.
 This state-of-the-art micro fabrication and technology facility is for the development
 and manufacturer of a whole new generation of unique core
 instrument components, and consumables for our customers.
 the new and 209,000 GC components and associate supplies
 are the first example of this new capability now housed
 with an island.
 We are relentlessly focused on our cuspers.
 We are now the first in the industry to allow customers to renew their service contracts
 online.
 E-Renewal's program was just introduced in the United States with other regions to follow.
 Finally, the diagnostic and genomics group continued to deliver solid growth.
 DGG had core revenue growth of 4% in Q1.
 Well, continue to drive improvements in the operating margin.
 The group delivered operating margin of 14.3% for the quarter.
 up 470 basis points from a year ago.
 Q1 marks several key milestones for our DGG business.
 This quarter marked the successful integration of the former DACO business onto Agilent system
 and infrastructure platform.
 We close the acquisition of Multicom, a leading European diagnostics company with state-of-the-art
 and genetic testing technology in products.
 and also call the solution today about clinical lab
 to identify DNA variants of socio-genetic disease
 and help direct cancer therapy.
 With this acquisition, along with the Cartagena acquisition in 2015, we continue to expand
 our genomics platform.
 launched Cartagena Bench Lab 5.0.
 This is a major software revision,
 everybody, your capabilities to the platform of choice
 for high throughput diagnostics labs
 to help them validate and automate the results.
 You may recall we developed in concert with Merck, the PDOL companion diagnostic for Merck's
 Please stay true to the drug.
 The use of this companion diagnostic
 continues to grow as Ketuda has become a first-line treatment for non-small cell on
 cancer in a growing number of geographies, now including Europe.
 Our test helps identify potential candidates for Merck's Ketrudo drug, which targets patients
 with non-small cell lung cancer.
 Turning to our updated FY17 market and company outlook.
 We were quite pleased with how the company started 2017.
 Still early in the year, the Q1 resolved in China,
 and some segments of the chemical energy markets
 are encouraging.
 We do see continued challenging conditions,
 in the academia and government market in most geographies
 as well as the global energy segment
 of the chemical energy market.
 We also anticipate continued weak economic conditions
 in Europe and Japan.
 These cautions aside, we are encouraged
 by the company's growth prospects
 and a raise our full year core revenue growth expectations.
 DDA will share the details.
 Before I turn the call over to DDA, let me close by making a few comments on where we
 have come from and where we are going. Our leadership team that was put in
 place almost 24 months ago is delivered on our promised increased shareholder value.
 You're outgrowing the market and sometimes challenging
 economic circumstances.
 For eight quarters in a row, we have delivered improved profitability.
 We are deploying our capital in a balanced manner with Q1 stock repurchase of $111 million,
 cash dividends of $42 million and a $70 million set aside for the multiple-com acquisition.
 building momentum, we are facing the future with confidence. We have a deep commitment
 to customers, a strong team, and a belief that we can deliver a superior customer experience
 and exceptional innovative new offerings.
 I look forward to answering your questions later in the call.
 And I will now hand off the DDA.
 DDA will provide additional sites on our Q1 results and updated guidance.
 DDA?
 Paul, I'm going to start off with a good afternoon from California, and I'm going to pass it over to DDA.
 Yeah, you're correct.
 Actually, I'd say the flow, and again, I just want to clarify.
 I hope it came through clear of my remarks.
 It really was the chemical side of the chemical energy, and we saw the order flow consistent
 It's a wrap, it's a wrap.
 So I'd say in China, what we saw from an end market perspective, it was strong across
 all in markets with the one exception being the chemical energy.
 So we saw good growth across all the end markets in China.
 I also would wanna make a comment here
 about the impact of Lunar New Year.
 You may recall in our guide discussion in last call,
 We talked about the fact that the Lunar New Year fell for us here in our fiscal Q1.
 Well, it turned out that it did have an impact on report of revenue, but not as much as we
 we had it predicted.
 It didn't have the impact on our recurring revenue business
 such as DGG and service and consumers,
 But on the instrument side, it's fairly limited.
 as our order fulfillment team did a great job
 of converting those orders into revenue much earlier
 in the quarter.
 but I'd say we really were pleased overall
 by the performance in China.
 It looks like we're off to a good start there.
 and good solid growth across almost all the end markets.
 And if you would mind, could you repeat the second part,
 The second question for me.
 Yeah, so I'd say there's really no momentum
 in academia and government right now.
 we're still seeing fairly subdued levels
 and constraint levels of funding.
 There's almost sort of a wait and see kind of attitude we're seeing some of the agencies
 is here, for example, in the United States.
 Pharma continues to form quite strongly.
 As you know, we talked about, as we came into 17,
 We expect a continued strong demand of farmers, though the growth rates would come down as
 we ran into some top compares, so pharma is really a development just as we thought coming
 in the 17, no surprises there.
 And then I would say the one surprise that we had in Q1
 was the fact that we finally saw some signs of growth
 in the chemical side of the chemical energy market
 in the first quarter.
 Yeah, so I'm gonna pass on the first question
 since we stopped our reporting on orders a while back,
 But what I can tell you is we have good visibility going forward from,
 I'd say the three to six month time frame.
 So that's typically how we can see our sales funnel.
 And then two-thirds of our revenue in the coming quarter,
 or perhaps can come from the existing backlog.
 So we have pretty good visibility, I'd say,
 in a three to six month time frame in terms of the order funnel.
 But as you'll hear me talk a little bit later, I'm sure it'll come up in the Q&A as although
 we are really pleased to see the return of growth
 in the chemical side of the Kellen energy market.
 I don't think one quarter is a trend yet.
 So we're still gonna be keeping a close eye on that one.
 Hey, Derek.
 How would I repeat the question, DDA?
 We had a little bit of trouble here, and then I'll have you answer it.
 So I did the question with Derrick, because it looks like we brought down the operating
 margin guy by about 0.10% and he was wondering if that was really driven by FX so there's
 any other considerations, would be great.
 Yeah, Derek, I really appreciate the opportunity
 to talk about that as I highlighted in my conference call.
 We're also getting some nice external recognition,
 but what's most important is what customers are saying
 about the product and we got a lot of excitement
 our customer base.
 Now, as you know, we had indicated earlier, the cell cycle here is going to be a little
 bit longer because the customers are going to want to check out the product.
 So we placed a large number of demo units,
 the orders are starting to come in,
 but I'd say it's really, we're still early in the,
 regarding the ramp of the volume.
 So we're really delighted by how the cuspers are perceiving
 a new offering.
 The surprise for us, I have to say, has been, well, we've been calling the halo effect,
 which is, we're also seeing a lot of interest
 in our other GC platforms in particular, the 7890,
 where we're out talking with customers
 are new in Tuva GC and they're showing some interest for certain other applications for
 So it's, if you will, a halo effect, I think both speak positively about the future for
 our prospects in gas chromatography.
 I would also say that in addition to the chemical customers,
 Those customers, particularly contract testing labs
 in an environmental testing lab,
 really like the value proposition of the intuvo tied
 and the mass spec for the productivity gains.
 So, as a reminder, we think about 60% of the time.
 of the application space can be covered by this platform.
 It goes beyond the chemical side.
 So I was just down in Australia talking with one of our contract testing labs, and they
 really like the productivity benefits that they see with the product.
 We were able to call a material impact on our revenue,
 but the early interest by customers is really quite, quite good.
 Thanks, good afternoon.
 Great question, Brandon. So I have to say it's been a while from my calendar map that looks like seven quarters.
 It was great to finally see a return to growth on the instrument side and the chemical energy
 side.
 Again, it's just one quarter,
 so we're trying to get too far ahead of ourselves,
 but it was an encouraging sight after almost two years
 of declines of instrument sales in this segment.
 I think we're really looking at the back half of this year
 for when we'll start to be talking more about intubo ramping in terms of the
 Revenue, again, of course, we indicated this last year,
 So this is going to be a slower ramp than typically a direct replacement product because
 of the need to try it out, it's so different, but our view is it'll start, we'll be talking
 more about revenue impact probably in the second half of this year.
 Great.
 Thanks for that question.
 I'll make a few opening comments and I'll pass it over to Jacob for some additional
 detail, but as those on the call probably recall that this was an equity investment we made
 into a company in Houston, Texas, and the idea here is to be able to complete our development
 of an integrated workflow for the clinical diagnostics market, and part of the provision
 is a call option, which we have in front of us.
 And I think Jacob, perhaps you could remind everybody
 the timing and how you think we're going to come in so far.
 He never lets us spend money before we have to.
 You're welcome.
 and then get things like that.
 as I could appreciate the opportunity to clarify remarks.
 So I think the reason we've been able to have this ability to continue to, from our perspective,
 of Outgrowth, the average of our peers is the strength of our new offerings.
 So, it's very clear by our growth rates,
 And as we look at some of the solid data, particularly
 on the Life Sciences and Applied Markets group side,
 that we can see where we're picking up
 a couple of market share.
 That's why I highlighted in my remarks, you know,
 the value contribution, if you will, on the new offering.
 So we think we're picking up shares.
 I think that's when we look at our guide,
 We're above what our peers are talking about relative to core revenue growth.
 I would tell you, if you're thinking about Upside for the company, I think it really
 hinges on chemical energy.
 and let me share with you our thinking
 as we've put together the guide, particularly
 for the second quarter.
 perhaps I'll already tip my hand here, but we said, okay,
 We were encouraged by the fact that the chemical side of the market of that segment is growing
 which by, as a reminder, is about 50% of the total.
 We're encouraged by this time because it lists in one quarter is not a trend, so right now
 we're...
 we're going to do, we're assuming kind of flat-ish overall growth in our Q2 guide, what
 What that means is if there's some growth there, that would represent some upside to
 to our current guide.
 So I think that's one macro factor
 that could help us on the top line.
 if in fact this return of growth is sustained.
 But I would want to reemphasize the fact that we think these new offerings are really making
 and difference in the marketplace and allow us to pick up some.
 Yeah, let me make a few comments here.
 Jacob, if I miss anything, feel free to chime in here.
 So we had focused on the integration of the former DACA
 on the Agilent, mainly as a cost integration savings
 and the simplification of the platform.
 And as you know, when I came into this role, I thought I really needed to integrate the
 business and we've been on a pretty aggressive path since then, but the real benefit is exactly
 what you described, which is the ability for us to have an integrated reach to the customers
 where we can have one commercial interaction with the customer.
 and now we're able to integrate our sales forces
 and have a combined sell of portfolios.
 So, without going into a lot of the details inside the company,
 We really weren't able to leverage the full power of our self-force, which where we combined
 genomics and diagnostics of Salesforce. Until now, when we have them on the same systems
 for Revenue Recognition and Commission Payne.
 So check on anything else you might wanna add to that.
 Yeah, so I'm gonna make some lovely comments
 and then Jacob will allow you to provide the more lengthy response this time.
 So the overall theme here is we continue to try to build out our genomics portfolio, particularly
 as it focuses in the clinical research and optimally
 into the routine diagnostic segment.
 And I want to just describe for the audience why we bought the company, what we're hoping
 to be doing.
 Do you want to take that one?
 You over here.
 And, uh, D.D.
 The Americans may have finished the story in a few comments in LSAG as well, so on the
 the instrument side, we've obviously benefited from the growth, but also, as we've mentioned
 in prior...
 our cause.
 initiatives underway in our order fulfillment team really focusing on improving the growth
 and I think we're starting to see some of the impact of those efforts on the instrumentation
 side of our business.
 We've been pretty consistent in our view.
 We think it's going to be mid to high single digits.
 So we would expect our ability to sustain growth rates
 kind of in this area throughout the year.
 So the first quarter, you're right,
 and appreciate the recognition that, you know,
 We had really stellar growth, the Q1 of last year,
 So we were pleased that how the numbers are coming in.
 And I'd say BDA would probably expect some kind of similar
 patterns through the year.
 Yeah, and it's...
 Yeah, we remained fairly conservative on our outlook on Europe in general.
 I think we're basically assuming flat.
 not a lot of growth at all in Europe.
 I think the, you know, it varies a bit by end market.
 I think the most subdued are those that are the recipients of the government funding.
 So the government funding side of the European market is really, really quite, quite soft
 as well as the chemical energy market.
 and I haven't really talked about this yet in the call,
 but the U.S. and European refineries
 they're really under a lot of margin pressure
 and they're getting new competition coming in
 from the U.S. shale gas producers who now can produce alternatives with effing to the
 And that's a product to come off a crude refiner.
 So I think the chemical energy guys
 are still quite, quite cautious.
 I think the bright spots are probably the pharma and food
 testing side, you know, those areas of investment
 tied directly to the human health investments of those.
 Okay.
 But overall, we're fairly subdued on Europe as of now.
 Thank you.
 Thanks for the question.
 I really appreciate the opportunity to talk a bit more about this.
 So just again, for the audience,
 We talk about our chemical energy business.
 We talked about it in three primary segments, 15%
 exploration-related 35% and refining-related so about half in what I would say energy and
 than about 50% on the chemical side.
 So that 50% of the chemical side grew in the first quarter.
 Energy did not.
 and I think it's pretty well publicized
 that the exploration side still remains fairly subdued.
 Again, there's interest coming from customers in the text creation side, but we really haven't
 seen it yet turned into revenue. I think the real interesting thing is what's going on
 with the refineries, because it's sort of a mixed story here, because the U.S. and European
 and refiners.
 profits continue to be quite slim. I think in 2016, they're about the half of the level
 of 2015 and what's going on here really are flat demand and as I mentioned earlier increased
 competition for natural gas alternatives.
 These guys continue to relentlessly manage CAPEX and OPEX expending.
 Hopefully, that will translate into an interest in our new offerings, which gives them a cost
 So that's why we talk a lot about the Intuvo and Intuvo GC and what it might do this segment.
 The Asia refining side is a little bit different, which is they're actually adding capacity.
 So there's a number of projects that are still set to come online in 17 and 18, which could
 lead to some new demand.
 I wouldn't use the word conservative.
 I would use the word, perhaps, prudent.
 So what we're saying is one quarter is not yet a trend,
 but I would be very forthright to say,
 This would represent upside to our guide
 if this growth rate continues in this segment.
 Yeah, that's a great question, and you have the numbers right, so when we look at the install
 base of instrumentation, it's well in excess of $150,000.
 So a huge adjustable market for us.
 So, you know, that's why we've had a lot of excitement
 about the offering.
 I think this is a multi-year upgrade cycle,
 And I think, you know, I've put three to five years,
 four to five years is probably a good number.
 You know, give it our experience in the LC side.
 No, not really, Tycho.
 The numbers kind of bounce around a bit depending on
 in a quarter to quarter, but we really didn't see any,
 anything significantly different
 in terms of our competitive position.
 I think today this has been a matter of time and a business closing, so Dede, I don't know
 I don't know if we really saw anything.
 You're quite welcome.
 Not really, you know, the seasonality of our business in Q1
 and Q1 was very consistent with historical patterns,
 So, nothing really unusual.
 Typically we see a lot of activity from a shipment and order bookings in December for
 the calendar year and money and, you know, the patterns for what we've seen in prior years.
 Thank you benefiting there in terms of an you know applications wise. Yeah, thanks for the opportunity to provide some more insights here
 So, I think there's a macro statement above all three of those market segments which are specific government policies are driving sustain growth in China.
 The CFDA is focusing on really changing the fundamentals of the Chinese pharma industry
 and the Chinese pharma companies
 are investing aggressively to adhere to the new rules.
 Lots going on in terms of the environmental cleanup efforts consistent with the China
 a five-year plan.
 There's been a lot of more publicized work
 around lead and water, for example.
 So I'd say the focus in China both,
 both in terms of water, soil, and air analysis is really going well.
 I think I may have mentioned this in the prior call, but the real step up has been in the
 area of soil analysis for remediation of construction areas, and then, finally, the growth in food
 safety continues so I really think it's the government policies across those
 those three segments are really driving a very strong growth for us in China.
 I think you should just think about this as sort of the nature of the beast, at least
 this space.
 Okay.
 In particular, United States tend to be very lumpy with lots of big deals, so this will
 We had some big deals last year.
 We didn't have them this year.
 So we're not seeing anything fundamentally different
 in terms of the funding levels in the United States
 There does seem to be some level of wait and see to figure out, people are trying to figure
 We're all the new government policies might land here in 2017, but I wouldn't read too
 much into the first quarter number.
 Our view was just a byproduct of the timing of deal activities.
 You're quite welcome.
 We've been waiting for that one.
 Yeah, all right.
 Sure, Tim.
 I'm going to pass over to DDA.
 He's done some high-level analysis on how we think about it.
 So, good job.
 I'm Ryan.
 Yes.
 Hi.
 Yeah, you have a great recollection of the progression of the agencies in China because
 As you know, a couple of years ago, we were pointing to a slowdown in this area because
 of the reorganization.
 So I'd say we're probably still in the early innings of this,
 So if you follow the typical five-year plan,
 this is the area of focus.
 So, I think we're probably in the early,
 still in the early innings of the growth in the food area.
 I think it's primarily food safety,
 But I'll tell you, what is growing very quickly is the food
 authenticity, we're looking for various forms of counterfeiting of products that may be
 trying to find their way into the market.
 So, it's still being driven by food safety,
 but the authenticity side of things
 is really growing quite, quite strongly.
 both from a government customs perspective,
 but also our private sector clients
 I also want to ensure some testing is done.
 Excuse me, Jonathan.
 I had a little bit of difficulty hearing the question.
 It's an important part of Jacob's genomics business, but we don't pry the level detail
 outside the company, sorry.
 But it's a nice business for us, I'd say, at the moment.
 Yes, I think you're referring to Gen 9 investment, and Gen 9 has been purchased by Ginkgo and
 and Agilent was a sheriff holder in Gen 9.
 Overall, we think there's aspects of the synthetic biology
 market that are going to be quite strong in terms of growth.
 A lot of tools, you know, this out there was some of our customers in the Bay Area, for
 for example, as well as Ganko, so they're using our tools.
 Not clear to me, though, whether companies
 be able to build a sustainable business around R&D services in Senbio and that's why we went
 in a different direction in terms of our view of Gen 9.
 And Jacob, anything else you got?
 Yeah, that's right.
 Okay, thanks.
 Okay, thanks. All right. Thanks a lot, John.