 Hello, everyone. Thank you so much for joining us today.
 We'll be back to LG Display 2021 4th.
 Conference Call을 시작하겠습니다.
 LZD스플레이의 발표가 있은 후 참석해주신 여러분을 모시고 질의응답 시간을 가질 예정입니다.
 The question is, please press the button and press the button and press the button.
 그럼 지금부터 LG 디스플레이의 발표가 있겠습니다.
 Good morning and good evening.
 First of all, thank you all for joining this conference call.
 And now, we'll begin the conference of the fiscal year 2021 for the quarter earnings results
 by LG Display.
 this conference will start with a presentation followed by a divisional
 Q&A session.
 if you have a question please press star 1 that is starting one on your phone
 during the Q&A.
 Now, we shall commence the presentation on the Fiscal Year 2021 Fourth Quarter Earnings
 results by LG Display.
 Hello, my name is LG Display IRC, Mr. Hasek.
 Good morning. This is Brian Ho in charge of LG Displays IR.
 On behalf of the company, let me thank all the participants at this conference call.
 Today conference call is CFO 김성현 전무,
 I'm Kim Ion-Job.
 Business Intelligence,
 이기영 담당,
 대형 마케팅 이태종 담당,
 중소형 마케팅 권재영 상무,
 오토 마케팅 송기현 상무가 함께 참석하였습니다.
 Today, I'm joined by the CFO 성현 김,
 Hee Eun Kim, Senior Vice President of Corporate Strategy Group
 Seung Min Im, Vice President of Corporate Planning.
 Ki Yong-hee, in charge of business intelligence, Daniel Lee, in charge of business intelligence,
 in charge of large display marketing,
 Jae-young Kwon, Vice President of Medium Small Display Marketing,
 and Ki-Han Son, Vice President of Auto Marketing.
 Thank you very much.
 as well as the support of the IR platform.
 The conference call will be conducted in both Korean and English.
 Please refer to the Provisional Earnings Released Today or the IR Events section in the company's website for more details on the financial results of Q4 2021.
 First, we will be going to discuss the latest OLED technology in OLEDX.
 Presentation is on mobile or IT devices via video webcast, and you can also be able to see the IR homepage on the IR homepage.
 Before presenting the company's earnings, there will be a presentation on OLED X, a new technology for large OLED.
 It can be viewed via mobile devices or video webcast through an IT device as well as on the IR website.
 After the calculation, the formula would do to enjoy 2021 років проговорол.
 어린이 5분간의 LiveX 발표에 이어 2021년 4분기 경영 실적, 2022년 1분기 전망 및 사업 전략,
 질의응답 순서로 진행하겠습니다.
 The OLED X presentation will last for about five minutes,
 followed by a briefing on the financial results of Q4 2021
 and the company's outlook for Q1 2022 and Q&A.
 Presentation is the life display promotion of Jim Minjoo.
 The
 The OLED has been released after the release of the release of the OLED.
 The technology presentation will be led by Min-Gyu Jin in charge of life display promotion.
 The company's large OLED has been evolving and developing ever since its launch, culminating in the OLED X technology.
 This presentation is in English with Korean subtitles at the bottom of the screen.
 Hi, I want to appreciate all of you for joining us today.
 I'm Mingyu Jin. I'm head of Life Display Promotion Division.
 I'm proud to introduce to UNMOS in OLED Evolution, OLED EX.
 Evolutionary Experience, DEX in OLED EX embodies our goal of providing customers with an evolved experience through constantly evolving technology.
 I will introduce to EX technology, the core of OLED EX, which enables an evolved experience.
 EGX technology improves product efficiency and brightness by increasing the stability
 of organic light emitting devices, which are the most important elements in creating great
 quality of OLED. And the two keys that enable this technology are
 are deuterium and personalized algorithms.
 Deuterium is an element also known as heavy hydrogen, and as the name implies, it literally
 Deuterium has a similar structure to hydrogen.
 hydrogen but it has an extraneutron. It is not artificially synthesized. It is a
 a real natural element. However, there is only one atom of deuterium for every 6,000
 atoms of hydrogen.
 we developed the technology to extract deuterium from water to replace hydrogen in existing
 OLED materials.
 Our OLED materials are
 The toilet materials maintain their original shape but become more stable through a deuterium
 substitution process, meaning that they are stronger against electrical stimulation and
 which means they remain more reliable for longer, even at high brightness.
 In the end, we developed the highly stable devices that emit brighter light.
 Using deuterium, OLED-EX can realize a higher level of natural blindness and detail similar to what we see in real life.
 The second key to EX technology is
 Personalized algorithms
 We use personalized algorithms to control
 for less brightness and enhanced performance by predicting usage for each device according
 the viewing patterns of each user.
 I often display places I want to travel to after the pandemic on my OLED TV
 This is one of them. It is an aerial view of Grand Prismatic Spring,
 a huge hot spring in Yellowstone National Park in the U.S.
 It looks almost like the sun blazing, doesn't it?
 Some days, I leave this scene up for a long time and the blue subpixels on my OLED TV are of course used a lot for the blue part.
 The green parts use mostly green subpixels, and as you can guess, the red parts use mostly red subpixels.
 This is where our personalized algorithm technology comes into play.
 intelligently predicting usage, and optimizing each W, R, G, and B element to maintain stable use.
 These personalized algorithms, combined with the deuterium we just talked about, give our old panels their strengths.
 With EX technology, our OLED has evolved to become stronger than ever with 30% increased
 brightness, and natural colors reproduced with greater detail. OLED EX recreates details
 accurately the way content creators intend it.
 Design is also no exception when it comes to the evolution of OLED EX.
 OLED EX introduces a new bezel that's about 30% thinner than before
 making this the most aesthetically pleasing design of any existing OLED.
 We took innovative evolution a step further to satisfy the most demanding consumers
 without making any compromises that allows image quality or slim design.
 We can sum up or let EX's philosophy of evolution with the words
 Great detail.
 meaning detailed innovation to bring our customers perfect picture quality.
 The reason why we bet on and focus the 10 years of technical expertise on developing the detail is simple
 because every detailed innovation results in the details and the contents our customers experience.
 This is not only important for highly affiliate makers and other professionals.
 It's also very important for everyone who wants to capture, get immersed in, and fill every last detail.
 OLED EX panels with EX technology will be used in all of our OLED TV panels from the
 second quarter of 2022.
 And we will continue to showcase new innovative products with pursuing natural reality, the
 the philosophy that guides us.
 With OLED EX, we will bring our customers evolved experience with OLED and show evolved
 leadership in the global OLED market.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Let's read the disclaimer in the 4th century.
 Thank you for your attention.
 Before we begin the presentation, please take a look.
 Good morning.
 The project's release of the ICRS and the ICRS, and the ICRS and the ICRS,
 and the ICRS is still a full-time job of the commissioning and the work of the ICRS.
 Please note that today's results are based on consolidated
 IFRS standards prepared for your benefit and have not yet been audited by an outside auditor.
 Okay.
 I will be able to give you a brief overview of the KIFRS 1016-1
 Thank you very much.
 We'll see you next time.
 There has been a revision to the KIFRS number 1016 on property, plant, and equipment.
 In applying the revision, the company modified how we account for prototypes that are sold during a plant's test operation.
 기존에는
 수업 과정에서 생선된
 제 하위 순매각 금액을
 U.N. 자산 취득 원가로 차감하였으나
 .
 It used to be that the net selling price of the goods produced during test operation
 would be deducted as PPE as the acquisition cost,
 But with the amendment, the cost has to be recognized as profit or loss.
 The early application of the amendment has caused
 some changes from our earnings
 in 2020.
 With that said, we will now start with the presentation on Q4 2021 earnings result.
 Let me start off with our business performance in Q4.
 4분기 매출은 사업 구조 고도화에 따른 대형 및 중소형 OLED 비중 증가와
 IT용 패널 출하 확대에 힘입어 8초 8810억 원을 기록했습니다.
 This is the second month of the year's last month,
 Revenue.
 The revenue in Q4 was 8.881 trillion won.
 It was driven by the higher share of large, medium and small OLED, an increase in IT panel
 shipment.
 following the business structure upgrade.
 It was the highest ever for a quarter, up 22% QOQ and up 18% YOY.
 YOY.
 LCD TV panel
 Thank you very much.
 the first time in time to release the heat is getting no longer than the heat,
 It's been a long time for 4,760억 원.
 1.
 In addition to the operating process, the performance of the product is a high quality.
 Operating profit was 476 billion won.
 It was down 10% QoQ due to continued decline in LCD TV panel price and year-end one-off costs.
 In terms of actual performance, excluding the one-off factors, it was in line with market expectation.
 Thank you very much.
 Operating profit margin in Q4 was 5%, with EBITDA margin at 19%.
 Net profit was 180 billion won.
 .
 Let me now go over our business performance for the year.
 2021년 매출은 29조 8780억원
 영업이익 2조 2,310억 원으로
 OLED 사업의 수익화 단계 진입, 사업구조 고도화 등으로
 The revenue in 2021 was 29.878 trillion won
 and operating profit was 2.231 trillion won.
 Revenue was the highest ever, while profitability was also considerably improved.
 thanks to the turnaround in OLED and upgrade in our business structure.
 Thank you very much.
 was up 23% YOY.
 We turned around to profit with operating profit margin of 7%.
 다음은 출하 및 면적당 판가 추임.
 Area shipment and area ASP
 4분기 출하 면적은 IT용 패널 출하가 견주하게 지속되고
 High-end TV SEO 강세에 따른 대형 OLED 패널 출하 증가로
 Let's do it.
 비 12% 증가한 936만 제곱미터를 기록했습니다.
 Area shipment in Q4 was 9.36 million square meters, increasing 12 percent from the previous quarter.
 IT panel shipment remained solid,
 and large OLED panel shipment grew on the back of strong demand for high-end TV.
 .
 Area panel price was $806, up 8% QOQ, thanks to shipment growth in large and medium-small OLED.
 The Caps of 4.0 is a model for the line-to-fill and R&D-to-ip increase,
 The company's production capacity in Q4 decreased 3% QOQ, owing to line adjustment to
 prepare for new models and additional allocation to R&D.
 Next is Q4 Revenue Breakdown by Product Segment
 The sales of the sales of IT-owned panel is a 42% record and it's safe to maintain.
 TV는 대형 OLED 패널 출환은 증가하였으나 LCD TV 패널 판가 하락 영향으로 전풍기 대비 5%포인트 하락한 27%를 기록했습니다.
 Mobile and Guitar is P-OLED Smartphone and Wearable Shrash 증가,
 The IT panel is our standout among competition.
 maintain the biggest portion at 42%.
 TV panels came in next with 27%, down 5 percentage points QoQ, despite higher shipment of large OLED, due to declining LCD TV panel price.
 Mobile and others accounted for 31%, up 8 percentage points QOQ, thanks to growth and shipment of PO-led smartphones and wearables.
 Next is the company's financial position and ratios.
 The income tax is 4.3 million dollars.
 The company's cash and cash equivalent at the end of Q4 was 4.3 trillion won.
 Inventory was 3.35 trillion won, decreasing by 230 billion won QOQ.
 Thank you.
 The inventory is kept at a higher level than usual
 as a safety stock to prepare against supply chain uncertainties, such as commodities and logistics issues.
 The main value is 0,000,000.
 158%
 The size of the purchase rate is 94% and the size of the purchase rate is similar to the original price rate.
 This is a good idea.
 and the average rate of 6% point is changed, 57%
 almost flat qoq net debt to equity ratio came in at 57 percent improved by six percentage points qoq
 It was down 20 percentage points YOY, showing meaningful improvement in financial soundness.
 다음은 현금 흐름입니다.
 1.
 .
 4조 2850억 원을 기록했습니다.
 Next is cash flow.
 The company's cash and cash equivalent at the start of Q4 was 4.209 trillion won.
 It increased by 75 billion won and stood at 4.285 trillion won at the end of Q4.
 Next is presentation by the company's new CFO, 성현 Kim, on business performance and strategy.
 Good afternoon and good evening to shareholders, investors, and analysts from home and abroad.
 LG Display CFO Kim성현입니다.
 This is LG Display's CFO, Sung Hyun Kim.
 Thank you very much.
 I went from being in charge of finance to CFO last year
 and I greet you for the first time today through this conference call.
 Thank you very much.
 .
 to be able to build a new system for a new system.
 Thank you very much.
 and the most important thing to note is that the
 .
 As the new CFO, I feel the responsibility of having to deliver on the company's strategic
 time.
 tasks under an increasingly volatile business environment with the persistent pandemic and
 intensifying competition but I also harbor expectations of new opportunities as we see
 We are a strategic push in the past few years to upgrade the business structure and better
 prepare for the future, bear fruit.
 Thank you very much.
 So, with a sense of heavy responsibility, being the CFO at such a critical juncture,
 I will play an active role in improving corporate performance while balancing opportunities and risks.
 1.
 Then, we'll mention in the 1st century of the last three years and the last four years.
 I'll mention one next time.
 With that, now let me move on to the guidance for Q1 2022 as well as the company's business strategy.
 먼저 1분기 가이던스입니다.
 First is Q1 guidance.
 In Q1, area shipment will decline by mid-to-high single-digit QOQ.
 .
 The current state of the FIQC system will be expected to be expected to be a TV channel.
 IT용 패널은 재택근무,
 Thank you very much.
 But the pace of seasonal decline will not be as much as in other years.
 Although shipment of panels of all sizes is expected to fall due to seasonality, IT panel
 continues to enjoy B2B demand
 coming from the increasing trend of work from home,
 online education, and general changes in the office environment.
 .
 But area price is expected to fall by mid-to-high teen-digit QOQ
 due to seasonal decline in shipment of mobile panel.
 .
 Next is operational strategy for each business.
 Yes.
 We've been looking forward to the pandemic, the pandemic pandemic has been affected by the end of the pandemic, and it has been a very important part of the pandemic.
 looking back on the past year we were able to show meaningful results in our
 core strategic tasks, even as COVID-related volatility and uncertainty continued.
 Thank you.
 More importantly, OLED is now at a stage where it can produce substantive results.
 .
 The TV set market has been over 10% over the past,
 OLED TV set is 60% higher, and the high-end TV market has been improved.
 .
 Thank you very much.
 .
 Thank you very much.
 Although the TV set market saw negative growth of over 10% last year, sales of OLED TV sets
 grew over 60 percent, driving the expansion in the overall high-end TV market.
 market.
 The high-end TV market grew at a 30-percent level, with OLED TV's share in this market
 surpassing 30% as of Q4 last year.
 Panel 출하량은 또한 전년 대비 70% 이상
 than관묵할 만한 성장을
 Thank you very much.
 I don't know.
 Thank you very much.
 The panel shipment recorded a remarkable growth of
 more than 70% YOY, and the business turned around to profit in the second half of last
 year, reaching the BEP level for the year.
 Continuing from last year, shipment growth for this year is planned at 20% for the year.
 We also plan to keep improving profitability based on the stronger business performance.
 Thank you.
 .
 Thank you very much.
 .
 We have a new model to the past year's model to the future of the previous year's
 and the next year's model to the future.
 Thank you very much.
 In the case of small and medium OLEDs, we became capable of ensuring consistency in development, mass production and quality.
 It is now in a stable growth path based on stronger relations with strategic partners.
 In mobile business, we aim to further improve profitability by expanding new models in the second half.
 We will leverage our unique competitiveness to broaden outside the mobile,
 preempt medium-sized OLED premium market
 and expand to the mobility industry, including automobiles.
 The LCD sector also achieved outstanding results by
 proactively responding to market changes.
 MR.
 MS.
 ...
 In LCD, we are maintaining the select and focus approach centered on high-end IT in line with our strategic positioning.
 This year...
 year is expected to see demand adjustment after COVID-19.
 .
 We will continue to reduce the change of change in order to improve the economy.
 .
 Thank you very much.
 that day.
 and
 an unison to go to an unison to have a strong and strong
 ,
 .
 stability in business operation by minimizing volatility.
 We are gradually reducing the portion of supply-demand businesses
 that are highly susceptible to market conditions
 while increasing the businesses that can produce consistent results in strategic collaboration with customers.
 The company has also been able to continue to expand the current product's field of the future.
 Going further.
 further, anchored on OLED, we will continue to expand our business to deliver new experience
 and values to customers going beyond existing product areas.
 ideas.
 Last is our investment and financial management activities.
 Thank you.
 .
 the capitalization of the capitalization of the capitalization of capitalization,
 We will continue to move on to the end of the year.
 CapEx last year was 3.2 trillion won.
 It is expected to increase this year as we go ahead with the investment
 in small and medium OLED that was decided last year.
 The company will keep to the principle of keeping capex within EBITDA
 while trying to improve our financial soundness.
 경위 회사는 주주가치 재고 차원에서 예측 가능하고 지속적으로 실행할 수 있는 중기배당 정책을 발표했습니다.
 Thank you very much.
 The company announced today a predictable and sustainable midterm
 dividend policy with a view to improve shareholder value.
 We will maintain a dividend payout ratio of 20% of the consolidated net profit from the
 business years of 2021 to 2023.
 Accordingly, the BOD today decided on 651 per share in cash dividend for the 2021 business year.
 Yes.
 .
 The company will keep looking for ways to improve shareholder value from a long-term perspective.
 Thank you.
 lingers, we will bolster our responsiveness to the external environment to minimize risk
 and ensure stability in business operations.
 We will spirit...
 We will spare no effort to continuously heighten market confidence and create higher values.
 Thank you.
 이상으로 2021년 4분기 관련 주요 실적 내용 발표를 마치겠습니다.
 다음은 질의응답 시간을 갖도록 하겠습니다
 Operator께서는 질의응답 안내 부탁드립니다.
 That brings us to the end of earnings presentation for Q4 2021.
 We will now take questions.
 operating session.
 now q&a session will begin please press star one that is star and one if you have any questions
 questions will be taken according to the order you have pressed the number star
 1. For cancellation, please press star 2. That is
 2 on your phone in order to allow as many Q&A chances as possible within the
 restricted time, we would appreciate only two questions for each participant.
 The first question will be provided by Hyun Suk Kim from HANA Financial Investments.
 investments please go ahead with your question
 Yes, hello.
 Thank you very much.
 .
 21년 성과고요.
 22년 방향성이 좀 궁금한데요.
 I'll talk about the change and the change of 21, and the change of 2020.
 The next slide is the policy of the 2021 year.
 The policy of the 2021 year of the 2022 year of the 2021 year-old.
 LCD TV panel
 The price of the price is a 7-year-old.
 And now, there are 30 and 40 inches.
 The
 .
 I have two questions. One on large OLED and another on LCD.
 Now first about the large OLED.
 So what was the performance in 2021 and the outlook for 2022?
 So, are there any differences between the guidance last time about the 2021 performance and the expected shipment in 2022?
 and also what was the profitability for this business division
 so for 2021 and also the outlook for 2022 and the second question is on lcd
 so the LCD panel price has been falling for the seventh month now but then we
 are also now seeing some signs of the price decline stopping for 30 inch and
 and 40 inch LCD panels.
 Then what is the panel price outlook for LCD this year?
 So for IT, we see that the IT LCD panel price also started to decline last month.
 So what is a similar question.
 So what is the price outlook for IT panel this year?
 First of all, I'll ask the question for the first question.
 Now regarding the first question about the large OLED, this is Daniel Lee in charge of
 large display marketing responding to that.
 Yes.
 Thank you very much.
 TV set 시장의 실판매는 10% 초반에 역성장을 했지만
gesamt 자사의 올레드는 하이엔드 tv 시장을 견인하면서 시장 내 입지를 보다 강화해서 4분기에 전체 하이엔드 시장 내에서
 This is a form of market share.
 Now, first of all, as the CFO had highlighted earlier, the overall TV set market showed
 negative growth of over 10% last year, but among them, the OLED TV, in other words, the
 high-end TV continue
 to grow and
 And OLED TV solidified its position in the high-end TV market.
 So in the fourth quarter of last year, the OLED TV took up over 30% in the high-end TV market.
 Let me give you a highlight.
 I'm going to give you an important point of view.
 According to Europe, a huge market market market share has gained over 30% Prix.
 In Europe, there have been 40% of the market share in Europe.
 To give you more highlights, what we see as some meaningful performances,
 So in the developed markets, like the North American market, for the year, it took up over 30% market share.
 and in Europe, it was over 40% for the year.
 but accordingly, the company's panel shipment also grew by over 70% YOY.
 So in the second half, it turned around to profit, and for the year, it reached BP.
 Yes, the 말씀하신 목표 출하량 관련해서는 저희가 수량은 살짝 미달하였으나
 and the overall average of the population,
 Now, in terms of the specific shipment, we did fall a little bit short of the target
 in terms of the shipment, but then in terms of the area,
 we did come in line with the target
 as we had focused more on the large OLED.
 This year, as the CFO had reported earlier,
 Our guidance is over 20% of increase in panel shipment.
 And the more recent numbers show, although they are for the weekly sales,
 But so in the month of January, we see that the actual sales remain similar to the fourth quarter level.
 and based on our stronger business structure,
 we will continue to improve our profitability.
 Thank you.
 이상입니다.
 The following question will be presented by one
 Han Seok-jung from High Investment Securities.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 앞선 김현숙 의원님 질문에 대한 답변이 아직 끝나지 않아서
 먼저 답변하고 질문 받도록 하겠습니다.
 We apologize for the inconvenience.
 We had not finished the response to the first question by Mr. Kim Yon-soo.
 so allow us to complete the response
 and then we will take the next question.
 Yes, it's going to be a bit more interesting.
 I think it's going to be a bit more interesting.
 I think it's a very important question.
 IT-Pan과는 TV 대비 약 1분기 정도 후행에서
 So these are the most important part of our program,
 and we're going to start the poll.
 Tv 대비해서는 올 한 해
 방가 안정화 시기가
 TV 대비에서 굉장히 후행할 것으로 예상을 하고 있습니다.
 Now, this is Giyoung Lee in charge of business intelligence, responding to your question
 about the outlook for IT panel price. Now for the IT panel compared to the TV,
 the decline in price was lagging behind by about a quarter so we believe that in terms of the
 of the prices, it will also come later than the TV price.
 그러나 주로 판가 하락은 TN이나 VA 같은 저가 제품 위주로 진행될 예정이기 때문에
 But then we believe that most of the IT panel price decline
 will be centered on the low-end products like tn or va and for the high-end products where the
 the company is strong, we believe that
 the price will remain stable.
 That is all.
 Thank you very much.
 The question of the question is about the IT system.
 BI 담당해서 설명을 드렸는데
 I'll give you a little bit of a summary of this.
 Now, this is Jae Young-Kwon from the medium-small display marketing.
 And just now, regarding the IT market outlook, there was explanation by Kiyoung Lee from Business Intelligence, but I would like to just add some additional explanation.
 First of all, I want to tell you about IT's demand.
 Thank you very much.
 and the future of the EU's
 According to the B2B market, the B2B market is reduced to the B2B market.
 But, B2...
 B2C is expected to be expected to be expected to be expected.
 However, B2B is the case of B2B.
 Back-to-office and the economy will continue to improve
 2022년에는 점진적으로 증가할 것으로 예상을 하고 있습니다.
 Regarding the demand outlook for IT,
 Now, as the pandemic, so since the onset of the pandemic, there was the trend of working from home as well as online education, which drove the demand for IT products.
 But now as COVID-19 continues to be prolonged, we are also seeing the easing of restrictions in different parts of the world.
 and now are increasing outdoor activities by the citizens.
 So this means that the B2C demand is likely to go down.
 But then for the B2B, because of the back-to-office trend as well as the recovery in the economy throughout the world,
 we believe that the B2B demand in 2022 will remain strong.
 22년 수요는 종합적으로 말씀드리면 21년 수요와 비슷한 수준을 예상하고 있으나
 So, at the bottom of the screen,
 TVC 왕악화로 인해서 작년 하반기부터 IT로 일부 공급이 전환되었습니다.
 This is why last year,
 Now, for the demand itself, then, between 2022 and 2021, the outlook is that they are going to be pretty much similar.
 So a flat demand between 2021 and 2022.
 too. But then when it comes to
 supply. Because of
 the soft TV market last year starting in the second half of last year much of the
 supply on the TV side has been shifted to IT, which had prompted the decline in IT prices
 starting in the last part of last year.
 Okay.
 I'm looking forward to looking forward to the last year's IT market.
 is a bit more than a year ago.
 However, as you can see,
 자사의 경우는 워낙 하이엔드 비중이 높아서
 So for the short term, we believe that the IT
 price decline, which started in the latter part of last year, will continue for the time
 being.
 But then in terms of the pace of the decline,
 Now that is mostly concentrated in the mainstream products, whereas the company is strong in the high-end products.
 So we do believe that our business will remain stable compared to the overall market.
 We will take the next question.
 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 하위투자증권의 정원석 님입니다.
 The following question will be presented by Won Suk-jong from High Investment Securities.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Thank you very much for your question.
 HiTya증권 정원석.
 I'd like to ask you a question.
 첫 번째는 최근에 언론에도 많이 보도가 됐었는데
 I'm going to take a look at the white LED panel on the screen.
 I'm going to take a look at the results of what's going on.
 I think it's a bit like a map.
 I think it's a bit like a new update.
 I think it's a bit like a comment.
 If you have any comments, please ask me if you have any comments.
 The second is that the QD5122 display has been started with the QD5122.
 저희가 생각했을 때 QD OLED 대비 White OLED가 가진 장점이 어떤 부분이라고 보시는지
 Thank you very much.
 Now, I also have two questions.
 First is what has actually been reported through media coverage extensively recently,
 And that is about the cooperation between Samsung Electronics and LG Display.
 Samsung Electronics deciding to adopt LG display's white OLED.
 Now, so if you could give us an update on this front, and if new, then this probably means that we
 you are in the last stage
 so can you give us
 So comments regarding this.
 And the second question is, Samsung Display also recently got ready for the, or started the mass production of QD OLED.
 Now then, compared to the QD OLED, what does the company believe are the advantages of white OLED?
 Yes.
 The first question about CFO.
 I'm going to ask you a question.
 I'm sorry.
 사실 이게 우리 회사 당사만의 사정이 아니고
 .
 Thank you very much.
 This is the CFO responding to the first part of the question.
 given that this involves not only the company
 but a specific customer.
 Please understand that we are not in the position to give a comment on it or share our plan or update.
 High-end TV市場 내에서 OLED가 성과를 지속적으로 확대해 왔던 것은 오늘 말씀을 드렸고요.
 Although the growth of the growth of the growth of the customer,
 And I already explained earlier that the high-end TV, so in the high-end TV, the OLED
 falando show audiences.
 outstanding performance
 And the company's plan is to continue with this growth trend based on the existing customer base.
 but if the new OLED is this one,
 premium市場 내에서 OLED, high-fifon 차원에서
 But if new customers are to be gained, then in terms of the OLED,
 we do believe that it will have a positive impact on increasing sales of OLED in the premium market.
 That's all.
 Thank you very much.
 And this is Daniel Lee in charge of large display marketing responding to the second part of the question.
 Yes.
 .
 QD OLED 데뷔해서 자사 OLED의 강점에 대해서 문의를 주셨는데
 .
 Thank you so much for coming to us today.
 We have already said that the competition of OLED products are the same as the premium in OLED.
 and in the context of the pandemic,
 So the second question was about the advantages of the company's OLED over QD OLED.
 And as had been explained earlier, now the launch of the OLED products by other players
 is a welcome development for our part
 because it would help mainstream the premium oil products
 and will also have a positive impact on driving sales.
 Thank you very much.
 So I think it's a very important thing to think about the market.
 So this is the first product that has been released in the past.
 And it is true that there had been some media exposure at the CES, but then the actual
 product has not been launched in the market yet so any comparison would have
 to wait until it's been launched.
 However, I would like to add a little bit more about this.
 And also the last thing that I was going for last year,
 So, we have to look at the data from the data.
 .
 I have to think that this has been compliance with the products of the markets,
 But I would just like to add that when it comes to the product competitiveness,
 It does not depend on one or two specific specifications.
 So I believe that what is important is the overall quality as well as the overall competitiveness.
 and I do believe that the market will be able to make that decision after the launch.
 Thank you very much.
 .
 as the economy of scale and the customer base, as well as the readiness of our differentiated
 product lineup, we do believe that we are enjoying an overall competitiveness, and we
 We intend to maintain this competitive edge.
 Yes, it is.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 We will take the next question.
 Next question.
 다음으로 질문해 주실 분은 삼성증권의 장정훈 님입니다.
 The following question will be presented by Jung Hoon Jung from Samsung Securities.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Thank you very much.
 So I think it's a little bit
 .
 The second thing is that the auto display is constantly talking about.
 I would like to highlight this in the current point of view.
 If there's a growth driver in the future, it's a problem of the application, or the disk format, or the customer's problem.
 Thank you very much.
 We've had a lot of companies in the pandemic after the pandemic,
 and the cost of the sales have been good, and we've had a lot of good stuff.
 .
 We have a lot of open margin.
 So, these are the things that we can see, as we can see,
 And we will talk about the context of the latest and latest and latest and latest
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 Now, I also had two questions, but then I also have one request for clarification about the presentation earlier.
 so it was explained that
 for the fourth quarter financial performance,
 excluding one-off factors or the one-off costs,
 then the performance was actually
 not believe I heard about the
 one-off factors, so maybe I missed, but if you could clarify what the
 one of factors war and then the next question is we have been hearing we hear more about the
 outlook. So if you could give us some more
 highlights about the auto display and if you believe that there are growth
 drivers for auto display then do you believe that they will come from
 applications or the display forum or from the customers and the last question is now since the
 pandemic, we see many of the panel makers enjoying a higher
 sales as well as profitability.
 But then we see that Taiwanese panel maker is enjoying like over 20 percent operating profit margin in the third quarter of last year.
 And of course, the company has also done quite well.
 but then I'm just wondering about the difference
 and also when it comes to the company strengthening its competitiveness,
 and what do you believe its implications will be with regards to the margin as well.
 CFO가 일회성 비용 관련돼서 말씀을 드리겠습니다.
 .
 The
 business
 and
 the
 business
 and
 share
 with
 Thank you very much.
 This is the CFO regarding your question about the one-off cost.
 Now, when it comes to business performance, we have a way of sharing the good performance with investors in the form of dividend.
 Likewise, we also have a way of sharing our performance with those who made it possible.
 In other words, the executives and the employees of the company.
 Thank you.
 I'm not going to say any of the benefits of the staff.
 So I want to talk about the work of the women's work and what kind of work
 and share it in a way that we haven't been able to talk about it yet.
 So today I'm not going to tell you about the situation without saying that it's a pretty good point.
 a little bit
 I'm just a little bit
 After that, we can talk about the details of the process
 And the reason why I cannot give you the specific numbers today
 is because we have not gone through the communication
 with the members of the company
 about how we are going to share the business performance.
 so please understand that it's a bit too early for us to give you for the details
 But once we do go through the process, then we will create opportunities where we will be able to communicate with you on a one-to-one basis.
 Hello.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much.
 This is Ki-Han Son, Vice President of Auto Marketing, responding to your question about auto display.
 먼저 오토 사업 현황에 대해 말씀드리겠습니다
 잘 아시다시피 저희 LG Display는
 we have leadership in the industry in the industry and in the industry.
 now first about the status of our auto business as is well known LG displays
 enjoys leadership in the auto business
 in terms of both sales and technology.
 .
 Display of the display.
 1.
 2.
 design, a new component and a new component, and a new component.
 This is the LG Display.
 The LTS LCD is a great deal with the LTS LCD.
 2021년 말 90%를 넘었습니다.
 Thank you.
 especially with the auto display, the size becoming bigger and the resolution requirement
 also becoming higher and also more sophisticated requirement for design.
 the orders that we receive continue to grow.
 And as a result of this, for LG display, the order backlog for the LTPS LCD and OLED remains at 90% as of the end of 2021.
 Let's start with the auto business strategy.
 LG Display는 앞으로 시장과 고객 세그먼트별 맞춤형 기술 플랫폼을 전개할 예정입니다.
 Thank you.
 And then about our auto business strategy.
 Now LG Display intends to have a customized platform for the different market segments as well as the customers.
 First of all, in the extreme environment, which is the extreme condition of the LG display,
 Tandem OLEDs are designed to be designed for premium customers,
 The auto conditions, now in terms of the extreme conditions that are required for the auto display,
 Now the LG display will center its marketing on the tandem OLED.
 So, for the customers that value design, then we will provide our plastic OLED.
 Also, design than the quality of the customers,
 PureLED 대비 원가 경쟁력을 개선한 ATO Advanced Thin OLED를
 We will be able to expand the two different OLED platform tools.
 And for the customers who value the higher picture quality,
 then we can also provide the ATO, which is the Advanced Thin OLED.
 So based on these two technologies, we will be able to continue to broaden our market as well as the customer base, utilizing our OLED platform.
 마지막으로 차별화 보다는 원가 경쟁력 기반의 매수 볼륨 고객에게는
 InCell Touch 기반의 LTPS LCD를
 And last, for those who wish to differentiate by cost, then we can also market our incel
 touch.
 based LTPS LCD.
 That is all.
 경쟁사와의 수익성 차이는 BI에서 말씀드리겠습니다.
 And this is Kiyoung Lee from BI responding to your question about the difference in profitability with other players.
 LCD 사업에서의 경쟁사와의 수익성 차이는 고객 구조와 제품 구조 차이에서 기인한다고 봅니다.
 Now, the profitability difference in the LCD business comes from the differences in the customer structure as well as the product line-up.
 In the past display history,
 We will be going to increase the price.
 7.
 and the other side of the situation,
 and there are some sort of flaws that are repeated.
 Now, when we look at the history of display business, then we see that when there is a higher share of commodity or general LCD products,
 Then, when the market is doing well, then the profitability also tends to improve considerably.
 But then vice versa, when the market is not doing well, then there could be big losses.
 is.
 So, we have a lot of commodity products that have a lot of demand in the U.S.
 .
 and the fact that the U.S. has been on the same thing as the U.S.
 So we see that for the players like the Taiwanese player that have a larger share of other customers and also larger share of commodity products,
 We see that they have benefited more than other players during the pandemic.
 Thank you.
 .
 as well as expected.
 So as was explained earlier, we see that the price is falling, centered on commodity products.
 the company, we are focusing more on differentiating for the long term, and we believe that we
 we will be ready to have a more stable business down the road.
 Thank you very much.
 We will take one last question.
 Thank you.
 다음으로 질문해주실 분은 Bank of America의 Simon New Wu 님입니다.
 The following question will be presented by Simon Woo from Bank of America Securities.
 Please go ahead with your question.
 Yes.
 Thank you very much.
 So, I think that's what I'm trying to do with the
 .
 I think it's a big deal.
 We can see the top 9 growth rate in the top 9 growth rate.
 and the production of the world.
 This is the case.
 So, what are we going to do with high growth growth in the future?
 Now, first of all, thank you for the good performance in the fourth quarter.
 and my question is pertaining to the growth potential down the road
 Because we see that the oil capacity is almost to the full, and the new ramp-up can come only in a year's time.
 Then in 2022, does the company believe that there is still room for more top-line growth to come for OLED?
 perhaps maximizing utilization rate and also enhancing productivity
 could help pull off the grocery
 rate, but then it would also have limitations.
 So what is the company's outlook for the growth of OLED?
 Thank you.
 This is Hi-yeon Kim of Corporate Strategy Group.
 Thank you very much for your question.
 We have seen the market as well as the market.
 So the question is pertaining to the growth potential of large OLED.
 Now regarding this, we see that recently the market is moving more toward convergence.
 Convergence Trends
 The Convergence Trend에서
 저희에게 기회가
 Thank you very much.
 .
 and the gaming and IT part of the game,
 and our OLEDs have a
 two-men,
 mobility, mobility, mobility, mobility, mobility 등을 준비하고 있고
 And this is the case of ASP TV, which is the case of the TV,
 So under this trend of convergence, we believe that there will be more opportunities for the company.
 So, for example, based on the WRGB technology, we can supply to the TV market.
 Not only that, but IT in the gaming side, and then also utilizing our unique transparent feature for OLED, we can also get ready to move into the mobile market.
 And in these markets, for these products, the ASP would be higher than the TV.
 So it is from both the revenue growth and also higher profitability that we are seeking to achieve top-line growth.
 짧게 말씀드리면
 CAPEX 투자를 발표한 중형에서의 양산이 24년부터 시작되는 CAPEX 축의 성장이 하나가 있고요.
 그리고 CAPEX 없이
 아까 말씀드렸던 게이밍과 투명을 통해서
 This is the application of ASP.
 Thank you very much.
 Let's go.
 So, in short, more growth will come after CAPEX spend.
 And so, for example, there's going to be the CapEx on the begin from 2024.
 so there is going to be higher sales from here.
 And also, even without CapEx spend, from the gaming and the transparent OLED side,
 the ASP is going to be higher than other applications.
 So let me make one correction.
 so about the
 transparent display so it's not
 getting ready to enter the mobile, but it's the mobility market.
 Yes, thank you very much.
 Thank you very much.
 And now it's about 2,000, 3,000,000 dollars in the situation.
 So, if you have EBITDA as well, and then you can invest in a lot of money,
 Working Chapter을
 I think that's what we're going to do.
 So, I think that's what we're going to do.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much for the good explanation
 and then this question is to the CFO.
 So you did emphasize the company's intent to keep the capex within EBITDA,
 But then given the fact that the Ibita has grown considerably from the past,
 From the investor's perspective, perhaps keeping it in line with depreciation amortization would be more reasonable
 because now the dividend payout is likely to be around 200 billion, 300 billion won.
 so there is the EBITDA
 And then there's also the taxes to be paid.
 and then setting aside the working capital.
 So after all this, then the cache is likely to be quite tight.
 So what is the company's view on this comment?
 CFO가 말씀드리겠습니다.
 Thank you very much.
 So this is the CFO, and I take that as a suggestion or a recommendation to the company, and we will take that comment into due consideration.
 yes 일단 너무 여러분들이 잘 아시다시피
 저희 업의 본질 중에 하나가 대규모 투자를 수반하는 산업이라는 산업에 속해 있다는 것입니다
 Now, as you all know very well, part of the nature of this business is that it requires large-scale investment.
 Yes, it is.
 Yes.
 I'll show you the next step.
 And I'm sure that you also understand that this is indispensable
 to make sure that we achieve sustainability
 and also continued
 profitability, which are
 also the aspiration
 of both the company and the
 shareholders.
 Well, you know the details are quite well.
 The company's own way of doing the financials' quality of the company's own way of doing it.
 The company has been able to make it a more than a rule.
 aware of this, but then for the company
 to make sure that we get the right returns on our investment.
 we have
 and I also have
 five rules and one additional rule.
 what 먼저 말씀을 좀 드리면 먼저 회사가 추구하는 그 투자 자체가 우리 회사가 멀리 내다보고 있는 중장기 전략하고
 What is the fact that the government has been looking at?
 That's what we're looking for.
 we look at whether there is alignment between the planned investment
 and the company's mid-to-long-term strategy.
 Yeah.
 And, Yeah.
 ...
 very important in terms of the supply of the market,
 and we can produce the capa,
 and we can produce the power of the market,
 .
 And we also look at the market demand and also more importantly, recently, the market supply, as well as our selling capability and also our production capacity.
 In other words, we also look at the fit between our current condition and the planned investment.
 .
 So what do we have to do with the market to the market and to the market?
 and the fact that the company has a lot of money to invest in the market,
 And we also look at the timeliness of the investment.
 In other words, between the time of making the investment until the mass production, then will the production be in time for the market?
 and also whether it is the right time for the company
 to make this kind of investment,
 whether the company has the fundamentals to withstand this?
 Yes.
 It's a real thing.
 .
 Let's look at the economy.
 And, of course, also the economics, which are also the more immediate factor.
 Yes.
 What do you think about it?
 .
 And we also look at the technological feasibility.
 In other words, whether the company has the right technology
 and technological sophistication
 be fitting this investment.
 Yes, so that's the last one.
 This is the value of the business of the company.
 Also, we have to look at more than one thing.
 I'm not going to invest in a lot of money,
 So that is from the business performance side and then the one additional rule for the finance side.
 And that is whether we have the financial resources to make this investment at this time.
 and if we lack
 such financial resources
 then how are we going
 to finance that
 from the market?
 .
 Now, for the CAPEX plan of the year, as was explained earlier, we will, we intend to keep it within EBITDA.
 Yes.
 That's right.
 the 답을 저희가 갖고 그 확신을 가지고 올해도 투자를 합니다
 So, I hope you will be able to see more and more.
 And we are moving ahead with the investment with the answers to all of those 5 plus 1 rules
 with the conviction that it is the investment that we need.
 So I hope for your patience for a bit, and I do hope that we will be able to share in the good performance out of it.
 And I also hope that the time until then will become shorter.
 Thank you.
 Yes.
 Thank you.
 That's the end of the year 2021 4th of the year.
 Thank you so much for joining us.
 If you have any questions, please contact IR team.
 Thank you.
 That brings us to the end of the conference call
 for the earnings presentation of LG Display Q4 2021.
 I thank all the participants, and if you have further questions, then please contact the IR team.
 I'll see you next time.