 Good morning. Good afternoon. Welcome to our online conference. We will discuss the results
 of the KGHM for the third quarter and for the first nine months of 2021.
 apologies for the delay
 unfortunately due to technical constraints
 we have
 We had to make sure that everything runs seamlessly and we deliver the best quality transmission.
 That's why it took us a little bit longer.
 We will start with a quick comment on the results.
 as I said
 And we would very much like to be here with you face to face, but for concern for the health of ourselves and our people, we had to reduce the number of live meetings and choose online events instead.
 Nevertheless, after the presentation, during the commentary, we will also move on to a Q&A session.
 Feel encouraged to submit your questions to ir.kghm.com.
 All the questions that have been or will have been submitted will be answered on our website as soon as possible.
 also the transcript of this conference
 will be available as well
 I hope that we will manage to answer as many questions as possible today.
 Okay, so now let me give the floor to the CEO.
 Hi, hello, everyone.
 Welcome from Lubin on this charming, charming autumn afternoon.
 Actually, midday.
 but let's not talk about
 weather. Let's talk
 about
 Climate, which is somehow related
 why climate this week
 we have adopted KGHM climate policy.
 that's a sign of the times
 it's somehow related to EU regulations
 but it's also
 a matter of market requirements.
 We want to be transparent.
 We want our production to be transparent in terms of our climate agenda,
 and we want to be in line with the European climate agenda.
 That's why we adopted this document that defines what KGHM should do in response to climate change
 and what is the footprint of the company, what is the impact of KGHM on the climate,
 what we want to do what initiatives we want to take to reduce that footprint
 and to change the impact.
 So that's the essence of the newly adopted document.
 there is one
 quite important goal
 In 2050, KGHM is to be climate neutral.
 There will be two intermediate goals in 2030.
 We want to reduce our emissions by 30% versus 2020.
 and we are talking about
 two kinds of emissions.
 we have
 the range
 two emissions, that's emissions related to electricity production.
 So, where CO2 emissions are related to power generation, we want to run a number of initiatives
 to reduce those emissions.
 And the other area is the so-called range one, which is our impact.
 Sorry, our production, which, of course, generates CO2.
 So we want to become CO2 neutral by 2050.
 The agenda includes such measures as buying green energy
 or deployment of our own renewable energy sources.
 we want to be a more
 responsible consumer of energy.
 We want to use less energy and we want to maximize the share of green energy that we use.
 In 2050, we also want to become independent in terms of energy supplies.
 when it comes to our production cycle
 There are a number of initiatives, such as add the mixture of hydrogen to our smelting processes.
 we want to use electron mobility
 and in our mining operations
 We want to use CCU and CCU&S, so carbon capture and storage technologies.
 so the technologies that are already in place and can be deployed there are also
 some technologies that are still in the development stage and we hope they will
 be developed and they will become viable in a few years so this is what we want to do these are the
 challenges of European regulations and the requirements of our clients.
 Um, yes, you've got your own.
 Thank you, Mr. Glover.
 So in a nutshell, I'm talking about the here and now.
 So nine months into 2021, there are a number of key facts and figures.
 So the EBITDA year-on-year is 7.73 billion, which is greater than last year, which is a reflection of greater revenues.
 We sell at better prices, so our revenues grew by 31%.
 that's 21 over 21 billion zlottis and the higher prices the better prices are not the only factor
 that has contributed to this improvement.
 we also have a 10%
 greater production of copper, we have been following our plans, our strategy with greater
 production we are immune to lower prices but we are very happy to have the tailwind we have greater
 the prices in 2019 or 2018.
 The prices were very low.
 In April 2019, it was $4,600 per ton, and we still managed.
 We reduced our cost.
 So we increased our production.
 But these figures are the most important findings.
 now I will give the floor to Andrzej Kinsborg
 who will tell you more about the finance
 The production vice president is not with us today.
 because he has some health concerns
 so we won't be talking about production in detail.
 So thank you very much.
 good day to all of you
 let me start with a quick
 summary of our production
 output for metals
 The good news is that pay copper has grown by 10.1 percent, three quarters of – compared to the same period of 2020.
 all three segments of our
 operations have made a contribution. So that's domestic production from 1412 to 440,000 tons
 KTHM International
 49,000 tons to 55,000 tons
 and Sierra Gorda from
 60 to 78,000 tons
 I will give you the details in a second, but before I do that, let me mention silver production, which is very important to us.
 was very high, we didn't actually
 assumes it's a great
 performance this year, looking at the geological
 parameters and the richness of the ore
 but
 The results have been very good, both in terms of mining output and the content of silver in the ore.
 and also in terms of
 of recovery performance in the smelting operations.
 So the combined production of the whole group is 1,008 tons of silver in the first three quarters of 2021.
 Last year, well, when you compare this to last year figures, we can hope that we will solidify our leading position globally.
 We are the second largest silver producer in the world.
 We are very happy about that.
 we want to
 we want to maintain this top two position
 when it comes to precious metals
 and we have a slight decline
 which is most of all related to the quality of ore in the U.S. and Canada.
 MOLLE production has not changed.
 molly content in the ore in Chile
 remain stable
 Now, let's take a look at KGHM Poland.
 And the other operations will be discussed by Mr. Gruza.
 Here we look at mining or extraction in terms of tonnage.
 we have increased our output
 also in terms of processing.
 or processing operations the output
 is
 has been quite
 stable over last year.
 Thank you.
 The copper content in the ore is slightly lower.
 this is related to the fact that we keep
 continuing our prospecting operations and
 the
 copper content cannot be predicted
 to a very fine degree of detail, to three decimal places,
 but we
 We are pretty much satisfied with what we get.
 We keep finding new oil deposits, and we keep mining those areas that are most economically viable.
 Now, smelting operations, there are two important elements.
 That's maintenance of smelting operations and refinery operations at last year's level.
 all the figures are presented
 in the presentation.
 presentation.
 Quite importantly, we have more copper production from third-party ores.
 this is related
 third-party sources
 because we have improved the efficiency of scrap copper processing.
 and this is also the direction we want to go for in the future
 also in the context of our climate policy.
 and we want to keep
 improving our operations in this area
 And the main growth driver in silver year-on-year is KJHM Polskamieh.
 here we have a growth from
 975 tons up to 983 tons
 in the first three quarters of 2021.
 one.
 Now, let's move to...
 Now, let's take a look at Sierra Gorda International.
 so I'll give the floor to
 Mr. Gruza. Thank you,
 ladies and gentlemen
 we are happy to present these results
 Thanks to
 a favorable
 macroeconomic situation
 we focused on maximizing production in all our international assets.
 also geology has been favorable
 and has been a positive contributor to our results.
 as a result
 payable
 copper in Sierra Gorda has grown
 by nearly a third
 also silver
 has gone up.
 Obviously, we have been trying to optimize our processing operations and the costs that
 we need to improve our processing operations.
 we pay in Sierra Gorda.
 Now let's move on to KGHM International.
 here we also have
 a 13% growth in payable copper production
 And here the main driver is the efficiency of our mining operations in Robinson.
 and
 Robinson's
 And we've also been trying to extend the lifetime of the mine, so we want to keep mining in that area for the years to come.
 And production results are very good when it comes to silver.
 silver, some mines produce less, but because of their relative share, their contribution
 to the overall international results is negligible.
 Thank you very much
 so let's move on to the financial results of the group
 The first piece of news is the revenues.
 the revenues have
 grown by
 31% year on year
 up to
 21,735,000,000
 and this improvement is first of all related to changing metal prices
 but there are a number of other factors
 that are less favorable
 that's a slight decrease in sales, first of all, in KGHM International,
 and that's related to certain logistic problems in U.S. ports.
 Also in dry docks, there have been some delays.
 and transportation resources are less available than they used to,
 but this, we believe, is temporary.
 We also had foreign exchange differences between the Polish slot and the dollar.
 it was 394
 the average
 3.94 last year, now it's
 387
 Of course, we keep track of what's going on on the Zloty and the euro and the dollar.
 However, we are looking closely at what's going on in foreign exchange.
 Another negative factor was the adjustment of revenues on derivatives in the first three quarter.
 the adjustment was in the area
 of 1.1 billion slot
 but there is
 a slight
 difference because of the first
 three quarters of the last year
 So the year-on-year difference is $1.4 billion.
 And the positive change, the 200 million, the greatest sale of materials other than silver and copper,
 The quiet leader here is the sulfuric acid that we sell.
 We sell more of that asset and at a higher price than last year.
 But there's also lead
 rhenium selenium
 a number of other derivative products that sell greater volumes
 and or at greater prices than in the first three quarters of 2020.
 20. Now let's
 move on to unit cost
 as you can see
 in the slide, the unit cost is significantly higher, but when you look at the group level,
 if you take into account the copper tax
 then the C1 cost would actually be
 lower in the first three
 first nine months of 2021
 than in 2020
 because what we all know what the copper tax is.
 as we know the formula and you just can't beat the formula, it is rigid, there is no
 workaround, but when
 you look at KGHM Polish copper, then the growth of the C1 cost net of the copper tax is in
 the range of $0.03 per pound, and this small growth is mostly related to growing power
 prices
 CO2 emission rights
 and the cost of diesel.
 So these were the main cost drivers.
 In KGHM International, while the C1 cost is comparable, we have a significant growth in Sierra Gorda.
 We have greater volumes and higher prices of additional metals that actually bring our C1 cost down.
 when it comes to our operating results.
 first of all
 Our EBITDA is significantly higher, 75% greater year-on-year.
 actually nine months over nine months
 And here you can – this is an aggregate for all the segments,
 so KJG and Polish Coppa International and Sierra Gorda
 and the main driver here is higher
 metal prices, and
 does
 higher sales prices.
 it's not in this slide but let me mention one more thing
 when you look quarter by quarter, you will see that our quarter by quarter performance has been very stable,
 very constant, and the contribution of each quarter to the aggregate results for the three quarters
 has been pretty much the same
 So consistently we have been building our results and also the third quarter has made a very good contribution to the results after nine months.
 now then profit
 or net result
 it's significantly
 higher
 more than three times higher for the whole group compared with the three
 quarters of the previous
 this year.
 This is mainly linked to the change in metal prices and higher revenues.
 Revenue Conference, it was related to the valuation of loans we provided to other entities
 including Siragoda, and also the measurement of interest accrued, as well as the contrast
 between the negative result
 launch year and positive result
 achieved this year
 and joint ventures, 1,900,000,000,000,000.
 that is the profit on involvement in joint ventures.
 What is also important is higher profit from sales by more than 1 billion from 1,765,000,000 with higher copper prices, slightly lower silver sales, and an increase in services.
 so we have been watching this
 especially the net
 profit on
 sales
 this is
 the core of our operations.
 is also one thing
 that I'd like to mention
 that is the drop
 in our result on
 the
 It is related to the measurement of derivatives by 67 million, but also at the lower valuation by 150 million.
 derivatives had
 the impact by minus 8 to 1
 on the net result
 change in
 CIT, exchange differences
 that I mentioned previously
 the CIT's corporate income tax
 we have higher profits
 so the taxes are also high.
 So the net result, you know, the profit remains strong and robust.
 and with each quarter we've seen a significant contribution
 to the overall profit
 but we have to mention that
 the increase in
 the costs of energy
 those prices accelerated
 in the last quarter
 her by
 17% quarter to quarter
 That is how energy prices have increased.
 We have been offsetting these higher energy prices by conservation or energy savings,
 but it's not possible to offset such an increase in energy prices by reducing the consumption only.
 and now let me move on to our cash flows
 So there are three important factors here.
 So the first one is the allocation of the profit.
 home. The second is a change in the working
 capital
 and that was
 related to
 as knowingly
 abandoning the use of
 some of the factoring contracts, it's one billion zloty, we see no need to use factoring
 in these areas
 and this is how we can save on the costs, financing costs of these contracts.
 The contracts remain valid.
 they are in full force and in effect
 as our credit agreements are
 we can use them
 but we're not using them at the moment
 because we don't see any reason to do so,
 and we can save the cost
 And another area is the increase in stock by 1.6 billion compared with the beginning of this year.
 That is related to two factors, though.
 one planned
 downtime and repairs
 so we're planning to have a
 downtime of
 the
 suspension furnace
 which is
 really a huge project
 So we need to prepare our company to have the stock at every stage of the process for the downtime of that important flash furnace.
 We're also preparing for other repairs, other work.
 we're going to do
 like the
 an old
 carousel
 filling machine
 other
 major
 work we're going
 to perform, and the other
 area is the uncertainty
 surrounding the supply chain
 we have seen that over the last couple of months
 where we were confronted
 with a serious
 breakdown in one
 of concentrate suppliers
 a very important supplier
 and you know
 how
 unavailable
 vessels are
 for transportation, and in order to ensure continuous production of copper, we are keeping
 stock at a slightly higher level
 because we made a commitment in that respect
 in the sense that we would like to test the possibility of increasing our production volume
 from one ear to the other
 and in order to do so
 We need to optimize all production areas, including the smelting operations so that
 And we can optimize that process in terms of the selection of the material and in terms
 of the processes themselves
 so that
 we need to make sure that
 there's melted plants
 as well as the Zedinia plant
 have the resources to optimize production this year and next year.
 But looking at stock, we're not only thinking about a long, short-term, one-year horizon.
 We're looking forward long term and would like to streamline our production and make
 it more efficient.
 And the debt has not changed at the end of quarter three.
 that that's not changed really
 we received
 cash from
 and TGHM International, as I've mentioned.
 but we also
 had a
 Well, a situation which is stable, really, not much changed.
 the only change
 was a slightly lower cash position.
 The net debt increased, but the debt in terms of the banking debt has not changed.
 so we repaid
 these burrowings
 in the second quarter, and this is why
 we're not mentioning them.
 let me give the floor to Adam Bugajczyk now
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, now let me focus on advancement of development initiatives.
 well as for the projects fulfilled
 to her, well it's not so
 impressive, maybe, but
 we're doing that
 on budget and on time
 so for example
 the southern quarter
 was finished
 six months ahead of the
 schedule, which shows that
 we coping with the present situation
 we're all aware of the
 broken supply chains
 unavailable
 materials and
 all these
 minor challenges
 that we're facing in some smaller projects
 but we're really trying to resolve the problems as they arise
 and fulfill our objectives on time.
 of GGP the role is increasing by 30% year to year in all areas of our
 production, extraction
 and also
 the
 copper content
 of the head grade
 and silver
 is also becoming more and more important
 in that area
 we have also
 began drilling an exploratory
 bone hole
 for bitum
 our license
 there
 and
 at the end of the third quarter
 we were
 training exploratory
 both holes that could
 So, well, these are the results of our project.
 so the southern quarter that I've mentioned
 which is like
 they jewel in the crown
 and this is a very complex operation
 well it's lost
 more than three years
 and has been completed successfully.
 that we have
 sent or deposited
 the first waster
 and we've really
 managed to complete that
 very successfully.
 as for the access
 program
 GG1 is sunk to 1,295 meters.
 we have no problems there
 and comments
 shaft sinking procedures are on the way
 for GG2.
 We have also the central air cooling system on the surface.
 so all
 our key projects
 are being delivered
 on time and on budget.
 Now, the energy development program, including renewables.
 so we are showing
 the work which is on the way
 to increase our renewables potential, energy potential, including renewables.
 we
 continue our work to increase
 the share of renewables, and we have
 been doing that
 turn very consistently.
 As for the share of renewables in our own energy production, that's what our CEO Martin
 said about our climate
 policy, all of these
 our tools to implement
 our climate policy
 to bring us closer to our
 neutrality target
 an ambitious
 parameters so that in 2030
 a half of that energy
 consumption is met by our own energy sources, including renewables in 2030, what Sira Gorda
 will be supplied 100% from renewables and so that's the situation
 Ladies and gentlemen, we will now have a Q&A session.
 we would like to thank you
 for the
 positive comments
 and feedback we've received from you
 on our climate policy
 Before I give the floor to Janusz Krystosiak, let me read one question about the climate policy and not the results.
 the question we received
 is about page 10 in the presentation
 which says that the decarbonization program for the group will be adopted,
 will be
 hear about the details
 of that publicly, it will
 we presented the program I mean in 2022.
 And then, according to our information and disclosures, policy, information which is significant for investors will be made public.
 So, well, we have also a presentation which is broad in scope, a detailed presentation,
 which is a discussion
 of our climate policy
 so we can also read that
 It's important not to make a mistake here.
 so the question
 was about the decarbonization of the
 group. So in our
 document we assumed
 how much we're emitting
 in our smelting and mining
 operations so we know what to do
 to achieve the right targets
 in 2030 and also
 to meet the zero emissions
 target and also
 to take a comprehensive approach
 and tackle all aspects.
 and we would like
 to have a
 big picture of the whole group
 including our
 companies
 and some
 siege ruins
 and also to implement the right measures to achieve the zero emissions target in our some
 We know what's happening in the parent company, and 2022 will be about the subsidiaries in
 our group of companies.
 thank you
 Janusz Krystoszak
 Head of Investors
 relations will have the Q&A.
 Thank you.
 Let me begin with a number of questions which will be about our foreign operations.
 and
 these will be
 directed first to
 Paweł Gruzo
 Łukasz Ludnik-Trygion, investment expenditure on the Victoria project have been growing noticeably in the last quarter.
 what is the scale
 of spending in 2022
 and onward
 well
 are we not
 projecting that
 we are in the
 middle of our budgeting
 work and some of their things
 have not been finished
 So I don't think we can tell you everything right now.
 That's clear.
 Okay. Thank you for that question.
 so the
 CAPEX on Victoria
 has a different nature.
 There are different
 kinds of
 capex some of the spending
 is to meet the local regulatory requirements in Canada.
 and the other expenditures
 are to ensure for our KGHM that we have the flexibility in our Victoria project contracts.
 and that is
 why we have embarked on investment projects this year.
 But talking about 2022, we're preparing the budget session, so it's really hard to tell at this point in time.
 we're looking at several options though
 and
 well I mean the options for the
 Victoria budget
 and these decisions will be made at the board level
 and that is why
 I am not in a position
 to comment on that question
 in precise terms at this moment.
 moment.
 a question from
 to Paweł Gruza.
 could we
 ask you for an
 update on the information concerning the extraction
 tax mining tax in Chile well there's been no significant change so far we
 waiting for the situation to develop in Chile now we have been watching these
 developments. As I have told you,
 Well, see what God
 draw
 some tax and legal security measures to ensure that the effect of these changes if they happen
 will be deferred in time for Sierra Gorda.
 Thank you.
 and two more questions
 our foreign operations
 and the market.
 at her.
 So what are the order levels from Chinese customers
 and what are the expectations
 for demand
 from China in 2022?
 Do they fear a slowdown on the housing market?
 And what about green energy development in China?
 and are they foreseeing any constraints in the use of energy?
 well that's a good question
 well
 We are in touch with the Chinese market by being in touch with a company which imports
 anodes, copper anodes
 to China directly
 and we've not seen
 a significant slowdown
 in Chinese economy
 judging by that
 trading relationship
 The other area is the concentrate market, but we've not seen any problems either.
 and we
 see the demand
 for that
 material
 from the smelters
 we've not seen
 is they're going to
 and slow down there.
 Is the increase of premium and copper related to higher demand,
 or maybe it's to offset the energy prices which have increased.
 Are you talking about the premium in China?
 to supply high-quality concentrate for smelters,
 and that is what is driving the premium and the prices up.
 I don't know which premium the question is about.
 Okay, I see.
 or we will
 ask about that
 and
 provide the answer to that question on our website
 when we clarify with the ASCA.
 and a question from
 Łukasz Rudnik
 pull the business
 to a newspaper
 the question is about
 the period
 for the decision
 of the
 preemptive
 right to buy
 block in
 shares in
 in Sierra Gorda.
 Well,
 the periods are
 for the board
 Well, the board has time until end of November to announce that decision.
 so I would not expect
 any comment from the board
 this moment
 all the information
 will be provided
 on the decision of the board
 in accordance with all the information
 procedures. Yes, we've not
 come to the decision yet.
 the energy
 price is
 energy from
 gas and the grid
 for your own poly nets.
 are they hedged for next year
 and what is the scale
 of the costs with the same production volume
 forum, KGHM Poland.
 most of our demand
 for gas and electricity has been fixed for next year.
 I wouldn't actually say hedged.
 We don't use hedging or derivative instruments on energy.
 we simply use forward
 prices.
 so that's
 in the bag so to speak
 obviously we never buy
 100% in advance
 we leave some space
 for spot deals
 because of our balancing needs
 and the because of
 bargains on
 spot these. And what was the second
 part of the question
 so what will be the scale of the
 costs with the
 production scale is the same
 electricity production
 from our own
 gas
 resources
 well then
 here the gas price is lower
 than when we buy
 energy from the grid.
 That's where we maximize our own energy production assets.
 And we also keep running a prediction of energy prices, both from third-party providers and from our own assets.
 and here there are no clear answers
 because gas prices may change, as they did last month.
 And when they do, electricity production from coal was lower than from gas, despite the CO2 emission costs.
 But the situation is volatile. It changes rapidly.
 but we keep analyzing this and we decide as and when necessary.
 okay thank you very much
 We spoke about hedging.
 I could ask you to comment on another question,
 and that's the question about what is the volume of copper production
 that are secured with contracts for 2022 and 2023, and what is the average price?
 what we do
 hedging transaction
 transactions in accord
 with our hedging policy.
 Let's see.
 and this is work in progress
 we keep
 keep signing hedging transactions
 in the third quarter
 most of those transactions
 were adjustment transactions
 we took advantage of
 high prices
 so increased at the bottom
 the bottom line
 of
 transactions
 to secure higher prices.
 for silver we open the top
 at the top line waiting for
 possible
 increases on silver prices, which have been expected for a few years
 and have materialized to some extent.
 the next year is still
 being analyzed
 We've made some range transactions.
 the
 average
 level
 of
 hedging of our volume is in the area of 35%, but don't take my word for it.
 and maybe we'll provide a written answer.
 okay thank you very much
 up question from Paweł Puchowski
 from Santander
 when can we expect
 refreshment of KGHM's strategy
 we've actually
 do not
 at the
 the Economic Forum in
 Carpac we presented
 new business as
 initiatives
 or energy policy initiatives, those that were either impossible in 2018 or were not identified in 2018.
 so the strategy
 The update is an ongoing process, so whenever any new circumstances arise, we do that.
 We also have a certain perspective that we follow and an extension of this strategic perspective is also possible.
 some processes
 Some projects take 10 years or more, and that's a living thing, and the process is always ongoing.
 Thank you very much.
 a question from Pulse Business
 in the context of Belarus.
 if Belarus
 decides to
 suspend
 gas supplies, will this affect KGHM? Do you have any other goods that you import from
 Belarus
 well this is a difficult situation
 from the perspective of state security
 but it doesn't affect us
 The gas that we use comes from deposits that are present locally.
 so our gas supplies
 are different
 than the country average so to speak
 Of course, the volume of those deliveries is very high, but there are no key volumes that would be imported from Belarus,
 whether it's gas or anything else.
 Thank you very much
 Okay, let me go back to Mr. Gruza, a question from Santander.
 How would you explain the excellent results of KGHM International in the third quarter?
 Thank you.
 Well, let me say this again.
 In the beginning of the COVID crisis, we managed to renegotiate a number of cost contracts.
 We optimized many investments, and this reduced our cost.
 on the other hand we maintained or sometimes we even improved our
 our production. So when you combine these two factors with one more factor, and that
 is the macroeconomic climate and metal prices.
 so when you do the maths
 you will get the results
 that you can see on KGHM International and Sierra Gorda.
 and
 until this favorable
 macronomic situation continues
 we will be enjoying the benefits of it.
 it. 2021 has been very favorable in terms of geology, both for international and for Sierra
 Gorda, next year
 there will be more challenges
 related to tripping
 in
 Robinson
 So we will have to remove a lot of overburden to get access to new ore deposits.
 But it seems that our operations have been optimized in terms of our deposit management policy.
 Thank you very much.
 apologies
 I'm trying to
 to
 to eliminate
 It's a duplicate questions.
 Here comes another
 Úkasa Drudnik from Trigano.
 what
 wage increases and
 bonus increases can be
 expect it next year, what are
 the demands of trade unions as of now.
 Well, nothing extraordinary has been happening in this regard.
 anything in addition to
 our collective bargaining
 So we adjust the wages to the average industrial wages coefficient.
 And we don't know the coefficient for the next year because it's published after the end of the year.
 So we don't actually try to project it.
 But year after year, we increase the wages by what is required in collective bargaining.
 and we will be able to calculate
 that increase when it's published by
 the statistical
 Office of Poland, and what will be the CAPEX related to the climate policy other than the
 SMR project
 So another budget question, isn't it?
 Some of those capexes are already included in our budget
 because these are the things that have been going on regardless of our climate policy.
 For instance, in 2018, we assumed that 50% of our energy sources will be renewable.
 there are some projects that need to be counted or calculated
 some of them are
 experimental, such as
 carbon capture and storage
 So only after we investigate these technologies in detail, we'll be able to calculate the related cost.
 So we know some of the costs, and they are included in our annual CAPEX budgets.
 budgets, other costs, especially those that we're looking at in the context of 2050, still
 need to go through the R&D phase then we need to select the practical solution
 and only then we can calculate the related cost.
 Thank you very much.
 Jakub Szkopek, Erste Group
 asks
 a question to Mr. Bugajczuk
 Could you give us some details?
 details about
 the suspension furnace
 renovation
 and go off one
 and Gogov 2, what is the period, what is the expected downtime of the furnace?
 That's about
 Guoguf 2 smelting plant
 and
 we have
 been
 discussing about
 how to optimize the downtime, it will be 70-something days.
 we don't know how much exactly
 Okay, another question from Jakub Skopek.
 have you
 scene
 any problems
 in terms of supplies
 of rare metals
 in the context of
 limited supplies from China
 Well, as I mentioned when I spoke about our investments, we do have some minor problems,
 problems but we've been in the marketplace
 for 60 years
 and we have a very good understanding of the marketplace.
 and
 we are pretty much immune
 to those minor problems
 and everything has been going on as planned.
 Thank you.
 A few more questions from Interia, Monika Borkowska.
 actually two of them have been answered
 and they were about
 the transformation
 costs and the
 expected a couple
 price levels, we don't do
 expectations
 or projections.
 we also don't make any projections
 with regards to the supply
 and demand situation.
 so I think we can skip that and Monika Borkowska also asks the following questions the phone
 One question.
 is that
 2022 perspective
 when you look at growing energy prices and maybe let's merge this question with another one
 What other important challenges other than energy prices KGHM will have to face?
 So, the 2022 perspective in the context of growing energy prices and what other major challenges will have to be faced by the company.
 Well, we've been discussing energy at length.
 we know that
 gas prices and diesel prices
 going up.
 We know what the reason for higher prices is.
 That's geopolitical situation and regulatory framework.
 So that's essentially beyond our control.
 What we control is adherence to our long-term energy transformation strategy
 and also our climate policy.
 So we do that year after year, month after month, and we want to stick to that.
 We want to increase our energy production, our energy generation assets.
 We want to optimize the price of energy we purchase from third-party suppliers.
 we also reduce
 energy consumption
 whenever possible.
 possible.
 well
 2022
 Two, well, it's actually hard to say what it's going to look like.
 The world is changing at a very rapid pace, and that pace is only increasing.
 So if you want to be a responsible manager, you can't actually make predictions for the next year.
 Well, maybe the prices will go up.
 Maybe they will go down.
 that's anybody's guess
 But we can respond to any changes.
 we can increase production
 we can
 keep our
 cost under control
 and that's how we deliver the financial results
 which, as you can see, it's still pretty much okay, despite the growing energy prices.
 and the other question was
 the other part of the question.
 I
 I guess you actually answered it.
 that was perspectives and challenges.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 There is a question from
 Robert, my
 hypotermal securities, but
 actually
 we answered that question
 because it's a question about the cost of energy transformation
 in the context of SMRs.
 that's Robert's question
 So let me answer it, actually.
 we will keep
 reporting the next steps
 So the agreement with NewScale on SMRs,
 actually it's a letter of intent has been signed and it defines a timeline in
 our obligations. We will report this as and when required. And cost aspects have been
 mentioned
 when we
 spoke about energy transformation.
 Now let me
 quickly skim through the questions
 do we have any other questions
 it seems that we do not
 actually there are more questions
 but they are about
 the things we spoke about so that's it
 from me, so thank you very much
 Thank you.
 feel free to keep submitting
 your questions to ir at
 KGHM.com
 All the questions and all the answers will be submitted at our website as soon as possible.
 now let me give the floor to Mr. Kludzinski
 Thank you for a quick summary.
 I think that...
 I believe that
 today's presentation
 has shown you the direction
 in which we have been going
 in terms of our financial performance
 and the challenges
 we have the answers to these challenges
 and we know how to cope with them.
 It's not possible to eliminate some of them in a month's time or over a year.
 Some of them require to act consistently over 10 years.
 this is the project
 of small nuclear reactors
 All these challenges we are aware of have been strategically noticed in 2050, zero emissions in climate policy.
 so we
 assume that
 we can achieve that by 2050
 and we see the possibilities
 for continued operations
 and that's very important
 so let me thank the board for the presentation
 And thank you for your attention
 and we will
 meet next time
 when we will be presenting the results
 for 2021
 Okay, so thank you very much.
 Thanks for your attention, and we will meet next time for the presentation of the results.
 Thank you.