 Good morning, good afternoon. Welcome to our online conference. We will discuss the results of the KGHM for the third quarter and for the first nine months of 2021. Apologies for the delay. Unfortunately, due to technical constraints, we had to make sure that everything runs seamlessly and we deliver the best quality transmission. That's why it took us a little bit longer. We will start with quick comments on the results. They will be commented on by Mr. Marcin Chilginski, the president of KGHM, Mr. Adam Bugajczuk, vice president for development, Mr. Paweł Gruza, vice president for foreign assets, and Mr. Andrzej Kensbok, vice president for finance. As I said, we would very much like to be here with you face to face, but for concern for the health of ourselves and our people, we had to reduce the number of live meetings and choose online events instead. Nevertheless, after the presentation, during the commentary, we will also move on to a Q&A session. Feel encouraged to submit your questions to IR at KGHM.com. All the questions that have been or will have been submitted will be answered on our website as soon as possible. Also, the transcript of this conference will be available as well. I hope that we will manage to answer as many questions as possible as possible today. So, now, let me give the floor to the CEO. Hi, hello, everyone. Welcome from Lubin on this charming, charming autumn afternoon, or actually midday. But let's not talk about weather. Let's talk about climate. Climate, which is somehow related. Why climate? This week, we have adopted KGHM climate policy. That's a sign of the times. It's somehow related to EU regulations, but it's also a matter of market requirements. We want to be transparent. We want our production to be transparent in terms of our climate agenda, and we want to be in line with the European climate agenda. That's why we adopted this document that defines what KGHM should do in response to climate change and what is the footprint of the footprint of the company, what is the impact of KGHM on the climate, what we want to do, what initiatives we want to take to reduce that footprint and to change the impact. So that's the essence of the newly adopted document. There is one quite important goal. In 2050, KGHM is to be climate neutral. There will be two two intermediate goals. In 2030, we want to reduce our emissions by 30 percent versus 2020. And we are talking about two kinds of emissions. We have range two emissions. That's emissions related to electricity production. So where CO2 emissions are related to power generation. We want to run a number of initiatives to reduce those emissions. And the other area is the so-called range one, which is our impact, sorry, our production, which, of course, generates CO2. CO2. So we want to become CO2 neutral by 2050. The agenda includes such measures as buying green energy or deployment of our own renewable energy sources. We want to be a more responsible consumer of energy. We want to use less energy. We want to use less energy and we want to maximize the share of green energy that we use. In 2050, we also want to become independent in terms of energy supplies. When it comes to our production cycle. When it comes to our production cycle, there are a number of initiatives such as add the mixture of hydrogen to our smelting processes. We want to use carbon capture and storage technologies. So the technologies that are already in place and can be deployed. There are also some technologies that are still in the development stage. And we hope they will be developed and we hope they will be developed and they will become viable in a few years. So this is what we want to do. These are the challenges of European regulations and requirements of our clients. So in a nutshell, I'm talking about the here and now. So nine months into 2021, there are a number of key facts and figures. So the EBITDA year on year is 7.73 billion, which is greater than last year, which is a reflection of greater revenues. We sell at better prices. So our revenues grew by 31 percent. That's 21, that's 21, over 21 billion zlotties. And higher prices, the better prices are not the only factor that has contributed to this improvement. We also have a 10 percent greater production of copper. We have been following our plans, our strategy with greater production. We are immune to lower prices, but we are very happy to have the tailwind. We have greater prices in 2019 or 2018. The prices were very low. In April 2019, it was $4,600 per tonne. And we still managed. We reduced our costs. We increased our production. But these figures are the most important findings. Now, I will give the floor to Andrej Kinsborg, who will tell you more about the finance. The production vice president is not with us today because he has some health concerns. So we won't be talking about production in detail. Thank you very much. Good day to all of you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. We're happy about that. We want to maintain this top two position. When it comes to precious metals, we have a slight decline, which is most of all related to the quality of ore in the U.S. and Canada. Mali production has not changed. Mali content in the ore in Chile remains stable. Now, let's take a look at KGHM Poland. Now, let's take a look at KGHM Poland. The other operations will be discussed by Mr. Gruza. Here we look at mining or extraction. In terms of tonnage, we have increased our output. Also, also in terms of processing or processing operations. The output has been quite stable over last year. The copper content in the ore is slightly lower. This is related to the fact that we keep continuing our prospecting operations and the copper content cannot be predicted to a very fine degree of detail to three decimal places. But we are pretty much satisfied with what we get. We keep finding new ore deposits and we keep mining those areas that are most economically viable. Now, smelting operations. There are two important elements. That's maintenance of smelting operations and refinery operations at last year's level. Now, all the figures are presented in the presentation. Quite importantly, we have more copper production from third-party ores. This is third-party sources because we have improved the efficiency of scrap copper processing, and this is also the direction we want to go for in the future, also in the context of our climate policy. And we want to keep improving our operations in this area. And the main growth driver in silver year-on-year is KGHM Polska Mietsk. Here we have a growth from 975 tons up to 983 tons in the first three quarters of 2021. Now, let's take a look at Sierra Gorda International. So I'll give the floor to Mr. Gruza. Thank you, NJ. Ladies and gentlemen, we are happy to present these results thanks to a favorable macroeconomic situation. We focused on maximizing production in all our international assets. Also, geology has been favorable and has been a positive contributor to our results. As a result, payable copper in Sierra Gorda has grown by nearly a third. Also, silver has gone up. Obviously, we have been trying to optimize our processing operations and the costs that we pay in Sierra Gorda. Now, let's move on to KGHM International. Here we also have a 13 percent growth in payable copper production. Here the main driver is the efficiency of our mining operations in Robinson. In Robinson's, we've also been trying to extend the lifetime of the mine. So we want to keep mining in that area for the years to come. And production results are very good when it comes to silver. Some mines produce less, but because of their relative share, their contribution to the overall international results is negligible. Thank you very much. So let's move on to the financial results of the group. The first piece of news is the revenues. The revenues have grown by 31 percent year on year, up to $21,735,000,000. And this improvement is, first of all, related to changing metal prices. But there are a number of other factors that are less favorable. That's a slight decrease in sales, first of all, in KGHM International. And that's related to certain logistic problems in U.S. ports. Also in dry docks, there have been some delays and transportation resources are less available than they used to. So this we believe is temporary. We also had foreign exchange differences between the Polish Zloty and the dollar. It was 3.94, the average. 3.94 last year. Now it's 3.87. Of course, we keep track what's going on on the Zloty and the euro and the dollar. We are looking closely at what's going on in foreign exchange. Another negative factor was the adjustment of revenues on derivatives in the first three quarters. The adjustment was in the area of 1.1 billion Zloty, but there is a slight difference because of the first three quarters of the last year. So the year-on-year difference is 1.4 billion. And the positive change, the 200 million, the greatest sale of materials other than silver and copper. The quiet leader here is the sulfuric acid that we sell. We sell more of that acid and at a higher price than last year. But there is also lead, rhenium, selenium, a number of other derivative products that sell greater volumes and or at greater prices than in the first three quarters of 2020. Now let's move on to unit cost. As you can see in the slide, the unit cost is significantly higher. But when you look at the group level, if you take into account the copper tax, then the C1 cost would actually be lower in the first nine months of 2021 than in 2020. Because what we all know what the copper tax is, we know the formula, and you just can't beat the formula. It is rigid. There is no work around. But when you look at KGHM Polish copper, then the growth of the C1 cost net of the copper tax is in the range of three dollar cents per pound. And this small growth is mostly related to growing power prices, CO2 emission rights, and the cost of diesel. So these were the main cost drivers. In KGHM International, well, the C1 cost is comparable. We have a significant growth in Sierra Gorda. We have greater volumes and higher prices of additional metals that actually bring our C1 cost down. When it comes to our operating results, first of all, our EBITDA is significantly higher, 75 percent greater year on year, actually nine months, over nine months. And here you can – this is an aggregate for all the segments, so KGHM Polish copper international and Sierra Gorda. And the main driver here is higher metal prices and thus higher sales prices. It's not in this slide, but let me mention one more thing. When you look quarter by quarter, you will see that our quarter by quarter performance has been very stable, very constant. And the contribution of each quarter to the aggregate results for the three quarters has been pretty much the same. So consistently we have been building our results, and also the third quarter has made a very good contribution to the results after nine months. Now, the profit or net result, it's significantly higher, more than three times higher for the whole group compared with the three quarters of the previous year. This is mainly linked to the change in metal prices and higher revenues. But what I also mentioned during the previous revenue conference, it was related to the valuation of loans we provided to other entities, including Sierra Gorda, and also the measurement of interest accrued as well as the contrast between the negative result last year and the positive result achieved this year. And joint ventures, 1,900,000,000,000. That is the profit on involvement in joint ventures. What is also important is higher profit from sales by more than 1 billion from 1,765,000,000,000 with higher copper prices, slightly lower silver sales, and an increase in services. So we have been watching this, especially the net profit on sales, because this is the core of our operations. There's also one thing that I'd like to mention, that is the drop in our result on derivatives. It is related to the measurement of derivatives by 67 million, but also the lower valuation by 150 million. So derivatives had the impact by minus 81 million on the net result. Change in CIT, exchange differences that I mentioned previously, and the CIT is corporate income tax, so we have higher profits, so the taxes are also high. So the net result, you know, the profit remains strong and robust. And with each quarter, we've seen a significant contribution to the overall profit. But we have to mention that the increase in the costs of energy, those prices accelerated in the last quarter by 17 percent quarter to quarter. That is how energy prices have increased. We have been offsetting these higher energy prices by conservation or energy savings, but it's not possible to offset such an increase in energy prices by reducing the consumption only. And now, let me move on to our cash flows. So there are three important factors here. So the first one is the allocation of the profit. The second is the change in the working capital, and that was related to us knowingly abandoning the use of some of the factoring contracts. It's one billion zloty. We see no need to use factoring in these areas, and this is how we can save on the costs, financing costs of these contracts. The contracts remain valid. They are in full force and in effect, as our credit agreements are. We can use them, but we're not using them at the moment because we don't see any reason to do so, and we can save the cost. And another area is the increase in stock by 1.6 billion compared with the beginning of this year. That is related to two factors. One, planned downtime and repairs. So we're planning to have a downtime of the suspension furnace, which is really a huge project. So we need to prepare our company to have the stock at every stage of the process for the downtime of that important flash furnace. We're also preparing for other repairs, other work we're going to do, like the anode carousel filling machine and other major work we're going to perform. And the other area is the uncertainty surrounding supply chain. We have seen that over the last couple of months where we were confronted with a serious breakdown in one of our concentrate suppliers, very important suppliers, and you know how unavailable vessels are for transportation. And in order to ensure continuous production of copper, we are keeping our stock at a slightly higher level, because we made a commitment in that respect in the sense that we would like to test the possibility of increasing our production volume from one year to the other. And in order to do so, we need to optimize all production areas, including the smelting operations, so that we can optimize that process in terms of the selection of the material and in terms of the processes themselves, so that we need to make sure that the smelter plants, as well as the Zedinia plant, have the resources to optimize production this year and next year. But looking at stock, we're not only thinking about a short-term one-year horizon. We're looking forward long-term and would like to streamline our production and make it more efficient. The debt has not changed at the end of quarter three. The debt's not changed, really. We received cash from KGHM International, as I've mentioned. But we also had a situation which is stable, really. Not much changed. The only change was a slightly lower cash position. The net debt increased, but the debt in terms of the banking debt has not changed. So we repaid these borrowings in the second quarter, and that is why we're not mentioning them. Let me give the floor to Adam Bugajczyk now. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, now let me focus on advancement of development initiatives. As for the projects fulfilled, well, it's not so impressive, maybe, but we're doing that on budget and on time. So, for example, the southern quarter was finished six months ahead of the schedule, which shows that we're coping with the present situation. We're all aware of the broken supply chains, unavailable materials, and all these minor challenges that we're facing in some smaller projects, but we're really trying to resolve the problems as they arise and fulfill our objectives on time. As for the role of deep Google for GDP, the role is increasing by 30 percent year to year in all areas of our production, extraction, and also the copper content of the head grade, and silver is also becoming more and more important in that area. We have also began drilling an exploratory borehole for Bytom Odrzański, our license there, and at the end of the third quarter, we were drilling exploratory boreholes at Kulów Luboszyce. So, well, these are the results of our projects. So, the southern quarter that I've mentioned, which is like the jewel in our crown, and this is a very complex operation. Well, it's lasted more than – well, it's lasted more than three years and has been completed successfully. We have sent or deposited the first waste there, and we've really managed to complete that very successfully. As for the access program, GG1 is sunk to 1,295 meters. We have no problems there. And command shaft sinking procedures are underway for GG2. We have also the central air cooling system on the surface, so all our key projects are being delivered on time and on budget. Now, the energy development program, including renewables, so we are showing the work which is on the way to increase our renewables potential, energy potential, including renewables. We continue our work to increase the share of renewables, and we have been doing that very consistently. As for the share of renewables in our own energy production, that's what our CEO, Martin, said about our climate policy. All of these are tools to implement our climate policy, to bring us closer to our neutrality target, ambitious parameters, so that in 2030, half of our energy consumption is met by our own energy sources, including renewables in 2030. What's here at Gorda will be supplied 100 percent from renewables. So that's the situation. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now have a Q&A session. We would like to thank you for the positive comments and feedback we've received from you on our climate policy. Before I give the floor to Janusz Krzysztośak, let me read one question about the climate policy and not the results. The question we received is about page 10 in the presentation, which says that the decarbonization program for the group will be adopted. Will we hear about the details of that publicly? Hopefully, it will be presented, the program, I mean, in 2022. And then, according to our information and disclosures policy, information which is significant for investors will be made public. We have also a presentation which is broad in scope, a detailed presentation, which is a discussion of our climate policy, so we can also read that. It's important not to make a mistake here, so the question was about the decarbonization of the group. So in our document, we assumed how much we're emitting in our smerting and mining operations. We know what to do to achieve the right targets in 2030 and also to meet the zero-emissions target and also to take a comprehensive approach and tackle all aspects. And we would like to have a big picture of the whole group, including our companies and subsidiaries, and also to implement the right measures to achieve the zero-emissions target in our subsidiaries. We know what's happening in the parent company, and 2022 will be about the subsidiaries in our group of companies. Thank you. Janusz Krystoszak, head of investors relations, will head the Q&A. Thank you. Let me begin with a number of questions which will be about our foreign operations. And these will be directed first to Paweł Gruza. Łukasz Ludnik-Trygion, investment expenditure on the Victoria project have been growing noticeably in the last quarter. What is the scale of spending in 2022 and on what? Well, we're not projecting that we are in the middle of our budgeting work, and some of the things have not been finished. So I don't think we can tell you everything right now. That's clear. Okay. Thank you for that question. Thank you for that question. Yes, thank you for that question. Thank you for that question. So this is why we have embarked on investment projects this year. Talking about 2022, we're preparing the budget session so it's really hard to tell at this point in time. we're looking at several options there and well I mean the options for the Victoria budget and these decisions will be made at the board level and that is why I am not in a position to comment on that question in precise terms at this moment and a question from to Pavel Gruza could we ask you for an update on the information concerning the extraction tax mining tax in Chile well there's been no significant change so far we waiting for the situation to develop in Chile no we have been watching these developments as I've told you with Sierra Gorda there are some tax and legal security measures to ensure that the effect of these changes if they happen will be deferred in time for Sierra Gorda thank you and two more questions our foreign operations and the market so what are the order levels from Chinese customers and what are the expectations for demand from China in 2022 I do they fear a slow down on how the housing market and what about green energy and development in China and are they foreseeing any constraints in the use of energy well that's a good question well we in touch with the Chinese market by a but being in touch with a company which imports anodes copper anodes to China directly and we've not seen any significant slowdown in Chinese economy judging by that trading relationship the other area is the concentrate market but we've not seen any problems either and we see that the demand for that material from the smelters and we've not seen any significant slowdown there is the increase of premium copper related to higher demand or maybe it's to offset the energy prices which have increased are you talking about the premium in China yes I think so I think there are a number of reasons for this generally though there is a need to supply high quality concentrate for smelters and that is what is driving the premium and the price in the is up I don't know which which premium the question is about okay I see we will ask about that and provide the answer to that question on our website when we clarify with the Oscar and a question from from Lukas Rudnik pulled business newspaper the question is about the period the question is about the period for the decision of the preemptive right to buy a block in shares in Sierra Gowda well the period for the board well the board has time until end of November to announce that decision so I would not expect any comment from the board at this moment all the information will be provided on the decision of the board in accordance with all the information procedures yes we've not come to the decision yet the energy prices energy from gas and the grid for your own power units are they hedged for next year and what is the scale of the cost with the same production the volume volume for KGHM Poland most of our demand for gas and electricity has been fixed for next year I wouldn't actually say hedged we don't use hedging or derivative instruments on energy we simply use forward prices so that's in the bag so to speak obviously we never buy 100% in advance we leave some space for spot deals because of our balancing needs and because of bargains on spot deals and what was the second part of the question so what will be the scale of the cost with the production scale is the same electricity production from our own gas resources well then here the gas price is lower than when we buy energy from the grid that's where we maximize our own energy production assets and we also keep running a projection of the grid and we also keep running a projection of energy prices both from third party providers and from third party providers and from our own assets and here there are no clear answers because gas prices may change as they did last month and when they do electricity production from coal was lower than from coal was lower than from gas despite the CO2 emission costs but the situation is volatile but the situation is volatile it changes rapidly but we keep analyzing this and we decide how to do this and how to do this and how to do this and how to do this and how to do this. okay thank you very much we spoke about hedging okay thank you very much we spoke about hedging I could ask you to comment on another question and that's the question about what is the volume of copper production that are secured with contracts for 2022 and 2023 and what is the average price? well we do hedging transactions in accordance with our hedging policy and this is work in progress we keep signing hedging transactions in the third quarter most of those transactions were adjustment transactions we took advantage of high prices so we increased the bottom line of transactions to secure higher prices for silver we opened the top line waiting for possible increases on silver prices which have been expected for a few years and have materialized to some extent the next year is still being analyzed we've made some range transactions the average level of hedging of our volume is in the area of 35% but don't take my word for it maybe we'll provide a written answer okay thank you very much no question from Paweł Puchowski from Santander when can we expect a refreshment of KGHM strategy we've actually done that at the economic forum in Carpac we presented new business initiatives or energy policy initiatives those that were either impossible in 2018 or were not identified in 2018 so the strategy update is an ongoing process so whenever any new circumstances arise we do that we also have a certain perspective that we follow and an extension of the strategic perspective the strategic perspective is also possible some processes some projects take 10 years or more and they are that's a living thing and the process is always ongoing thank you very much a question from Puls Business in the context of Belarus if Belarus decides to suspend gas supplies will this affect KGHM do you have any other and do you have any other goods that you import from Belarus well this is a difficult situation from the perspective of state security but it doesn't affect us the gas that we use comes from deposits that are present locally so our gas supplies are different than the country average so to speak of course the volume of those deliveries is very high but there are no key volumes that would be imported from Belarus whether it's gas or anything else or anything else thank you very much thank you very much okay let me go back to Mr. Gruza a question from Santander how would you explain the excellent results of KGHM International in the third quarter well let me say this again in the beginning of the COVID crisis we managed to renegotiate a number of cost contracts we optimized we optimized many investments and this reduced our cost on the other hand we maintained or sometimes we even improved our production so when you combine these two factors with one more factor and that is the macroeconomic climate and metal prices so when you do the math you will get the results that you can see on KGHM International and Sierra Gorda and until this favorable macronomic situation continues we will be enjoying the benefits of it 2021 has been very favorable in terms of geology both for international and for Sierra Gorda next year there will be more challenges related to tripping in Robinson we will have to remove a lot of overburden to get access to new ore deposits but it seems that our operations have been optimized in terms of our deposit management policy thank you very much apologies I'm trying to eliminate duplicate questions here comes another from Trigono what wage increases and bonus increases can be expected next year what are the demands of trade unions as of now well nothing extraordinary has been happening in this regard anything in addition to our collective bargaining so we adjust wages to the average industrial wages coefficient we don't know the coefficient for the next year because it's published after the end of the year so we don't actually try to project it but year after year we increase the wages by what is required in collective bargaining and we will be able to calculate that increase when it's published by the Statistical Office of Poland and what will be the capex related to the climate policy other than the SMR project so another budget question isn't it some of those capexes are already included in our budget because these are the things that have been going on regardless of our climate policy for instance in 2018 we assumed that 50% of our energy sources will be renewable there are some projects that need to be counted or calculated some of them are experimental such as carbon capture and storage so only after we investigate these technologies in detail we'll be able to calculate the related cost so we know some of the cost and they are included in our annual capex budgets other costs especially those that we're looking at in the context of 2050 still need to go through the R&D phase then we need to select the practical solution and only then we can calculate the related cost thank you very much Jakub Skopek, Erste Group asks a question to Mr. Bugajczuk could you give us some details about the suspension furnace renovation in Gwagov 1 and Gwagov 2 what is the period what is the expected downtime of the furnace that's about Gwagov 2 smelting plant and we have been discussing about how to optimize the downtime it will be 70 something days we don't know how much exactly ok another question from Jakub Skopek have you seen any problems in terms of supplies of rare metals in the context of limited supplies from China well as I mentioned when I spoke about our investments we do have some minor problems but we've been in the marketplace for 60 years and we have a very good understanding of the marketplace and we are pretty much immune to those minor problems and everything has been going on as planned thank you a few more questions from Interia Monika Borkowska actually two of them have been answered and they were about the transformation costs and the expected copper price levels we don't do expectations or projections we also don't make any projections with regards to the supply and demand situation so I think we can skip that and Monika Borkowska also asks the following questions the following question what is the 2022 perspective when you look at growing energy prices and maybe let's merge this question with another one what other important challenges other than energy prices KGHM will have to face so the 2022 perspective in the context of growing energy prices and what other major challenges will have to be faced by the company well we've been discussing energy at length we know that gas prices and diesel prices are going up we know what the reason for higher prices is that's geopolitical situation and regulatory framework so that's essentially beyond our control what we control is adherence to our long-term energy transformation strategy and also our climate policy so we do that year after year, month after month and we want to stick to that we want to increase our energy production our energy generation assets we want to optimize the price of energy we purchase from third party suppliers we also reduce energy consumption whenever possible well 2022 well it's actually hard to say what it's going to look like the world is changing at a very rapid pace and that pace is only increasing so if you want to be a responsible manager you can't actually make predictions for the next year well maybe the prices will go up maybe they will go down that's anybody's guess but we can respond to any changes we can increase production we can keep our cost under control and that's how we deliver the financial results which as you can see it's still pretty much okay despite the growing energy prices and the other question was the other part of the question I guess you actually answered it that was perspectives and challenges okay thank you very much there's a question from Robert my ipotema securities but actually we answered that question because it's a question about about the cost of energy transformation in the context of SMRs that's Robert's question so let me answer it actually we will keep reporting the next steps so the agreement with New Scale on SMRs oh actually it's a letter of intent has been signed and it defines a timeline and our obligations we will report this as and when required and cost cost aspects have been mentioned when we spoke about when we spoke about energy transformation now let me quickly skim through the questions do we have any other questions it seems that we do not actually there are more questions but they are about the things we spoke about so that's it from me so thank you very much thank you feel free to keep submitting your questions to IR at KGHM.com all the questions and all the answers will be submitted at our website as soon as possible now let me give the floor to Mr. Kludzinski for a quick summary I believe that today's presentation has shown you the direction in which we have been going in terms of our financial performance and the challenges we have the answers to these challenges and how we know how to cope with them it's not possible to eliminate some of them in months time or over a year some of them require to act consistently over ten years this is the project of small nuclear reactors all these challenges we are aware of have been strategically noticed 2050 zero emissions in climate policy so we assume that we can achieve that by 2050 and we see the possibilities for continued operations and that's very important so let me thank the board for the presentation and thank you for your attention and we will meet next time when we will be presenting the results for 2021 okay so thank you very much thanks for your attention and we will meet next quarter for the presentation of the results thank you