 Good morning, good afternoon, welcome to our online conference.
 We will discuss the results of the KGHM for the third quarter and for the first nine months
 of 2021. Apologies for the delay. Unfortunately, due to technical constraints, we had to make
 make sure that everything runs seamlessly and we deliver the best quality transmission
 And that's why it took us a little bit longer.
 We will start with quick comments on the results they will be commented on by Mr. Marcin Chlodzinski,
 the president of AKGHM, Mr. Adam Bugai,
 Vice President for Development, Mr. Paweł Gruza, Vice President for Foreign Assets,
 And Mr. Andrzej Kensbog, Vice President for Finance.
 As I said, we would very much like to be here with you face-to-face, but for concern for
 the health of ourselves and our people. We had to reduce the number of live meetings
 and choose online events instead. Nevertheless, after the presentation, during the commentary,
 We will also move on to a Q&A session.
 feel encouraged to submit your questions
 to e-r-i-r-at-kjhm.com
 all the questions that have been or will have been submitted will be answered on our website
 as soon as possible.
 Also, the transcript of this conference will be available as well.
 I hope that we will manage to answer as many questions as possible today.
 So, now let me give the floor to the CEO.
 Hi, hello everyone. Welcome from Lubin on this charming, charming autumn afternoon.
 or actually midday, but let's not talk about weather, let's talk about climate, which is
 somewhere related. Why climate? This week we have adopted KGHM climate policy
 That's a sign of the times.
 It's somehow related to EU regulations,
 but it's also a matter of market requirements.
 requirements. We want to be transparent. We want our production to be transparent in
 terms of our climate agenda, and we want to be in line with the European climate agenda.
 way we adopted this document that defines what KGHM should do in response to climate
 change and what is the footprint of the company, what is the impact of KGHM on the climate,
 what we want to do, what initiatives we want to take to reduce that footprint and to change
 the impact.
 So that's the essence of the newly adopted document.
 And there is one quite important goal in 2050, KGHM is to be climate neutral, there will
 will be two intermediate goals in 2030.
 we want to reduce our emissions by 30% versus 2020.
 And we are talking about two kinds of emissions.
 We have range two emissions that's
 emissions related to electricity production.
 So, where CO2 emissions are related to power generation,
 We want to run a number of initiatives to reduce those emissions, and the other area
 is the so-called range one, which is our impact.
 impact, sorry, our production, which of course generates CO2.
 Here we want to become CO2 neutral by 2050.
 The agenda includes such measures as buying green energy or deployment of our own renewable
 energy sources, we want to be a more responsible consumer of energy.
 We want to use less energy and we want to maximize the share of green energy that we
 use.
 In 2050, we also want to become independent in terms of energy supplies, when it comes
 our production cycle there are a number of initiatives such as add the mixture of
 of hydrogen to our smelting processes.
 We want to use electromobility in our mining operations.
 operations, we want to use CCU and CCUNS, so carbon capture and storage technologies,
 So the technologies that are already in place and can be deployed, there are also some technologies
 that are still in the development stage and we hope they will be developed and they will
 become viable in a few years. So this is what we want to do. These are the challenges of
 of the European regulations and requirements of our clients.
 And here's your project on.
 I'm going to leave it there.
 Thank you.
 Have a nice day.
 Bye.
 In.
 in a nutshell, talking about the here and now,
 So nine months into 2021, there are a queue
 a number of key facts and figures.
 So the EBITDA year on year is 7.73 billion, which is greater than last year, which is
 the reflection of greater revenues.
 We sell at better prices.
 So our revenues grew by 31%.
 that's 21 of the 21 billion slottes
 And higher prices, the better prices, are not the only factor that has contributed to this improvement.
 We also have a 10% greater production of copper
 We have been following our plans, our strategy, with greater production, we are immune to
 lower prices, but we are very happy to have the tailwind, we have greater prices in 2019
 or 2018, the prices were very low.
 In April 2019, it was $4,600 per ton, and we still managed.
 we've reduced our cost, we've increased our production.
 But these figures are the most important findings.
 Now, I will give the floor to Andrzej Kinsburg, who will tell you more about the finance,
 Production, Vice President, is not with us today.
 because he has some health concerns, so we won't be talking about production in detail.
 Thank you very much. Good day to all of you. Let me start with a quick summary of our production output
 For metals, the good news is that pay copper has grown by 10.1%, 3 quarters, compared to
 the same period of 2020, all three segments of our operations have made a
 contribution. So that's domestic production from 1412 to 440,000 tons, KGHM International,
 49,000 tons to 55,000 tons and Sierra Gorda from 60 to 78,000 tons.
 I will give you the details in a second, but before I do that, let me mention Silver Production,
 which is very important to us.
 last year. The production was very high.
 we didn't actually assume such a great performance this year.
 looking at the geological parameters and the richness of the ore,
 But the results have been very good, both in terms of mining output and the content of silver in the ore,
 and also in terms of recovery performance in smelting operations.
 So the combined production of the whole group is 1,008 tons of silver in the first three-quarters of 2021.
 Last year, when we compared this to the last year figures, we can hope that we will solidify our leading position globally.
 We are the second largest silver producer in the world.
 We are very happy about that.
 we want to maintain this top two position
 position when it comes to precious metals and we have a slight decline which is most
 of all related to the quality of ore in the U.S. and Canada, molly production has not
 changed molly content in the ore and chili remains stable.
 In terms of tonnage, we have increased our output
 Also, in terms of processing or processing operations, the output has been quite stable over last year.
 The copper content in the ore is slightly lower.
 This is related to the fact...
 ...
 that we keep continuing our prospecting operations and the proper content cannot be predicted
 to a very fine degree of detail to three decimal places, but we are pretty much satisfied
 With what we get, we keep finding new all deposits and we keep mining those areas that
 that are most economically viable.
 Now, smelting operations.
 There are two important elements that maintain and maintenance of smelting operations and
 refinery operations at last year's level.
 All the figures are presented in the presentation.
 Quite importantly, we have more copper production from third-party ores.
 this is really third-party sources because we have improved the
 efficiency of a scrap copper processing and this is also the
 direction we want to go for in the future, also in the context of climate policy, and
 we want to keep improving our operations in this area.
 And the main growth driver in silver here in the earth is KJJM Polskja Mjej.
 Here we have a growth from 975 tons up to 983 tons in the first three-quarters of 2021.
 Now, let's take a look at Sierra Gorda International, so I'll give the floor to Mr. Gruza.
 Thank you, M.J.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we are happy to present these results.
 Thanks to a favorable macroeconomic situation, we focused on maximizing production in all
 our international assets.
 Also, geology has been favorable and has been a positive contributor to our results.
 As a result, payable copper in Sierra Gorda has grown by nearly a third.
 Also, silver has gone up.
 that we pay in Sierra Gorda.
 Now let's move on to Kijijim International.
 Here we also have a 13% growth in payable copy production.
 Here the main driver is the efficiency of our mining operations in Robinson.
 and...
 We've also been trying to extend the lifetime of the mine, so we want to keep mining in
 in that area for the years to come.
 and production results are very good
 when it comes to silver.
 Some minds produce less, but because of their relative share, their contribution to the overall international results is negligible.
 Thank you very much.
 So, let's move on to the financial results of the group.
 the first piece of news
 is the revenues.
 grown by 31% year-on-year up to 21,735 million and this improvement is first of all related
 to changing metal prices, but there are a number of other factors that are less favourable,
 It's a slight decrease in sales, first of all, in KJGM International, and that's related
 to certain logistic problems in U.S. ports. Also in tri-docs, there have been some delays
 some delays and transportation resources are less available than they used to, but this
 that we believe is temporary.
 We also had foreign exchange differences
 between the polyslot and the dollar, it was $3.94 the average, $3.94 last year now it's
 387 of course we keep track what's going on on the slotty and the euro and the
 dollar we are looking closely at what's going on in foreign exchange and
 Another negative factor was the adjustment of revenues on derivatives in the first three
 quarter the adjustment was in the area of 1.1 billion slotted and but there is a
 This is a slight difference because of the first three quarters of the last year, so
 the year-on-the-year difference is 1.4 billion, and the positive change, the 200 million that's
 the greatest sale of materials other than silver and copper.
 the quiet leader here is the sulfuric acid
 that we sell with more of that acid and at a higher price
 than last year. But there's also lead, rhenium, selenium, and a number of other derivative
 products that sell greater volumes and or at greater prices than in the first
 straight quarters of 2020.
 Now let's move on to unit cost. As you can see in the slide the unit cost is
 significantly higher, but when you look at the group level, if you take into account
 around the cop attacks.
 And then the C1 cost would actually be lower in the first nine months of 2021 than in 2020,
 Because what we all know about the cop attacks is we know the formula and you just can't
 beat the formula. It is rigid. There is no work around. But when you look at KGHM Polish
 copper than the growth of the C1 cost net of the the copper tax is in the range
 of three dollar cents per pound and this is this small growth is mostly related
 to growing power prices, CO2 emission rights, and the cost of diesel, so these were the
 main cost drivers. In KJGM International, well the C1 cost is comparable to what you
 We have a significant growth in Sierra Gorda.
 We have greater volumes and higher prices of additional metals that actually bring our C1 cost down.
 when it comes to our operating results.
 First of all, our EBIT is significantly higher, 75% greater year-on-year,
 actually, nine months over nine months, and here you can, this is an aggregate for all
 segments so KJG and Polish Coppa International and Sierra Gorda and the
 mean driver here is higher metal prices and does higher sales prices it's not
 in this slide, but let me mention one more thing, when you look quite a by quarter, you
 You will see that our quarter by quarter performance has been very stable, very constant, and the
 contribution of each quarter to the aggregate
 results for the three-quarters has been pretty much the same. So consistently, we have been
 building our results and also the third quarter has made a very good
 contribution to the results after nine months.
 Now the profit or net result, it's significantly higher, more than three times higher for the
 the whole group, compared with the three quarters of the previous year.
 It's mainly linked to the change in the metal prices and higher revenues, but what I also
 mentioned during the previous revenue conference.
 It was related to the valuation of loans we provided to other entities, including Cera
 and also the measurement of interest accrued, as well as the contrast between the negative
 positive result last year and positive result achieved this year and joint ventures 1,900
 million, that is the profit on involvement in joint ventures.
 What is also important is higher profit from sales by more than 1 billion from 1 billion
 765 million with higher copper prices, slightly lower sales, and increasing services, so
 We have been watching this, especially the net profits on sales,
 Because this is the core of our operations.
 There is also one thing that I like to mention, that is the drop in our result on derivatives.
 It is related to the measurement of derivatives by 67 million, but also million, but also
 at the low evaluation value 150 million,
 So derivatives had the impact by minus 8 to 1 million on the net result.
 in CIT, exchange differences that I mentioned previously, and the CIT is
 corporate income tax, so we have higher profits, so the tax is also higher. So the net result
 The profit remains strong and robust, and with each quarter we've seen a significant
 contribution to the overall profit, but we have to mention that the increase in the costs
 of energy, those prices accelerated in the last quarter by 17% quarter to quarter, that
 is how energy prices have increased.
 We have been offsetting these higher energy prices by
 a conservation of energy savings, but it's not possible to offset such an increase in
 energy prices by reducing the consumption only.
 And now let me move on to our cash flows.
 So there are three important factors here.
 So the first one is the allocation of the profit.
 The second is a change in the working capital, and that was related to us knowingly abandoning
 the use of some of the factoring contracts. It's one billion zloty. We see no need to
 need to use factoring in these areas, and this is how we can save on the costs, financing
 costs of these contracts. The contracts remain valid, they are in full force and in effect
 as our credit agreements are, we can use them, but we're not using them at the moment because
 you don't see any reason to do so, and you can save the cost.
 And another area is the increase in stock by 1.6 billion compared with the beginning
 of this year. That is related to two factors. The one is planned downtime and repairs. So
 We plan to have a downtime of the suspension furnace, which is really a huge project, so
 We need to prepare our company to have the stock at every stage of the process for the
 down time of that important flash furnace. We're also preparing for other repairs, other
 work we're going to do, like the Arnold Carousel filling machine and other major work we're
 going to perform and the other area is the uncertainty surrounding the supply
 chain, we have seen that over the last couple of months, where we were confronted with a
 a serious breakdown in one of our concentrates suppliers, a very important supplier and you
 We know how unavailable vessels are for transportation and in order to ensure continuous production
 of copper, we are keeping our stock at a slightly higher level because we made a commitment
 in that respect, in the sense that we would like to test the possibility of increasing
 our production volume from one ear to the other, and in order to do so, we need to optimize
 all production areas including the smelting operations so that we can optimize that process
 in terms of the selection of the material and in terms of the processes themselves.
 that we need to make sure that there's meltup plants as well as the sardinia
 our plant have the resources to optimize production this year and next year, but looking
 at stock, we're not only thinking about a long short term one year horizon, we're looking
 forward long-term and would like to streamline our production and make it
 more efficient, that that has not changed at the end of quarter three,
 that that's not changed really.
 We received cash from KJHM International, as I've mentioned.
 But we also had a situation which is stable, really, not much changed.
 the only change was a slightly lower cash position, the net debt increased about the
 debt in terms of the banking debt. It's not changed, so we repaid these borrowings in
 second quarter and that is why we're not mentioning them. Let me give the floor to Adam Bugajic now.
 Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, now let me focus on advancement of development initiatives.
 Well, as for the projects fulfilled, well, it's not so impressive, maybe, but we are
 doing that on budget and on time.
 so for example the southern quarter was finished six months ahead of the schedule
 which shows that we coping with the present situation,
 We are all aware of the broken supply chains, unavailable materials and all these minor
 challenges that we're facing in some smaller projects, but we're trying to resolve the
 problems as they arise and uh...
 fulfill our objectives on time.
 of GGP, the role is increasing by 30% year to year in all areas of our production, extraction
 and also the copper content of the head grade
 And silver is also becoming more and more important in that area.
 We have also began trading an exploratory borehole for Bitom Odzheinsky.
 our license there.
 And at the end of the third quarter, we were drilling exploratory
 both holes at Kulv Lubashica.
 So, well, these are the results of our project sign.
 So the seventh quarter that I've mentioned, which is like the jewel in a crown,
 And this is a very complex operation.
 Well, it's lasted more than three years and has been completed successfully.
 We have sent our depositors the first waste there and we've really managed to complete
 that very successfully as for the access program gg1 is sunk to 1 295 meters we
 have no problems there and commence shaft sinking procedures around the way
 for GG2. We have also the central air cooling system on the surface so all key
 projects are being delivered on time and on budget.
 Thank you very much for your time.
 Now, the energy development program, including renewables, so we are showing the work which
 which is on the way to increase our renewables potential,
 energy potential including renewables.
 We continue our work to increase the share of renewables, and we have been doing that
 very consistently. As for the share of renewables in our own energy production,
 That's what our CEO Martin said about our climate policy.
 All of these are tools to implement our climate policy, to bring us closer to our neutrality
 target and ambitious parameters so that in 2030 a half of our energy consumption
 is met by our own energy sources including renewables in 2030.
 What's here at Gorda will be supplied 100% from renewables.
 And so that's the situation.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we now have a Q&A session.
 We would like to thank you for the positive comments and feedback we've received from
 you on our climate policy. Before I give the floor to Janusz Krzysztosiak, let me read
 We do one question about the climate policy and other results, the question we received
 is about page 10 in the presentation which says that decarbonisation program for the
 group will be adopted, will we hear about the details of that publicly, it will be presented,
 program I'm in in 2022. And then according to our information this
 disclosures, policy, information which is significant for investors will be made public.
 Oh, hell.
 Well, we have also a presentation which is broad and scope,
 scope, our detailed presentation, which is a discussion of our climate policy, so we
 you can also read that. It's important not to make a mistake here, so the question was
 about the decarbonisation of the group. So in our document, we assumed how much we
 we are meeting in our smirking and mining operations, we know what to do to achieve the right targets
 in 2030, and also to meet the zero emissions target, and also to take a comprehensive
 approach and tackle all aspects.
 And we would like to have a big picture of the whole group, including our companies and
 subsidiaries and also to implement the right measures to achieve the zero
 emissions target in some
 We know what's happening in the parent company, and 2022 will be about the sub-seizures in
 in our group of companies.
 Thank you.
 Janusz Krystosiak head of investors relations will head the Q&A.
 Thank you.
 Let me begin with a number of questions which will be about our foreign operations.
 And these will be directed first to Pavel Gruzal,
 The investment expenditure on the Victoria project has been growing noticeably in the last quarter.
 What is the scale of spending in 2022, and on what?
 Well
 We're not projecting that we are in the middle of our budgeting work
 and some of the things have not been finished so
 I don't think we can tell you everything right now
 That's clear. Okay. Thank you for that question.
 So the Capex on Victoria has a different nature.
 There are different kinds of capex.
 Some of the spending is to meet the local regulatory requirements in Canada.
 So the other expenditures are to ensure for our KGHM that we have the flexibility in our
 Victoria project contracts and that is why we have embarked on investment
 projects this year are talking about 2022 we preparing the budget session so
 So it's really hard to tell at this point in time.
 looking at several options though and whether I'm in the options for the
 Victoria budget and these decisions will be made at the board level and that is
 why I am not in a position to comment on that question in precise terms at this moment.
 Any questions from Lukasz to Paweł Gruza?
 Could we ask you for an update on the information concerning the extraction
 tax and mining tax in Chile well there's been no significant change so far we
 waiting for the situation to develop in Chile, we have been watching these
 developments.
 as I've told you.
 Well, see you back, Goda.
 Dra.
 Som.
 tax and legal security measures to ensure that the effect of these changes if they happen
 and will be deferred in time for Sierra Gorda.
 Thank you.
 And two more questions.
 our foreign operations and the market.
 So, what are the order levels from Chinese customers and what are the expectations for
 demand from China in 2022. Do they fear a slowdown on the housing market and what about
 green energy and development in China and are they foreseeing any constraints in the
 use of energy.
 Well, that's a good question.
 Well, we in touch with the Chinese market by being in touch with a company which imports
 anodes, copper anodes to China directly and we've not seen a significant slowdown in Chinese
 economy, charting by that trading relationship.
 The other area is the Concentrate Market, but we've not seen any problems either, and
 We see the demand for that material from the smelters, and we've not seen it, and it's
 I can even slow down there.
 is the increase of premium and copper related to higher demand or maybe it's to offset the
 the energy prices which have increased.
 Are you talking about the premium in China?
 I know.
 Yes, I think so.
 I think there are a number of reasons for this.
 Generally, though, there is a need to supply higher quality concentrator for smelters,
 And that is what is driving the premium and the price is up.
 I don't know which premium the question is about.
 Okay, I see we will ask about that and provide the answer to that question on our website
 when we clarify with the asker.
 and a question from Łukasz Rudnik,
 pull the business newspaper.
 The question is about the period for the decision of the preemptive right to buy a block in shares in Siragoda.
 Well, the period for the board, well, the board has time until the end of November to
 to announce that decision.
 So I would not expect any comment from the board at this moment.
 All the information will be provided under the supervision of the President of the United
 of the Board in accordance with all the information procedures. Yes, we have not come to the decision
 yet.
 The energy prices, energy from gas, and the grade for your own polynids.
 Are they hedged for next year and what is the scale of the cost with the same production
 volume for the KJHM Poland.
 And for gas and electricity has been fixed for next year, I wouldn't actually say hedged.
 we don't use hedging or derivative instruments on
 energy, we simply use forward prices, so that's in the bag, so to speak, obviously we never
 buy 100% in advance we leave some space for spot deals because of our balancing
 needs and the because of bargains on spot these and what was the the second
 part of the question.
 So what will be the scale of the cost with the production scale is the same
 electricity production from our own gas resources well then here the gas price
 is lower than when we buy energy from the grid.
 that's where we maximise our own energy production assets and we also keep running a projection
 of energy prices, both from third party providers and from our own assets, and here there are
 no clear answers because gas prices may change as they did last month and when they do electricity
 production from coal was lower than from gas despite the CO2 emission costs, but the situation
 is volatile it changes rapidly but we keep analyzing this and we we decide
 as and when necessary.
 Okay, thank you very much. We spoke about hedging.
 I could ask you to comment on...
 Another question, and that's the question about what is the volume of copper production
 that are secured with contracts for 2022 and 2023 and what is the average price?
 Well, we do hedging transactions in accordance with our hedging policy and this is work in progress.
 keep signing a hedging transactions in the third quarter most of those
 transactions were adjustment transactions. We took advantage of high prices, so
 So we increased the bottom line of transactions to secure higher prices.
 For silver we opened the top, the top line waiting for possible increases on silver
 prices which have been expected for a few years and have materialized to some extent
 The next year is still being analysed.
 we've made some range transactions.
 The average level of hedging of our volume is in the area of 35%, but don't take my
 word for it, maybe we'll provide a written answer. Okay, thank you very much. No question
 from Paweł Puchowski from Santander, when can we expect a refreshment of KGJM's strategy?
 We've actually
 Don't add at the economic forum in Carpac.
 We presented new business initiatives or energy policy initiatives,
 those that were either impossible in 2018 or were not identified in 2018.
 so the strategy update is an ongoing process
 uh... so whenever
 and in new circumstances arise, we do that.
 We also have a certain perspective that we follow
 And an extension of the strategic perspective is also possible.
 Some processes, some projects take 10 years or more and they are, that's a living thing
 and the process is always ongoing.
 Thank you very much. A question from Paul Spiesnesu in the context of Belarus.
 If Belarus decides to suspend gas supplies, will this affect KGHM?
 Do you have any other...
 and do you have any other goods that you import from Belarus?
 Well, this is a difficult situation from the perspective of state security, but it doesn't affect us.
 the gas that we use comes from deposits that are present locally, so our gas
 supplies are different than the country average, so to speak.
 Of course the volume of those deliveries is very high, but there are no key volumes that
 would be imported from Belarus, whether it's gas or anything else.
 Thank you very much
 Okay, I'll let me go back to Mr. Grooza, a question from Santander.
 How would you explain the excellent results of KGHM International in the third quarter?
 So.
 Well
 Well, let me say that again, in the beginning of the COVID crisis, we managed to renegotiate
 a number of
 Cost Contracts
 we optimized
 optimized
 We optimized many investments and this reduced our cost.
 On the other hand, we maintained or sometimes we even improved our production.
 So, when you combine these two factors with one more factor, and that is the macroeconomic
 climate and metal prices, so when you do the maths, you will get the results that you can
 see you on KJHM International and Sierra Gorda.
 And
 And until this favorable macronomic situation continues, we will be enjoying the benefits of it.
 I don't know.
 Tenor is very important.
 2021 has been very favorable in terms of geology, both for international and for Sierra
 Gorda. Next year there will be more challenges related to tripping in
 Robinson or you will have to remove a lot of overburden to get access to new
 all deposits but it seems that our operations have been optimized in terms
 of our deposit management policy.
 Thank you very much.
 Apologies.
 I'm trying to
 to eliminate duplicate questions.
 questions. Here comes another hookah, so a little link from Trigano.
 W-what...
 Wage increases and bonus increases can be expected next year.
 What are...
 Yeah, the demands of trade unions as of now.
 Well, nothing extraordinary has been happening in this regard,
 and I think in addition to our collective ball gaining.
 So, we adjust the wages to the average,
 wages to the average, uh, average industrial wages, uh, co-efficient, we don't know the
 coefficient for the next year because it's published after the end of the year, so we
 We don't actually try to project it, but year after year, we increase the wages by what
 is required in collective burghaining, and we will be able to calculate that increase
 when it's published by the Statistical Office of Poland.
 And what will be the Capex related to the climate policy other than the SMR project.
 So another budget question, isn't it?
 Some of those k-pixies are already in the video, but some of those k-pixies are already
 are the included in our budget because these are the things that have been going on regardless
 of our climate policy. For instance, in 2018, we assumed that 50 percent of our energy sources
 will be renewable. There are some projects that need to be counted or calculated, some
 Some of them are experimental, such as carbon capture and storage, so only after we investigate
 these technologies in detail will be able to calculate the related cost.
 So, we know some of the costs and they are included in our annual KPEX budgets, other
 costs, especially those that we're looking at in the context of 2050, still need to go
 through the R&D phase, then we need to select the practical solution and only then we can
 and calculate the related cost.
 Thank you very much.
 Jakub Szkopek asked the group, asks a question to Mr Bugajczuk.
 Could you give us some details?
 about the suspension furnace renovation in Guag of I and Guag of II.
 what is the period, what is the expected downtime
 of the furnace. That's about the guag of two,
 smelting plant and
 And...
 No.
 We have been
 Discussing about how to optimize the downtime, it will be 70-something days.
 Well, we don't know how much exactly.
 Okay, another question from Jakobskopek.
 Have you seen any problems in terms of supplies of rare metals
 in the context of limited supplies from China?
 Well, as I mentioned, when I spoke about our investments, we do have some minor problems,
 But we've been in the marketplace for 60 years, and we have a very good understanding of
 the marketplace and
 We are pretty much immune to those minor problems and everything has been going on as planned.
 Thank you
 A few more questions from Interia, Monika Borkowska.
 actually two of them have been answered and they were about the transformation cost and the expected
 a couple price levels we don't do expectations
 So our projections...
 I don't know.
 Oh.
 We also don't make any projections with regards to the supply and demand situation.
 So I think we can skip that.
 And Monika Borkowska also asks the following questions.
 One question.
 is the 2022 perspective when you look at growing energy prices and maybe let's merge this
 question with another one, what other important challenges other than energy prices KGHM will
 have to face.
 So, the 2022 perspective in the context of growing energy prices and what other major
 challenges will have to be faced by the company.
 Well, we've been discussing energy at length. We know that gas prices and diesel prices are going up.
 We know what the reason for higher prices is that's geopolitical situation and regulatory framework.
 So that's essentially beyond our control. What we control is adherence to our long-term energy transformation strategy.
 And also, our climate policy, so we do that year after year, month after month, and we
 want to stick to that.
 that we want to increase our energy production, our energy generation assets.
 who want to optimize the price of energy we purchase
 from third-party suppliers, we also reduce energy consumption whenever possible.
 Well, 2022, well, it's actually hard to say what it's going to look like.
 The world is changing at a very rapid pace, and that pace is only increasing, so if you
 You want to be a responsible manager.
 You can't actually make predictions for the next year.
 Well, maybe the prices will go up.
 Maybe they will go down.
 that's anybody's guess.
 But we can respond to any changes.
 If we can increase production, we can keep our cost under control and that's how we
 deliver the financial result which as you can see it's still pretty much okay
 despite the growing energy prices.
 And the other question was, the other part of the question.
 I guess you actually answered it.
 that was perspectives and challenges.
 Okay, thank you very much.
 There's a question from
 Robert's my
 He put down my securities, but actually we answered that question because it's a question
 about the cost of energy transformation in the context of SMRs.
 That's Robert's question, so let me answer it, actually.
 We will keep reporting the next steps, so at the agreement with Newscale on SMRs, actually
 It's a letter of intent.
 has been signed and it defines a timeline and our obligations and we will
 report this as and when required and cost
 cost aspects have been mentioned
 and when we spoke about energy transformation.
 Let me quickly skim through the questions, do we have any other questions?
 seems that we do not, and actually there are more questions, but they are about the things
 we spoke about, so that's it from me. So thank you very much. Thank you. Feel free to keep
 submitting your questions to IR at kghm.com all the questions and all the answers will
 be submitted at our website as soon as possible. Now let me give the floor to Mr. Klujinski
 Thank you for a quick summary.
 I believe that today's presentation has shown you the direction in which we have been going
 in terms of our financial performance and the challenges.
 We have the answers to these challenges, and we know how to cope with them.
 It's not possible to eliminate some of them in months, time, or over a year.
 Some of them require to act consistently over 10 years.
 This is the project of small nuclear reactors.
 All these challenges we are aware of have been strategically and noticed 2050 zero
 emissions in climate policy. So we assume that we can achieve that by 2050 and we see
 the possibilities for continued operations.
 And that's very important.
 So let me thank the board for the presentation and thank you for your attention and we will
 meet next time when we will be presenting the results for 2021. Okay so
 So thank you very much, thanks for your attention and we will meet next time for the presentation
 of the results.
 Thank you.