 Good morning and welcome to Edgewell's first quarter fiscal year 2022 earnings conference call.
 All participants will be in listen-only mode.
 Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing star
 than zero on your telephone keypad.
 After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions.
 To ask a question, you may press star then 1 on your telephone keypad.
 to withdraw your questions.
 Please press star then two.
 Please note this event is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Chris Goff.
 investor relations.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us this morning for
 Redwell's first quarter fiscal year 2022 earnings call. With me this morning, our
 Rod Little, our president and chief executive officer, and Dan Sullivan, our chief financial
 officer.
 we'll kick off the call then hand it over to Dan to discuss our results and
 and four year 22 outlook before we transition to Q&A.
 This call is being recorded, and will be available to replay
 to our website, www.edgewell.com.
 During the call, we may make statements about our expectations for future plans and performance.
 This might include future sales, earnings, advertising, and promotional spending, product
 launches, savings and costs related to restructuring,
 changes to our working capital metrics.
 currency fluctuations, commodity costs, category value, future plans for return of capital
 those shareholders, and more.
 Any such statements are forward-looking statements, which reflect our current views with respect
 to future events.
 These statements are based on assumptions and are subject to various risks and uncertainties
 including those described under the captioned risk factors in our end report on Form 10K
 for the year ended September 30th, 2021, as may be amended in our quarterly reports on
 form 10Q. These risks may cause our actual results to be materially different from those
 as expressed or implied by our forward-looking statements.
 We do not assume any obligation to update or revise any of these forward-looking statements
 to reflect new events or circumstances, except as required by law.
 During this call, we refer to certain non-gap financial measures.
 These non-gap measures are not prepared in accordance
 would generally accept that accounting principles.
 a reconciliation of the non-gap financial measures
 to the most directly comparable GAT measures,
 it's shown in our press release issue earlier today,
 which is available at the investor relations section
 on our website.
 Management believes these non-gap measures provide
 investors with valuable information
 on the underlying trends of our business.
 with that, I would like to turn the call over to Rod.
 Thanks, Chris.
 Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our first quarter earnings call.
 As you saw in the results we posted earlier today, the improving underlying consumer demand
 that we witnessed in many of our categories
 as we exited fiscal 2021.
 continued in the first quarter.
 as the category strengthened.
 So, too, did our market share results.
 In the quarter, we grew organic net sales 2.5%,
 with growth coming from all three segments of the business,
 led by Suncare, Women's Shave, Feminine Care,
 than men's grooming.
 Importantly, our organic growth was driven by both volume
 and price gains in the quarter.
 We also had growth across all geographic regions and, importantly, started to see the first signs of recovery in important markets in Asia and Latin America.
 Our aggregate market share in North America increased in the quarter, led by sun care,
 wet ones and disposable razors.
 And in international markets, we were pleased to see continued share gains in Japan and
 in most Latin American markets.
 In addition to our strong top-line performance, we also executed well on the bottom line,
 delivering $0.42 of adjusted earnings per share.
 and $69.7 million of adjusted EBITDA in the quarter,
 despite significant cost-head wins resulting from increased inflationary pressure across
 many commodities, freight and distribution costs, as well as increasing COVID-19 related
 impacts on our labor force.
 These challenges impacted our ability to meet elevated demand in the quarter particularly in women's branded shave
 shave, shave preps, and feminine care.
 Our organization is working relentlessly to mitigate the impacts of higher costs and supply constraints on the business, while remaining focused on executing against our strategic priorities.
 And we'll take you through more details on the supply chain environment and the impact on our business in a moment
 I'm also pleased with how our team designed and now is executing our price increases.
 Thoughtfully balancing a strategy of price leadership with fast followership
 reflective of category, brand, and market.
 and we will continue to explore further opportunities
 as inflationary pressures remain at all time high levels.
 Let me now.
 to the progress we're making on some of our key strategic priorities, including the investment
 in our people and brands in support of our goal to deliver sustained top-line growth.
 Our performance this quarter is again a testament to our team members who have executed with
 excellence in an increasingly challenging environment.
 As you've heard me say before,
 We've built a people-first culture,
 And we continue to prioritize the safety and well-being
 of all of our teammates.
 The protocols we initiated nearly two years ago
 have been refined and augmented as the pandemic has evolved,
 ensuring a safe and effective work environment
 across all of our offices, manufacturing and distribution
 facilities. We've made the COVID-19 vaccine readily available to all employees, to vaccine
 clinics, some of which have been on site, and offered paid time off for employees to
 to get vaccinated.
 conscious of the impact the pandemic has had on our employees, we've implemented several
 initiatives to date in support of their mental health and well-being.
 And finally, in 2021, we also rewarded our teammates with their dedication and contributions
 to our success during the pandemic with multiple cash bonuses awarded to our frontline workers
 and a one-time cash award for all hourly and salaried
 corporate individuals who previously were not bonus eligible.
 But as well we value our teammates and remain committed to our people first objective.
 In addition to the investments in our team members, we also made meaningful investments
 in our brands and in key markets which contributed to strong sales and share growth in the quarter
 in two important areas of the business.
 the Suncare segment, and the Japan market.
 In Suncare, we have already secured meaningful new club channel distribution
 compelling shelf gains in mass both in aisle and secondary displays and we're
 are encouraged by the pace of recovery we're seeing in several international markets.
 strong distribution gains are a direct outcome of consecutive seasons of share
 gains in the United States. And when combined with our expertise in procurement and formulation,
 position us well for the critical sun season ahead.
 And in Japan, our second-largest country based on sales,
 The investments we've made in the men's hydro relaunch drove
 increase shelf presence and share gains.
 the men's hydro relaunch in japan is just one example
 of the innovation we're bringing to consumers this year.
 In North America, a rebranded Chick portfolio will be on shelf later this month, reinforcing
 both the authentic and emotional connection between the brand and our consumers, and the
 unparalleled functional product benefits we provide as part of Men's Daily Shave Regimen.
 In Suncare, Banana Boat is targeting the unmet needs in our core sport and kids' franchises.
 with sport and kids' role on SPF 60.
 a new 100% mineral sea spray while Hawaiian traffic is launching a unique mineral powder
 brush made with 100% mineral actives that mattifies while protecting your skin in a
 convenient brush format.
 And in men's grooming, we're combining the inherent equity
 and credibility of the CREMO brand with the unmatched blade technology of Edgewell to
 launch a new premium razor to compete in the more premium end of the category.
 These are just a few examples of the commitment we have made to increasing our capabilities
 in the areas of brand building
 and consumer-centric innovation.
 And I'm personally excited about the progress we are making.
 And finally, in addition to the organic investments,
 we're making.
 We completed our acquisition of Billy in the quarter, adding the fast-growing digitally
 leading DTC brand to our strong and differentiated portfolio of women's shaving
 brands, including Intuition, Shekhaidra
 and skintimid. And the timing couldn't be better as Billy has just begun its
 national retail launch exclusively in Walmart.
 By the end of February, Billy Shave Essentials
 including the starter kit, travel case,
 blade refills, and a new whip-shave cream will be in over 4,000 Walmart stores and fully
 supported by in-isle and in-cap signage and display.
 Edgewell is now playing the role of Disruptor to the Category at Retail, combining a uniquely
 strong brand with expertise in distribution and retail execution.
 So in summary, we are seeing a healthier demand environment across many of our categories,
 particularly in the United States.
 And we are encouraged by the recovery beginning
 in other regions of the world.
 Second, with improving demand environment,
 we remain committed to investing in our brands
 in executing on our strategic priorities.
 Third, our teams remain focused and agile,
 even as the operating environment becomes increasingly
 challenging.
 as we continue to see heightened cost pressures
 across the many commodity categories, as well as higher
 wages and transportation costs.
 Our teams will continue to focus on service
 while executing our productivity and efficiency efforts
 to help mitigate some of these cost deadwinds
 while ensuring our product remains available
 for our customers.
 We are executing at price increases as well.
 while continuing to evaluate further price measures in certain markets.
 And finally, as evidenced by our dividend and share buyback execution, we remain committed
 to a balanced and disciplined approach to capital allocation and returning value to
 shareholders. And now I'd like to ask Dan to take you through our first quarter results
 and also provide details on our outlook for fiscal 2022.
 Thank you, Rod, and good morning, everyone. As Rod discussed, this was a good start to the year, with our top and bottom line performance in line with expectations
 driven by improved demand and good execution by our teams.
 despite increasing supply chain challenges and mounting cost headwinds.
 Additionally, we continue to make good progress against our strategic initiatives, which
 help to drive more predictable top-line growth and enable disciplined commercial
 investment.
 Importantly, we delivered productivity savings in the quarter that were in line with expectations,
 despite the deteriorating macro-supply environment.
 Our true testament to the organization's capabilities to both structurally address
 and continue to navigate heightened supply chain challenges.
 For the quarter, organic net sales increased 2.5 percent.
 gross margin decreased 140 basis points or 90 basis points organically.
 A&P spend increased $5 million and 90 basis points in rate of sale.
 at SG&A improved 110 basis points in rate of sales.
 Adjust the DPS.
 decreased 2%.
 However, core adjusted EPS grew over 9% in the quarter.
 And we deployed $33 million of capital through dividends
 and share repurchases.
 Before reviewing our detailed results,
 I would like to provide some additional color
 on our operations and the continuing inflationary environment.
 Our industry continues to face unprecedented supply chain disruption.
 bottlenecks and accelerated inflation with little signs of easing in the near
 term.
 Tight labor markets remain increasingly challenging.
 in part made worse by the fast-bredding Omicron variant, and supply and demand imbalances and
 and overall capacity constraints remain broad and sustained across the supply chain.
 this quarter could best be described as volatile, particularly in certain
 commodities such as specialty chemicals, packaging, and metals.
 Freight and transportation markets also worsened in the quarter, reflective of continued infrastructure
 challenges and heighten diesel cost inflation.
 As we discussed last quarter, our organization is working relentlessly to mitigate the impacts
 of higher costs and supply constraints on the business.
 and we continue to take aggressive steps to stabilize supply and mitigate these cost headwinds.
 In the face of growing labor constraints, we've increased and diversified our efforts
 to secure the labor pool needed to support our demand outlook.
 Rod already shared some of the steps we've taken to further support our employee base.
 Despite these efforts, we did see sporadic supply shortages in certain categories, most
 notably in fem care and shave preps and to a lesser degree women's shave and our teams
 are taking the right actions to mitigate the potential impact going forward, including
 broad and sourcing efforts, increased upfront raw material buys, staggered production scheduling,
 and overtime utilization, an alternative transportation
 strategies in the U.S. and across Europe.
 We're also tactically building inventory levels through the first half of the year.
 possible to ensure product availability and improve service levels to our customers.
 Now we'll turn to the detailed results for the quarter.
 As mentioned, organic net sales increased 2.5%.
 equally driven by price and volume gains.
 Most of the realized price increases were attributable
 to Femcare and Wet Ones in North America,
 and to a lesser degree, wet shave in international.
 Importantly, the majority of the positive impact
 that will be realized from pricing occurs as the year evolves.
 On a two-year stack, total company organic net sales
 increased just over 1% in the quarter versus the same period
 last year.
 growth in both North America and international markets.
 Our e-commerce business saw strong results.
 increasing by over 9% in the quarter.
 On top of over 40% growth,
 during Q1 a year ago.
 In the quarter, our total portfolio gained
 30 basis points of market share in the U.S.
 led by gains in sun and wet ones.
 and flat-shear results in FemmeCare.
 Share results in wet shave were consistent with 52-week trends.
 looking deeper into our segments.
 Wet shave, organic net sales increased 2% in the quarter.
 largely driven by growth in women's systems,
 disposables and private brands.
 Our women's systems business continues to be the primary catalyst for growth, with organic
 net sales increasing 9 percent.
 by intuition as well as private label, which grew 48 percent in the quarter, despite cycling
 151% growth last year in Q1.
 The international wet shave grew over 4% as women's systems
 organic net sales grew nearly 12% for the quarter.
 Disposables organic net sales increased about 5% and gained share, while men's systems
 organic net sales decrease six percent.
 For the third consecutive quarter, U.S. razors and blades category consumption increased,
 growing 4.8%.
 The category growth in the quarter was seen across men's and women's systems and disclosables.
 For the 13-week period, market share for the SHIC franchise declined to 100 basis points,
 and mostly by declines in men's and women's branded shave, while disposables share grew
 through 70 basis points, driven by her men's business, which saw strong performance at
 at Walmart and the benefit from distribution gains
 at Walgreens and Sam's.
 Sun and skin care organic net sales increased about 2%, driven by strong global sun care
 results and improved men's grooming results.
 One-care organic net sales in North America increased 51 percent, while international
 organic sales increased 27%, led by initial consumption recovery in Latin America.
 In the U.S., the sun category increased 44% for the quarter, aided by better weather and
 increased travel.
 Hawaiian Tropic and Banana Boat both outperformed the category with over 70% growth and collectively
 gained 320 basis points of market share.
 our strong execution and prominent on-shelf position.
 So 450 basis points of share gains in the quarter at Walmart.
 and we saw sequentially improved results
 across both the drug and grocery channels,
 where we also delivered strong share gains.
 Men's grooming, organic net sales increased 8% in the quarter, led by
 by CREMO's strong growth of nearly 20%,
 on the heels of excellent holiday execution.
 as the category was up 27%.
 Wet ones organic net sales decreased 41% in the quarter.
 as compared to an increase of over 110% in Q1 of last year.
 representing two-year stack growth of nearly 13%.
 Category consumption declined 71% versus a year ago,
 overlapping COVID-19 or themselves.
 but one's consumption declines of 17%
 was significantly better than the category declines.
 leading to 55% share of the category.
 Prem care organic net sales increased about five percent latex sport continued to gain share in the quarter
 reflective of new product launches and stronger brand support. Off-setting
 declines in the carefree and legacy brands.
 Femcare category consumption during the corridor grew about 11% in the US, and our portfolio
 consumption growth was largely in line with the category for the second consecutive quarter.
 Now, moving down the P&L.
 gross margin rate on an adjusted basis
 decreased 140 basis points compared to the prior year.
 inclusive of 50 basis points of inorganic headwinds,
 that's gross inflationary pressures of about 400 basis points.
 were only partially mitigated by just over 100 basis points
 of favorable pricing.
 emotional efficiency and mix, and about 200 basis points of productivity savings.
 A&P expense increased $5 million this quarter and was 10% of net sales.
 Reflecting increases in support of the hydro relaunch in Japan, sun execution across the
 globe and holiday programs in grooming.
 S.G.N.A. including amortization expense was $96.9 million or 20.9 percent of net sales.
 adjusted SG&A declined 110 basis points as a percent of net sales due to lower incentive
 and fringe benefit costs.
 adjusted operating income was 46.7 million dollars compared to 49 million
 dollars last year. As a lower gross margin and higher NP costs were only partially offset
 by lower adjusted SG&A costs.
 Gap diluted net earnings per share were 20 cents compared to 32 cents in the first quarter of fiscal 2021.
 and adjusted earnings per share were 42 cents compared to 43 cents in the prior period and
 inclusive of a 4 cent negative impact from the billy acquisition. This 4 cents
 reflects the impact of deferred profit as a consequence of the timing of profit recognized
 on sales to Billy, as well as higher amortization costs.
 Core EPS grew over 9% in the quarter.
 Adjusted EBITDA was $69.7 million compared to $72.2 million in the prior year.
 That cash used in operating activities for Q1 was $79 million, a $3.5 million improvement
 over the same quarter last year.
 The timing of interest payments and seasonal working capital bill related to sun care results
 in a Q1 cash outflow.
 We ended the quarter with $240 million in cash on hand.
 access to the $221 million undrawn portion of our credit facility and a net debt leverage
 ratio of about 3.3 times.
 This brings me to the topic of capital allocation.
 We remain disciplined in how we are deploying capital and executing in a thoughtful and balanced
 manner.
 Last quarter, we announced our intention to put our healthy excess cash to work and repurchase
 approximately $300 million in shares over the next three fiscal years.
 And in the quarter, our repurchase is total $24.5 million.
 In addition, we continued our quarterly dividend payout
 and declared another cash dividend of 15 cents
 the first quarter. Turning to our outlook for fiscal 2022, we are reiterating our outlook
 for the core Edgewell business.
 that was the basis for our original outlook,
 and only updating our estimates
 to reflect the inclusion of 10 months of the Billy business
 and the additional negative impact of currency translation.
 As we look to the remainder of the year,
 we're encouraged by the improving demand environment
 we see across many of our categories and geographies,
 and are well positioned as a result of the distribution
 discussed last quarter, most notably in Sun and Women's Shave. However, we're
 We're cognizant that we are operating in a more volatile environment than previously
 contemplated. Beyond the cost pressures associated with rampant commodity and
 wage inflation, we're also navigating mounting complexity across the supply chain.
 And in the near term, we see little signs of easing.
 Before turning to our detailed outlook, I want to provide a summary of the impact of
 now including acquisition of the Billy brand in fiscal 2022.
 We expect Billy to add approximately 400 basis points of net incremental growth to our reported
 in that sales for the fiscal year.
 We refer to incremental sales as the net impact of billy sales,
 both DTC and to retail.
 less the intercompany shipments that Edgewell will make that were previously expected to
 to be third-party sales.
 This change from expected third-party sales to intercompany shipments also creates a timing
 difference with respect to gross profit recognition versus our original outlook.
 and we estimate this amount to be a headwind
 of approximately $4.1 million.
 Incremental amortization costs associated with the intangible assets related to the acquisition
 will be approximately $9 million this fiscal year.
 In total, we anticipate that the acquisition will be diluted to adjusted EPS by approximately
 in 19 cents, which reflects 13 cents per share related to the increased amortization costs
 and $0.06 per share associated with the profit deferral.
 For the fiscal year, we continue to anticipate low single-digit organic net sales growth
 with similar growth rates in half one and half two.
 As a reminder, Billy third party sales are excluded from the organic growth
 calculation.
 Reported sales are now anticipated to increase by mid-single digits, including 400 basis
 points net from Billy and partially mitigated by an expected additional 50 basis points
 headwind from currency.
 The billy sales are expected to face somewhat rateably
 over the remaining three quarters.
 As we look to gross margin, we now anticipate approximately 200 basis points year over year
 declines, primarily reflective of the heightened inflationary pressures and the overall challenging
 supply chain environment.
 year-over-year gross margin declines will be more pronounced in Q2 before moderating somewhat
 in the back end of half two as our productivity program scale and price realization increases.
 This outlook largely assumes spot prices across the majority of the commodity
 basket, as well as in transportation and warehousing.
 We will continue to invest in support of our brands and key markets, and with the addition
 of the Billy brand.
 expect A&P spending to be largely in line with last year as a rate of sale.
 Adjusted operating profit margin is now expected to contract approximately 130 basis points
 year over year, reflecting the deleveraging effect of including the billy sales, increased
 thematization costs, the headwind associated with the profit deferral, and additional negative
 the currency effects.
 Adjusted EVDA is now expected to be in the range of $357 to $377 million.
 Adjusted EPS is now expected to be in the range of $2.74 to $3.02.
 reflecting increased amortization expense in addition to the profit deferral and current
 impacts. We continue to expect to generate about two-thirds of our full-year adjusted
 DPS in half two of the fiscal year.
 In respect to our share repurchase, our outlook only includes the expected share repurchases
 required to offset dilution.
 The benefit to EPS from additional share repurchases
 transacted over the course of the year have not been
 contemplated in our outlook and will be additive to EPS.
 And finally, free cash flow conversion is expected
 to be approximately 100% of GapNet earnings.
 For more information related to our Fiscal 2022 Outlook,
 I would refer you to the press release
 that we issued earlier this morning.
 And with that, I'd like to turn the call back over
 the operator to begin the Q&A session.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 To ask a question, you may press star than one on your telephone keypad.
 If you're using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys.
 if at any time your question has been addressed
 And you would like to withdraw your question.
 please press star than two.
 At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster.
 The first question comes from Chris Carey with Wells Fargo Securities.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning.
 Good morning, Chris.
 Can you just talk about sustainability of the market share gains that you're seeing
 in the sun care business.
 Obviously, some interesting statistics around share at some of your key retailers and can
 Can you also maybe expand on how you're thinking about how
 incremental, some of these, you know, incremental shelf winds
 are going to be for the business this year at Walmart, Costco, and potentially how that's
 that's factoring into your thinking for the back half.
 And maybe if I could just, you know, sneak in on the sun business as well, just all the
 the context of sun, the supply chain issues.
 I know you didn't.
 You didn't mention it, but just confidence
 you're going to have, you know, the adequate supply going into the peak of the season.
 So on Sun, we feel good.
 is the headline on what's to come.
 We like the planogram changes, we've talked about that.
 We have new incremental distribution in the club channel.
 We have higher quality distribution across the balance of food, drug, mass.
 We launched HawaiianTropic.com a year ago and we're activating online, not only with
 with our own channels, but also with people like Amazon.
 and in there.
 So we have a really nice distribution footprint.
 We have good innovation coming on Banana Boat,
 As we look at kids and family, the sport franchise,
 we have refresh on the packaging on Hawaiian tropics that will start to
 phase in throughout the season. So really solid distribution outcomes, really solid
 innovation pipeline, and then as importantly, upstream, our teams have done an amazing job
 of procuring the raw materials in the ingredients
 to be available throughout the season.
 So we plan for a big season.
 were covered on the supply chain on that front.
 We do most everything in-house.
 We control the manufacturing.
 We're not reliant on third parties.
 And so, what we've seen in the early part of the sun season, mind you,
 In quarter one, it's only 6% of the season transacts in the quarter just finished.
 So the best of what sun can do for us, we think, is to come.
 Okay, thanks for the perspectives.
 Thank you, Chris.
 Operator, next question.
 Thank you.
 Have a nice day.
 I'm sorry.
 Just one, if I could, if I'm still alive.
 Okay, thank you.
 Just on the concepts of, you know, obviously, you know,
 the impact of the ability coming through in the earnings outlook, but also flowing through
 the currency impact to earnings as well.
 So, I guess, you know, from here, and you talked about a volatile operating environment,
 whether the levers that you have here,
 disposal now, right, in order to maybe preserve where earnings have been reset, you know,
 is that savings program from a pricing standpoint,
 I wonder if you have any incremental thoughts.
 I know that you want to be surgical and shaved,
 and you've already done some things and so on
 and have the thumb care pricing.
 But how could that factor into potentially offsetting
 another move in cost and then, you know, just, it's all related to this concept of offsets,
 just from a shared repurchase standpoint,
 clearly still only factoring offsetting the solution,
 But you do have a pretty sizable buyback program.
 And, you know, if I look at the pre-market, the stock is implied to be, you know, any
 thoughts you have there as well.
 Thanks so much.
 Yeah, I hate Chris. It's Dan. Thanks for the question. I'll try to take it. There's a lot there
 I think, certainly, and you picked up on it from our remarks, we were certainly operating
 in a more challenging environment than we had initially contemplated.
 I think that's, that's for sure.
 We've said now that we anticipate, you know, about 500 basis points of macro inflationary
 pressure on COGS, that's up about 100 basis points from what we said a quarter ago.
 And we said that that will translate likely into about a 200 basis point year over year
 decline in margin. So the takeaway there is we do have a solid line of sight to some meaningful
 offsets, right? And so if I break those down, you know, first and foremost for us, it's
 in cogs as it always is.
 and our approach here is two-fold, right?
 One, we're continuing to look at what we already do really well.
 We deliver 200 basis points of productivity savings
 in the quarter,
 We're looking at the opportunity to accelerate
 existing cost savings programs to bring forward initiatives that were perhaps timed for later
 in the year, but at the same time, we're doing significant work to stabilize the environment
 and meet demand, right?
 So we have to continue to balance that.
 I think we're really good at that.
 And that will continue on the revenue side of the house, you know, I think you're right there, you know
 If you look at how we took price or how we thought about price, there are examples where
 we have taken broad brush price increases and we've talked about those around wet
 ones around fan care to a lesser degree wet shave in certain international
 markets and those prices are now priced in and we've either begun to feel the effects
 of that in international or have been feeling the effects of that, for example, in the wet
 ones. In the rest of the portfolio, we applied more of a surgical approach, right, where
 within categories, within brands,
 within markets, we thought about it very differently
 cross-shave and so on and grooming and PBG, and even preps for that matter.
 So as we're reassessing, we are certainly considering both scenarios.
 We're considering situations where we did go up in price at category level, and is there
 opportunity to implement further price. We're also looking at where we have been more surgical
 and thinking about areas where perhaps we haven't taken price where we can reconsider given
 the environment given what we've seen so far in elasticities.
 And then the last thing I would say is beyond just front line price, we continue to make
 great progress in our efforts to really better understand the promotional
 environment, promotional intensity, return on promotional dollars, and that was actually
 contributor to what we saw in Q1 and we expect that promo rationalization and just, you know,
 good effect to spend will also be a tailwind for us to help offset this environment that we're in.
 Thank you, Chris.
 Operator, next question, please.
 Thank you.
 question comes from Nick Modi with RBC Capital Markets.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks. Good morning everyone.
 Just two questions from me.
 Dan, is there any way you can quantify, you know, the impact out of stock had on growth
 in the quarter if there's any quantification there and then I guess the broader question
 and this is just kind of a longer-term question
 productivity.
 I was looking at the church in Dwight and also I was struck again by their revenue per employee
 but also looking at Edgewell's record play, you know, I think the way it's done the chart
 was
 303 for Edgewell and Turks and Dwight Woods at over a thousand and the average was closer
 They're like five, six hundred.
 And I just wondered if you could comment on that.
 Like, you guys have done such a great job of productivity
 over the last couple of years.
 How much do you think there's left in the tank
 when you really think about the bigger picture.
 Yeah, good morning. Thanks for the questions. So on your first one, you know, can we estimate sort of the out-of-stock impact?
 You know, there were sort of two headwinds in the quarter that I think are worth calling
 out just to understand magnitude.
 You know, one is the drag wet ones had
 on organic growth for the period, right?
 So we produced a 2.5% organic growth rate.
 And wet ones was about a 250 basis point drag
 in the quarter.
 about the category being down 70%. And we know that's a category that is still finding
 a normal water level, if you will, given what is cycling in COVID. So that's the first item.
 The second item, more to your point, tough to truly estimate, right?
 tough to truly estimate what what demand was out there that we couldn't meet. We
 We know in the two most prevalent areas around fem care where we had labor shortages and
 in our shape prep business where we had trouble with commodities and raw material, that there
 There was certainly a line of sight to four to six million just there alone in those two
 small businesses of ours that likely adds up to you know somewhere a point
 and a half, 2% in organics.
 Beyond that, tough to understand and really break down,
 you know, sort of what demand was unmet,
 but we can certainly call out those two pieces.
 And your second question around productivity.
 Look, I think what's left in the tank is a common question
 we get asked on the heels of the fuel program and the success we saw there.
 And we have said publicly that both in COGS and in our core SG&A environment, we see
 meaningful savings opportunities left to go.
 And if you go back to our investor day,
 We've talked about, you know, $125 million of savings over the next two years.
 In COGS, we delivered 200 basis points of productivity savings in the quarter, and you're starting
 to see that work now shift, you're starting to see gains from automation, you're starting
 to see gains from the next level of procurement activity along with the continued focus on
 eliminating waste and really being intolerant to waste across our facilities.
 So I'm quite confident in that team's ability
 simply based on demonstrated effect,
 that there is certainly more to do there in productivity.
 Nick, I just had two points.
 You're seeing the G and A leverage show up.
 So regardless of what statistics look like,
 revenue per head, what have you, at the end of the day,
 we've got to have leverage in the P&L as we grow now.
 confident we will grow, we've got to see the leverage come through. You're seeing that in the
 the quarter, right, with the G&A leverage showing up.
 If you have a data point that I'll give you that is interesting, it's back to your question
 around out of stocks in the quarter.
 It was the perfect storm with Omicron hitting
 and coming on top of a time where the labor environment
 was already very difficult.
 We had five to 10% depending on the factory
 of our hourly manufacturing workforce out
 as you got toward the end of December
 with either omicron positive, sick, or needing to isolate and quarantine out due to a close
 exposure.
 And so that situation coming on top of already tight labor environment drove the service
 outage that Dan referenced before.
 And again, we're not alone.
 that's a national thing and I think it's a similar impact on a European plant.
 The good news is, as we looked at that today, that's in the rearview mirror.
 We're back down to what I would call just normal going levels, and so we feel really
 good about the go forward look in service and availability.
 Great.
 Great, thanks.
 Thank you, Nick.
 Operator, next question, please.
 Thank you.
 question comes from Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
 Hey, good morning, folks. Thanks for stopping in.
 Quick math question, I guess. You've got Billy in the P&L now.
 A substantial amount of the cogs for Billy would seem to have already been in your P&L
 since you were manufacturing the razors for them and selling them to them as a result
 Our back of the envelope math suggests you should be getting somewhere between a 50
 to 100 basis points margin mix benefit
 gross margin line, which if right would imply that your gross margin cut of 100 to 120 basis
 points today on an underlying basis would be quite a bit higher, because obviously that
 reduction should include the benefit from Billy. Is that conceptually right and mathematically
 directionally correct?
 Hey, Jason. Good morning, Stan. I'd be very careful assuming the lion's share of costs were already in the P&L
 Now, if you think about their business in two ways, one, you know, we were shipping blades
 obviously, but there's other costs involved, other products involved, there's assembly,
 distribution. So there are other costs within their core business beyond, you know, let's
 say, our cogs as a supplier.
 And then secondly, obviously you have the shift to retail, which is a slightly different
 margin profile to it as well. So I wouldn't, I'm not going to go back through your math
 point for point, but I wouldn't assume that there's margin accretion here simply because
 We've been we've been already holding or recognizing all of the cogs that that's that's not true
 Yeah.
 Okay, that is helpful.
 That is helpful.
 and scrub those numbers a little bit further.
 And you were asked earlier, like, where's the offset
 to the higher inflation?
 I think you said within COGS, but you're lowering gross margin and pretty much commensurate
 with a higher inflation.
 So it looks like in the near term, you're not
 the offset in cogs. Where is the offset coming? Because you're saying on an underline basis
 You're still holding your earnings outlook, but it must be somewhere within SG&A.
 specifically are you finding, where specifically are you finding more
 efficiency or more leverage.
 Yeah, so I think a couple things.
 One, on the cog side, I think, as I mentioned in my comments, we continue to look at all
 aspects of the program we have in place and where we can accelerate that and where we can
 bringing incremental savings into the year that work is ongoing as is the
 as is the revenue work that we're doing that I described so that the teams are
 are literally in the process of that work.
 On the cross side, I think absolutely,
 We have to evaluate all aspects of both overhead
 and commercial spent.
 Now we have to be really careful here
 because, as we've said many times,
 We're at a very, very important moment for the business.
 We have seen the impact of what really good investment
 behind the brands and really good investment
 behind organizational capabilities do for us.
 and the role that it has played as a catalyst over the last 18 months in growth.
 So we have no intention here on the spend lines, if you will, to take a step sideways
 Let alone backwards that's that's fact having said that absolutely. We're going to evaluate the spend with A&P
 we're going to continue to look at effectiveness and make sure every dollar we put to use delivers
 returns for us.
 And really be thoughtful about both our A&P investment and the timing and phasing and
 how we think about overheads in this environment.
 I think that's something we certainly should be doing
 and will do.
 Jason, I would add to this, we're not going to go cut anything that we think is important
 capability to win in the future, or part of a strategic narrative around brand building
 and repositioning as we build our brands
 and the equities moving forward.
 There's an element of this that is also price, revenue management related, Dan referenced
 that. That's a big place we want to go. I don't think the pricing narrative is done here.
 A lot of this inflation has hit in, you know, the last 30 to 60 days of the quarter just
 That's finished.
 And so, it's now opened up the opportunity with that information to go look at pricing
 again across the portfolio and so we'll do that and I think the other thing we'll really
 focus on is, and where all the value in this business is over time, is in a healthy, accretive
 top-line performance, whether that be price or volume. We're really focused on driving
 a better top line outcome here as part of the equation as well.
 Okay. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
 Thank you, Jason.
 Operator, next question, please.
 The next question comes from Bill Chappell
 with Truist Securities.
 Please go ahead.
 Thanks. Good morning.
 Morning.
 First off, some Billy, can you just help us understand on the rollout to Walmart where
 that shelf space is coming is it is it all kind of promotional in-cap center cap type stuff or are you
 to getting permanent placement in the wedge shave aisle.
 And if it's the second, you know, what is that?
 Where's that coming from?
 Is that coming from your existing portfolio or is that coming from other competitors?
 We are really excited about Billy overall, Bill, if you look at the profile of the business,
 we equi-
 We acquired it $90 million, trailing 12, all transacted online, so rapid growth, the impact
 to us incrementally as we call out today is roughly 400 basis points on top of our organic
 sales in the year we're in now.
 and as part of that
 The big building block that comes on top of direct-to-consumer is the Walmart launch.
 And if you look at Walmart, it's effectively a national rollout.
 It's obviously different in a superstore format versus a neighborhood store, but across their entire network
 there is permanent in aisle fixed display it looks beautiful it has stopping
 power when you when you walk down the aisle it's the cleanest most beautiful
 part of the women's shave section now. So it's permanent. And in addition, there's in-cap
 that comes on top of that on secondary display with full signage and in-cap coverage there.
 So it's high quality distribution.
 It's beautiful and it's there throughout the year.
 That's great. I'd not appreciate that and then separate kind of differently on wet ones
 Can you give us an idea of what Omicron did to the category over the past three or four
 months in terms of getting it back to whatever normal looks like for that
 category? Did it accelerate the path to normal? Did people not really come back to wipes with
 Armacron like they did for Delta or prior versions and, you know, and are we any closer
 to go again to getting to what normal looks like.
 We are close to what new normal looks like, Bill.
 This quarter just printed here is really the last quarter
 of where you have two to 300% growth.
 in the prior year periods, 300 in this case.
 So you're lapping 300% growth, which
 was really the rush you saw around the spike in December a year ago, November December
 a year ago and so as we come now to Omicron and as people either have their supplies or
 stocks or have become comfortable with their new routine in this, I'm a
 Chrome is effectively a non-event, I would say.
 And so as we look forward, we start to cycle
 more normal growth.
 that big peak is behind us now.
 So we're lapping more normal quarters as we go forward.
 The other important point here, not to lose that,
 we still feel really good about wet ones in the category.
 It's up double digits on a stack basis versus pre-pandemic.
 And so we do expect the category to continue to grow.
 And we've got a 55% market share position here.
 We're the leader, and we're seeing the shelf consolidate back to what the set looked like
 pre-pandemic with people that came in to try to fill the supply gap coming out of
 the sets.
 Great. Thanks for the color.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Bill.
 Next question, please.
 The next question comes from Kevin Grundy with Jeffries.
 Please go ahead.
 Great. Thanks. Good morning everyone. Two for me if I could. First one for Dan on guidance and then Rod maybe just
 building a little bit on the prior question on Billy. So Dan pretty simple I
 first on the guidance just bridging where you were in November when you guys
 commented that Billy was to be slightly positive to cash earnings per share even
 that guidance move and then the guidance is I think this is building on Mr.
 English's question. The commentary is, the guidance just simply reflects the
 the transaction and slightly worse at facts,
 but we have EBITDA moving lower.
 we have free cash flow moving lower.
 Maybe there's some nuance within the Billy Transaction.
 Can you just bridge that for me where you were in November with the slightly positive
 comment to cash earnings versus where we are today?
 Yeah, absolutely. Good morning. So look, I let's unpack the Billy element first because as we look at our guidance
 when you exclude, you know, the technical changes we made related to the billy transaction
 and the incremental currency headwinds,
 Our core outlook remains intact, right?
 That's unchanged.
 We talked about the FX piece that we see an additional five cents of headwinds here.
 So then it really comes down to the billy piece.
 and you've got 19 cents of anticipated full year impact.
 Driven by two things, Kevin. One is the the amortization of the intangible.
 We talked about that last time.
 We obviously couldn't have predicted what that would be.
 and obviously a non-cash charge, that's 13 cents of the 19 cents tied up in this year
 want a billy that obviously was not in our initial guide and then the second
 piece is really a timing and a comparison piece which is the impact of
 of deferred profit, right?
 So if you think about our initial outlook,
 We would have contemplated Billy as a customer.
 we would have had 12 months of gross margin on sales
 to that customer in our outlook.
 and now with Billy coming on board
 with 10 months of business, not 12.
 and with an assumed 60-day inventory term,
 You know, some of those previously thought of as sales become shipments, and some of that
 profit on those shittin' and skips deferred.
 purely timing, purely the mechanics of the transaction.
 So, 13 cents related to the amortization charge, 6 cents related to the impact of deferred
 profit versus what was in our initial guide.
 Okay, all right, I can take some of that offline then right just just building on on Billy just taking a step back
 I think the compound annual growth rate over the past few years has been 50%.
 If you don't want to comment on specific brands and your outlook, but just for our modeling
 purposes.
 What is the reasonable growth rate if you think about the Wal-Mart distribution, perhaps
 you can put some parameters around ACV or total points of distribution and where you
 think that can go as you sort of roll out into Walmart.
 I can pass it on.
 All right.
 Yeah, I'll start Kevin and go to Dan if he wants to add some commentary
 Look, Billy's got a high cagger because it's four years old.
 You go from zero to 90 million, trailing 12 and four years, you get a high kegger all
 line.
 than some other emanate we've looked at in the past, this is timed nearly perfectly for us
 us because we are just starting the retail rollout last month, January of 22 with what
 What we think is the premier women's brand in this more value-oriented space just around
 price point. It's very additive to our portfolio with our Schick Hydro Silk and the Intuition
 brands, it's a differentiated add to our portfolio where we had a whole.
 We believe over time this brand has legs to be everywhere and to be a big part of our
 portfolio going forward. It's also incremental to us around who the
 consumer demographic is. It's used younger, it's used more diverse, and so it's a nice
 added to our portfolio and the final thing I'll say before I throw it to Dan is we have
 have lacked access to good consumer data.
 they have three million customers in their file, right?
 And so this is also a breakthrough for us
 not only digital capability, but also consumer data.
 Yeah, that's just maybe building on the math. So what we said at the time of the announcement was it was a 90 million dollar
 TTM business top line growing at about 30%. Of course, that was just a DTC business at
 time. If you fast forward to today and again recognizing we have 10 months of their business
 in our P&L. You know, we've said it'll add about 400 basis points in reported sales. So,
 you know, you're in the 85 to 90 million dollar range. Now, there are two elements to that.
 There are the billy third-party sales both retail and DTC which we are estimating is in the you know
 $110 million range. And then you have the headwind of shipments that were in our initial
 plan that now become intercompany shipments, and that's plus or minus 20, 25 million.
 so that you put the two together,
 We land in the $85 to $90 million range as we think about the business over the 10 months
 of fiscal 2022.
 The fundamentals for this business are therefore, you know, two-fold.
 One, we are going to continue to invest in DTC growth, customer acquisition, retention,
 basket growth, et cetera, for all the reasons Rod described.
 And then we're going to execute flawlessly at Walmart.
 So you're really leveraging the expertise of the Billy team
 on the first element, and then obviously the retail expertise of Edgewell on the second.
 the exact cadence, and pace, and splits, and how quickly it scales, you know, that
 we'll learn our way into in 2022 but it's super attractive growth profile and I
 I think just looking at the Walmart end of it,
 compares very, very favorably to recent launches in the space.
 Okay.
 Very good.
 Thank you both, good luck.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Kevin. Operator, next question, please.
 The next question comes from Olivia Tong with Raymond James.
 Please go ahead.
 Great.
 Great, thank you.
 On my question on pricing, if you could talk a little bit
 about what you've done of late,
 whether you think there needs to be more
 officer, cost inflation, and maybe on what competition has done and whether there have
 been any moves or lack thereof by others that make it more challenging for you to put your
 plans in place. And, you know, you've slugged it out quite a bit to improve your positioning.
 So, you know, as inflation continues,
 How do you sort of think about balancing the desire to offset
 cost inflation by taking price with the potential implications it may have on
 on market share.
 Thanks so much.
 Yeah, good morning, Olivia.
 right here, I'll start and then flip it to Dan.
 Look, on pricing, I think one of the things
 I learned earlier in my career that Procter & Gamble is pricing is really important to
 creating value over time and structural profitability
 in the business.
 So we will always look to take pricing where it's warranted, where it's either warranted
 by innovation, our cost that needs to be, you know, shared on and passed on, we'll look
 could do that where we have leadership with a leading share position we will
 lead pricing under that scenario where it's warranted.
 where we're not a leader, we'll follow.
 We played more of a follower role.
 And we looked to fast follow.
 I think we said that in our prepared comments.
 That's the strategy.
 That's the approach.
 all this through a context over time,
 Love, we want to maintain and build our share
 and become more competitive over time.
 price is obviously a piece of that.
 So we never want to be disadvantaged.
 We've got price strategies by brand that we lay out
 that's part of the overall strategy
 building that business and growing share over time, but there is an opportunistic piece
 to the pricing environment we live in today
 that we need to go get, for sure.
 Yeah, and the only thing I would add, Olivia,
 I think just two comments.
 One, just a reminder, I know you know this,
 but price is not the only lever that we have here
 to offset this 500 basis points of inflation.
 It is a lever, it is not the only lever,
 and I won't go back through the comments on productivity,
 but we feel really good about our ability
 to continue to take cost out there.
 You know, on the price front, to Rod's point, we've been super thoughtful, we've executed
 extremely well with with real precision both in how we think about front line
 price and also how we think about promotional intensity and effectiveness. I think you have to
 look at those together. Having said that, the world continues to change and the teams are actually,
 you know quite optimistic and recognize there's more to do here and so we're
 We're back at it, looking category by category, looking brand by brand, nothing is off the
 table on price. Obviously, we won't get into the specifics here for competitive reasons,
 But we recognize that there's more to do.
 And in fact, the pricing environment remains fairly productive at this point, and the team
 feel pretty good about the opportunities that further price has for us.
 And then just done a few term in a, you know, now that you've got it,
 So now that you've done an acquisition larger than the previous ones, when do you think
 I think you have capacity to start looking at sort of the nitchie tuckings you've been
 known for over the last few years, and just your thoughts on capital allocation, including
 to share or purchase plans from here.
 Yeah, look, I think for M&A, first of all, we are not out of the game on M&A.
 We are engaged and looking at things.
 And obviously, the bar is high.
 Obviously, we're going to need to be really disciplined
 about what we do from here.
 but being three times lover with the cash profile
 that we have, you know, a deal like Billy certainly doesn't take us off the M&A landscape.
 There's a lot of interesting assets out there, and my team spends a lot of time, you know,
 looking at these for similar characteristics
 that we see with Billy, right?
 high growth, opportunity to gain growth
 in a growing segment, capability, share, et cetera.
 So I think from an M&A perspective,
 still highly engaged and still looking at a lot of interesting assets.
 In the broader capital allocation question, look, we really like where we are in the sense
 that we have a very clear, very disciplined and very broad approach to capital allocation
 that we have in fact been executing, right?
 A year ago, we initiated the dividend.
 interesting yields one and a half to percent
 solid returns. We then augmented that with the buyback program that we announced a quarter ago.
 We executed that extremely well in the first quarter, about $25 million on track for what
 what we would have expected.
 will obviously continue to evaluate that,
 But you pull all of that together with a leverage profile
 our two to three times with a cash forecast like we have that can generate a hundred and
 7,580 million a year. We really like where we are and we like how we're executing.
 Thanks very much.
 Thanks, Olivia.
 operator.
 Currently, we have no further questions.
 I would like to turn the conference back over
 to Rod Little for any closing remarks.
 Thank you everyone for your continued interest in time. Have a great day. Thank you
 All right, the conference has now concluded.
 Thank you for attending today's presentation.
 you may now disconnect.