 Good morning ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Siemens Healthineers conference call as a reminder
 This conference is being recorded.
 recorded. Before we begin, I would like to draw your attention to the Safe Harbor statement
 on page two of the Siemens Health and Ears presentation.
 This conference call may include forward-looking statements.
 These statements are based on the company's current expectations
 and certain assumptions, and are therefore
 subject to certain risks and uncertainties.
 At this time, I would like to turn the call over to your host today, Mr. Mark Kubanik,
 head of investor relations.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Thanks operator and welcome dear analysts and investors to today's call also from my
 side.
 Our first quarter results were released at 7am CET this morning and you can find all
 the material, presentation, earnings release and the recording of the call on our IR webpage.
 I'm sitting here with Bert Montag, CEO of Siemens Heartheniers and Jochen Schmitz, our
 CFO.
 We will be taking you through our first quarter results in the usual detail.
 After the presentation, you will have the chance to ask questions.
 please may I ask you to limit yourselves to two questions each.
 something's never changed.
 With this, I pass the word over to our CEO, Bernd Montag.
 the floor is yours.
 Thank you, Mark.
 Good morning, dear analysts and investors. Thank you for dialing in
 and expressing your continued interest in semen's health in years. It has been a
 a few months since we last spoke at our 2021 Capital Market Day.
 In case you missed it back then, and have a few hours to spare, you can still watch
 it on our web page. Let me start by shedding some light on our financial performance in
 Thank you.
 It shows that we have been able to take the momentum from 2021 over into the new financial
 despite a quite challenging environment.
 We increased our order backlog with an excellent equipment book-to-bill rate at 1.2, which
 This is for all segments roughly on the same level.
 The revenue growth was strong with 9.5% driven by an excellent 20% growth in diagnostics
 including 329 million euro of rapid antigen sales.
 Varian had a very solid start to the fiscal year and contributed 750 million euro to the
 revenue.
 Continues to be strong, with 6% comparable revenue growth and advanced therapies with
 with 3% growth.
 The adjusted EBIT margin for the group came in at 17.6% in Q1.
 exchange headwinds and currently higher procurement and logistic costs were mostly offset by
 by a better-than-expected rapid antigen contribution.
 Our adjusted earnings per share increased year-on-year and was 55 Euro cents in Q1.
 free cash flow was strong with 556 million euro.
 We have raised the outlook for the group.
 In terms of comparable revenue, we now expect 3-5% growth from previous need 0-2 for adjusted
 basic earnings per share we expect 2.18 to 2.3 euro cents from previously 2 or 8 to 2.20.
 This increase is the result of higher than expected antigen revenues.
 We now assume 700 million of revenues out of rapid antigen testing in fiscal year 2022.
 So while it looks like it's shaping up to be another successful year at Siemens Healthineers
 And Jochen will explain in more depth the numbers of this successful start.
 Let me recap a bit on what we told you at our Capital Markets Day.
 What makes Siemens Healthineers so unique?
 The basis for our success is the set of unique capabilities which we have systematically
 built in the past years.
 a set of capabilities which we keep strengthening every day.
 patient winning,
 precision therapy, and digital data and AI.
 Patient twinning means adding more effective and efficient ways to accurately describe
 the state of an individual patient, having the ultimate vision of a digital twin of a
 patient in mind, on which diagnosis, therapy selection, and response control can be based
 very individually.
 This is why we drive imaging to new levels of insights, develop new diagnostics tests
 and work on making imaging and diagnostics
 more productive and accessible.
 Position therapy means using cutting-edge technologies to deliver individualized therapies.
 often with submillimeter accuracy, whether it's cancer,
 Nuro or cardiac disorders.
 The importance of precision in treating patients
 is what makes variants so unique in cancer therapies.
 It is also why advanced therapies is focusing on making more and more
 procedures minimally invasive by image guidance and robotic assistance.
 Precision improves results, reduces side effects, in short, makes therapies better for patients.
 Our third strength is our unique competence in digital, data and AI.
 It is key for scaling the application of technological advances,
 for having the next patient benefiting from the knowledge generated by diagnosing and treating millions of patients before,
 and for connecting patient twinning with precision therapy.
 Our unique capabilities allow us to pioneer breakthrough innovations to fuel further growth.
 Let's look at some of the most recent examples.
 the magnetome freemax.
 our lightest, smallest, and most cost-effective MR system.
 the magnetron-free max comes with a basically helium-free technology that's significantly
 reduces total cost of ownership and therefore makes MR more accessible and consequently
 improves access to high-quality diagnosis globally.
 since its launch.
 We have seen more than 50% of systems being sold into new markets.
 that means into settings where MR could not go before.
 for.
 Fire decisions are driven by favorable infrastructure requirements and ease of use, especially for
 those first-time users.
 It was released in August 21 and we see a steady order ramp up also for the little sister,
 a magnetome-free star.
 The neotome alpha is the first FDA cleared photon counting CT on the planet.
 After more than 15 years of development, over 280 patents and over 100 publications, we
 have successfully launched Neotome Alpha on November 18, 2021.
 by the FDA as the first major imaging device advancements for CT in nearly a decade, Neotome
 is seeing an impressive customer interest in both private and academic institutions.
 Our customers confirm that photo-accounting technology has the potential to become the new global technical standard in CT in the decades to come.
 More than 35,000 patients were already scanned using the new system as of today.
 And we started to book orders in fiscal year 21 for a selected customer group of early adopters already.
 Atelica CI 1900. Atelica Solutions Little Sister is targeted towards mid-sized labs, hub and spoke settings and the emerging countries.
 It brings the Atelica philosophy of combining quality and throughput to even more customers
 worldwide.
 Speaking of Atelica, in Q1 we were capable to sign a contract for more than 40 Atelica
 solution analyzers with ascent in California, making it one of the country's largest single
 site Atelica solution locations.
 Turning the page over to Precision Therapy.
 The ethos, our AI-driven adaptive radiation therapy system, provides data-driven personalized
 cancer care with maximum impact while minimizing side effects.
 Since launch, we have booked more than 110 orders for ethos already.
 And 50 systems are installed with a remarkable number of over 15,000 adaptive sessions since
 launch. And with CorePath, we are on the way to advance endovascular robotics to better
 and more accessible state of the art stroke treatment.
 All of this is enabled by the glue of digital data and AI, like our AI Red Companion or
 variants oncology as a service offering. As an example, the advanced clinical decision
 making with a comprehensive AI-powered portfolio with our AI companions providing solutions
 for anatomies covering 35% of imaging procedures.
 By 2025, we aim to increase this number to 85%.
 These break through innovations.
 Our unique capabilities and the focus and scale of our broad products and solutions portfolio
 allow us to benefit from and to contribute to the three company-wide growth vectors that
 we presented at our Capital Market Day. These growth opportunities include fighting the
 the most flattening diseases, enabling efficient operations, and expanding access to care.
 Our unique technologies and competencies are tackling exactly these opportunities and we
 tirelessly strengthen them even further. As a result, we will have even more impact
 on global health care and accelerated growth.
 And while we pursue these three company-wide growth vectors, each segment keeps a razor
 sharp focus on its respective targets and contributes to our midterm targets that we
 presented at our capital markets day. As a reminder, we aim to grow our
 comparable revenue growth by 6% to 8% per year and our adjusted EPS by 12% to 15% per
 year in the years from 23 to 25.
 Quickly turning to Varian, I highlighted already before the
 incredible success of Varian with the rollout of Ethos, taking a lead in the
 adaptive therapy market.
 However, besides this, Varian also delivered a very remarkable quarter.
 variant had a very solid start with a very positive revenue growth across all regions
 with revenues reaching 750 million euros.
 At the same time, variant has been capable to further expand its strong order backlog
 with an equipment book to build of 1.23 in the first quarter.
 Documentation of this strong performance are two
 are two notable long-term partnerships we signed with the Oulu University Hospital and
 the U.S. oncology network.
 network.
 The partnership with Oulu University Hospital in Finland is a 10-year strategic partnership
 to build a comprehensive digital diagnostic and therapeutic ecosystem that addresses the
 entire cancer treatment pathway and advances the quality of care for cancer patients in
 Northern Finland. Through this partnership, Varian and Siemens
 Healthanias will provide Oulu University Hospital with a technology and services package that
 includes both imaging and radiation therapy equipment for cancer treatment, software solutions
 for improved workflow and decision support and a range of services from equipment maintenance
 to staff training and workforce development.
 This is just one of many proof points of combined deals
 that we have in our pipeline.
 So stay tuned for more combined deals to come.
 At the same time, during the quarter, Varian signed a multi-year agreement with the U.S.
 oncology network, further extending the existing partnership.
 The U.S. Oncology Network is the largest network of community oncologists in the United States.
 The agreement includes software, service and equipment solutions across the U.S. including
 service support for over 150 linear accelerators.
 Also in terms of profitability, Varian achieved a strong quarter.
 With an adjusted EBIT of 117 million euros and a margin of 15.7%, the variant is already
 right in the middle of its margin target range of 15 to 17 percent and therefore very well
 on track to deliver on what we have committed.
 So before I hand it over to Jochen for the financials and our updated outlook, let me
 just say how proud I am on how we as a team have managed these challenging times and that
 we consistently work and deliver on our target to pioneer breakthroughs in health care for
 everyone everywhere. And with this over to you Johan. Thank you Bernd and also
 good morning everyone also from my side. Glad that you are joining us again. Let me take
 you through our financials of our first quarter in fiscal year 22. As Bernd highlighted before
 we see the momentum from fiscal year 21 to continue in the first quarter of our fiscal
 year 22.
 Let me start with giving some color on the dynamics and the equipment orders first.
 We continue to post very good equipment order intake growth in the high single digits, a
 a very healthy dynamic, both year over year as well as sequentially, underpinned by the
 again very good equipment booked to bill of 1.2 in Q1. In revenue we also
 continue to see good underlying revenue growth i.e. excluding rapid antigen revenue of 4.5%
 growth with growth across the board. This is particularly good when you take into account
 that we grew by around 10% ex antigen last year and this again was on the last quarter
 in fiscal year 20, which was not impacted by the pandemic.
 this is for me a clear testimony not only to the accelerated growth momentum
 and at the same time, as and as important to our unique resilience in extremely challenging
 environments. In particular the appearance of the Omicron variant accelerated the
 momentum of the antigen business in Q1 with 329 million of revenue, primarily in EMEA,
 which brings us to the overall 9.5% comparable revenue growth.
 Bear in mind that we received the EOEA approval for the US market only at the end of December.
 Therefore, we did not see U.S. revenue from the antigen business in Q1.
 I will talk later in my presentation in detail on what we have assumed for the antigen business
 in the remaining fiscal year.
 In the geographies we also see the very good underlying momentum continuing, also in China
 which saw very tough comms in the prior year quarter.
 Last year in Q1 we saw significant equipment growth in China due to government-backed preparations
 for a potential second COVID-19 wave.
 In Q1 we also saw tailwind from foreign exchange translation of around 3 percentage points.
 So Revenue in Q1 grew by around 12% if you take out portfolio effects only.
 growth we saw also dropped through to the bottom line with 12% growth on our adjusted
 earnings per share this quarter. Obviously there were some moving parts in between.
 The adjusted EBIT margin came in at 17.6% below the stellar prior year quarter.
 Bear in mind that last year's Q1 was exceptionally good since we posted the highest margin of
 of the fiscal year in Q1, which is quite unusual.
 So we see some degree of normalization in the Q1 margin.
 this year.
 On top of this we saw two major headwinds this quarter.
 Headwinds f-
 from foreign exchange on the bottom line,
 and currently higher costs from procurement and logistics
 related to the current situation of global supply change
 in the COVID-19 pandemic.
 On the other side, we saw tailwind from the higher rapid antigen contribution.
 I will talk in more detail later in this presentation on the different profit impacts this quarter
 and what to expect in the course of the remaining fiscal year.
 Below the EBIT line, we posted minus 30 million euros of financial income, which was above
 our normal run rate for interest expenses due to a negative impact from the
 the variation of smaller equity investments.
 We continue to expect the targeted 50 to 70 million expenses financial income net for
 the full fiscal year unchanged to our guidance from early November.
 The tax rate came in at 29% slightly above prior year quarter.
 regarding cash
 We had also a very strong start to fiscal year 2022
 in generating free cash flow.
 with a strong free cash generation of 556 million euros,
 despite significantly higher bonus payouts
 and the ongoing challenges in the supply chain
 with its impacts on inventory levels.
 This was largely driven by excellent cash collection.
 Now let us have a look at the dynamics in the different segments bear in mind that variant has no comparable prior year quarter yet
 and therefore is not included in the comparable gross numbers yet.
 we will include variant in our comparable growth
 from Q3 onwards.
 Let us now have a look at our segment performance.
 as Berndt has already covered, very in.
 I will comment on the remaining three.
 Imaging continues to be strong with 6% revenue growth,
 driven by very strong growth in molecular imaging.
 CT and MRI on the back of very strong prior year growth
 fueled both by healthy underlying growth in the core business as well as some pandemic-related demand.
 On the adjusted EBIT line, imaging showed a good performance of 20% margin.
 However, it was 340 base points below prior year's record margin.
 partially due to headwinds from foreign exchange and procurement and logistic costs.
 Our marketing and sales activities for the new product launches in the first quarter also impacted the margin slightly negatively.
 Diagnostics showed excellent growth driven by rapid antigen sales as well as
 a very solid core business growth. Given the normalization of the test volume
 for routine examinations.
 Excluding the rapid antigen contribution, core business continues with solid growth at
 more than 3%.
 On the margin side profitability was up by 530 base points year over year from the highly
 accretive rapid antigen business. Excluding antigen, the core business sustained solid
 underlying profitability. I will give more detail what this means for the diagnostic
 performance going forward on the next slide. At the same time, we also saw an impact of
 around 300 base point headwinds from foreign exchange and procurement and logistics costs
 which were overcompensated, obviously, by the antigen contribution.
 Advanced therapies saw 3% growth this quarter, a decent performance on a strong comparable
 of 6% in prior year and almost 10% in Q1 of fiscal year 2020.
 Despite a softer growth quarter, we see advanced therapies well on track for growth this year
 with a healthy order backlog. Q1 margin in advanced therapies was down to
 14.3% in Q1 versus a very strong prior year quarter and in the guided range for this fiscal year.
 In this quarter, the margin was negatively impacted by the headwinds from foreign exchange
 and procurement and logistic cost of around 150 bibs, and also by ongoing investments
 for corindus.
 In our diagnostic business, we now assume a higher rapid antigen revenue contribution
 of 700 million euros in fiscal year 2022, up from previously communicated 200 million.
 Since our fiscal year 2022 outlook announced in November, the situation has changed significantly
 with the Omicron variant wave. Adding to this we have received the FDA Emergency Use Authorization
 approval in the United States?
 States?
 dose was not factored into our original guidance.
 The team worked very hard to get the U.S. approval and meet the additional demand which
 arose from this opportunity. However, the full year visibility of on the testing
 demand is still relatively low and the situation is still very dynamic.
 Based on the trends we experienced over the last years, we anticipate strong demand in
 Q1 and Q2 and then softening demand during the summer month.
 Additionally, pricing has come down substantially for tenders in Germany and considering we
 We are not the only player to receive the U.S. approval for its COVID-19 antigen test.
 should see how pricing and volumes evolve over time in the United States.
 States. So, the overall market becomes more and more competitive with more capacity overall.
 Therefore, we expect revenues to decline sharply in the second half.
 Profitability in this segment is largely a result of the development in volume and prices.
 We expect profit accretion from rapid antigen peaking in the first half to then decline
 sharply in the second half due to the expected lower demand and price erosion.
 Finally, a few comments on the Q1 performance of Diagnostics Core Business.
 Rapid Antigen Marginal Creation, we continue to see that the core business is developing
 according to our plans with a solid underlying profitability.
 And this needs to be evaluated, taking into account the current global supply chain challenges.
 Having everything into consideration, we can be very happy with the steady improvements
 in our diagnostic segment.
 We continue to be on track with our plans to turn around the business.
 Now, let us have a closer look at the different profit impact that we expect to be more material
 in this fiscal year.
 You see on the slide, the four topics that we currently consider material and they hear
 over year impact on adjusted EBIT in the first half and the second half of this fisculea.
 And you also see that they all have somewhat different profiles in terms of year-over-year
 comparison over the course of the year.
 Let me start with what we just talked about, our rapid antigen testing.
 We expect a very positive accretion in the first half, year turning into a very negative
 over your impact in the second half due to the slowing demand and at the same time comparing
 against the very strong second half of last fiscal year. Regarding foreign exchange, as
 As I said before, we see a translational tailwind of around 3 percentage points this quarter,
 from the strengthening of the US dollar and we expect this to continue throughout the year.
 However, since we do hedging on a rolling basis for 3 to 6 months forward, the impact
 to the EBIT line is usually trading the top line impacts
 by the set three to six months.
 Consequently, we expect a negative impact from foreign exchange on the first half bottom
 online turning in second half.
 The topic of impact from incentives followed us during the course of last year.
 So let me start that the update assumption for rapid antigen for this fiscal year is
 already fully reflected in our books. Also group incentives related to antigen are kept
 this year. So, any incentive impacts from antigen will be limited to the diagnostic
 segment from now on as the new assumption is already beyond the set cap.
 For fiscal year 22 we expect an overall tailwind from incentives skewed towards the second
 half.
 We expect the tailwind in the second how the fiscal year to be larger, since we booked
 in last year's Q4, the employee bonus provision of 56 million euros.
 The tailwind from incentives in Q1 was largely compensated by higher travel and marketing
 cost. And now to the impacts from procurement and logistic costs related to the current
 situation of global supply chains.
 We are aware that this is a big topic currently also in the capital market so let me give
 you three main messages that sum up our current situation and what we expect for the remainder
 of the year.
 First, very important, we did not see material impacts on our revenues from supply chain
 issues so far.
 And we assume that we will not see material impacts going forward.
 Obviously, there is uncertainty from the future development of the pandemic and for example
 from
 new variants, which we cannot foresee. Second, we see the headwinds, mainly in procurement
 logistic cost of around 100 base points in margins year-over-year skewed towards the
 the first half of the fiscal year. These headwinds have two main drivers. One driver is price
 increases due to shortages, most notable in the electronic components and in certain raw
 materials like metals.
 The other driver is logistic cost, including structural changes, e.g. switching from C
 to air freight and mitigation measures in our manufacturing to secure production.
 This brings me to the third message.
 Thanks to our team.
 We have been managing these challenges extremely well so far and we expect to continue to
 manage the situation well going forward.
 Our procurement, manufacturing and R&D teams work closely together on mitigation and new
 solutions working together with our suppliers who are closely integrated into our value
 chain.
 All be it, we manage the situation, relatively speaking, very well.
 The hundred base points here where your headwind now reflects the intensified global supply
 changes and of course this is also reflected in our updated outlook which
 Which brings me directly to the next chart.
 We raised the outlook for fiscal year 2022 due to the new assumption of 700 million euros
 for rapid antigen revenues in fiscal year 2022.
 Consequently, we raise the revenue target
 for diagnostics to low single digit negative growth.
 This race, this race is the outlook for the group to 3 to 5% comparable revenue growth.
 We also raised the outlook for adjusted basic earnings per share.
 The range for the adjusted EPS is now between 2 Euros and 18 Cents and 2 Euros and 30 Cents.
 This new range obviously includes the different profit impact that we have discussed before,
 e.g. the headwinds from procurement and logistic costs as well as the higher rapid antigen
 contributions and diagnostics. This results in a net impact of around 10 cents higher
 outlook by which we increase the outlook for adjusted areas per share.
 The diagnostic margin in fiscal year 2020, 2 is now expected in the low teens driven
 by the higher contribution from the rapid antigen business, and all other targets for
 segments and the other items of the previous outlook remain unchanged.
 One comment on the margin target for imaging in the range of 22 to 23%.
 We currently expect the imaging margin to be around the lower end of the range may need
 due to the aforementioned headwinds from procurement and logistic cost.
 This reflects an element of caution since there is uncertainty, especially how headwinds
 and mitigation measures will play out in the second half of the year.
 Let me also add a comment on what we expect in Q2 where we have obviously better visibility
 For comparable revenue growth, we expect momentum from Q1 to continue into Q2 for all segments.
 On the margin side, we expect imaging margins include two
 to continue to be somewhat below the 22 to 23 margin range,
 whereas we expect in the other segments, some more pressure from procurement and logistic costs.
 So margin in the other three segments
 might end up around or slightly lower compared to Q1.
 And with this, I close my presentation
 and hand it over to you, Mark, for Q&A.
 Thanks, Jochon.
 So, I will be obviously managing the Q and A,
 but let me just hand it also briefly to the operator
 to start the Q&A session.
 Thank you gentlemen. We will start today's question and answer session where we would like to ask you to limit yourself to two questions.
 If you wish to ask a question, please press the star key, followed by the digit 5 on your
 telephone keypad.
 Again, ladies and gentlemen, please press star 5 on your telephone keypad.
 So great, I see you're lining up here.
 First caller in the line would be Veronica Dubayova from Goldman Sachs. Veronica, your
 The line should be open.
 ask your questions.
 Hi, guys. Good morning, and thank you for taking my questions. I have two, please.
 One is on the COVID-19 guidance.
 And obviously, you've already delivered $329 million of sales in the first quarter.
 just looking at the 700 it seems to me like there might be some room for
 outside, even just thinking about the second quarter.
 So maybe, Johanna, you can give us a little bit of your thinking on why Q2 shouldn't be
 at least as good as you wanted in that context, why the 700 might be maybe a bit more cautious.
 I know you mentioned pricing, but I'm just curious in terms of demand if you can give
 us a little bit of insight into what you're seeing at the moment.
 That would be my first question.
 And then my second question is on the imaging margin, obviously coming in at a
 around 20% in Q1 and, assuming Q2 is similar,
 that does leave you quite a lot of work
 in the second half to do, how much visibility do you have
 on component pricing and transportation costs
 as you move into the second half of the year,
 Have you been able to walk in some prices there that help you?
 And therefore, you know, how de-risk does that 22% on a full-year basis?
 Thank you.
 Hello Veronica, thank you very much for the good questions and let me start with
 antigen first yeah I mean as you as you as you know we were always relatively
 conservative with assuming in our outlook an anti-general revenue portion and we
 We have good visibility on the 700 million and I would also expect to see a relatively
 similar
 level of revenue in Q2 as we saw in Q1 at least and this leaves then some trailing out antigen
 and revenue for the remaining quarters, yeah?
 That is our current thinking, man.
 Yeah, a lot of, I would say, variables still open.
 pricing, availability, channel development in the United States, and other things, which
 Let us to give you, I would say, I would say a very
 balanced guidance for 7.5 million or assumption for 7.5 million in our
 On the imaging margin, when you asked several questions around this, last year you saw quite
 quite some, I would say, spread in the margins from 18% in Q3 up to, I think, 20, 23, 24%
 the highest quarters and we started now with and ended up on average with 21%
 When we start now with 20% with significant headwind from foreign exchange as well as
 procurement and logistic cost. We expect those procurement logistic costs to be
 skewed towards the first half of the fiscal year. This is our assumption.
 Visibility is is is not super great in this regard and but this is what we can
 assume and when we have a clear plan to get to the lower end of the range as I
 highlighted yeah but visibility is is beside backlog where we have good
 visibility strong I would say I would say strong so say security on the top line
 I think we still have some limited visibility on certain cost items, but I'm still confident
 that we can reach the lower end of the bend.
 very clear.
 Thank you so much, Jochen.
 Thanks, Veronica.
 So then I would head over to the next person on the line.
 line this would be Patrick Wood from Bank of America. Patrick, you should be live now.
 Please ask your questions.
 Perfect. Thank you very much for taking my questions. I guess the first one predictably
 on the margin side.
 I'm just curious as to, you know, you clearly have quite a lot of offset work going on with
 in the business to manage some of those increased costs.
 Just curious, what are some of the things that you're actually doing within the business
 offset those costs, some detail that would be great.
 The other side may be actually on the demand side of things, you know, the near term, good
 know it's in the early launch phases with early adopters, but if you ask when should
 We expect it to become more in a full commercial launch.
 Is that a, you know, really back off of this year or, you know, when do you feel you're
 going to be able to put more of the pedal down and push the product in a more aggressive
 That's why, thanks.
 Thank you, Patrick.
 So maybe I rephrase the question here, how do we offset the cost?
 cost I mean the other thing is also how do we preserve margins here because margin is
 the difference of price and costs here. And I mean, one big topic is, of course, to very
 carefully manage pricing and also to make sure that we use our pricing power and there
 we have good signals that we also make good progress on that front.
 I mean, we see it also in the order book, that pricing quality is good, so don't only
 look at the at the at the cost side here and when it comes to the component
 supply aspects. I believe that we are getting into more more stable waters
 which will also help to ease the effect from there, but in the end I think please bear
 in mind two things. On the one hand, I think we did a great job also compared to some of
 our competitors in safeguarding the top line, which is, I think, the first and
 big topic to achieve. And secondly, we will manage very carefully the cost
 implications, but on the other hand, there is a big topic in when it comes to pricing power
 and also passing some of these effects on, so to say. When it comes to the
 I mean this year is the year of a rollout to selected customers, so that an early commercial
 rollout I would say, the full commercial effect you will see in the next
 fiscal year, but what we see so far in terms of interest, in terms of also real demand,
 also in terms of price realization is very, very encouraging and maybe Patrick one other
 aspect on that margin topic. We have made a deliberate decision to have a clear prior
 to be able to deliver our products to our customers.
 currently this doesn't come for free. We need to be clear about this. This is a deliberate
 decision and that's also why we currently do not see any material impact on the top
 because of the strength of our team, but also based on the decision we made.
 we made you know and I think we feel so far in relatively in relative terms
 speaking comfortable with that decision and we will obviously observe it very
 very, very carefully. If things would get out of control in this regard, we might need
 to do the different things differently, but we don't expect this to happen.
 Thank you very much for your time.
 Thank you.
 Any questions?
 So next one on the line would be Lisa Clive from Bernstein.
 Lisa, the line should be open, please ask your questions.
 Hi there. I have two questions on the IBD business.
 First, on your U.S. antigen revenues.
 Are you selling to specific government programs or are you going to pharmacies more of a sort of direct to consumer approach?
 approach, just curious as to the channels and whether you may expand that over time.
 And then...
 Second question, just on the IVD Business Act, Angie Jen.
 Nice to hear that there's some, you know,
 you know, decent revenue growth and margin improvement there.
 If we think about the underlying demand for sort of routine tests, how close are we to
 to getting back to normal volumes?
 Are we at sort of 85% or is it more or less than that?
 Yeah, let me go first here.
 I mean the primary customer group when it comes to antigen testing or rapid test in
 the United States is let's say large customers and we are not, we don't have the channels
 here and and and not the ambition yet to go into the into too much into into a
 scattered real retail space. So number one is of course the big government programs.
 This is also what our strength is
 and has been in Europe, where the claim to fame for
 Siemens Healthineers as a super agile company was to make sure to deliver big
 quantities of super reliable tests with high confidence and certainty, you know.
 so in terms of millions of tests which need to be delivered at once and this
 This is also one aspect we are now living up to in the U.S. when it comes to the government
 program. We are also looking at larger retail chains here and we'll see how that market
 develops, but that is currently baked into our into the forecast of the 700
 million. When it comes to the core business, I mean, yes, it had a
 in diagnostics I'm very
 I'm very
 happy with the start we had here.
 It shows a nice continuation of the trend
 of a step by step.
 step improvement towards the targets we have set for this business.
 When it comes to how close this business is to, let's say, pre-pandemic levels, I think
 It's pretty, it's, it can't give you a clear number, yeah?
 I mean, but it is more in the 90 to 200% normal.
 Yeah, but what you still see and which is which is when you double click on it is
 that when it comes to the testing menu, there might be some shifts compared to what normally
 has been done compared to two years ago, maybe two years ago, more wellness tests and now
 there are still more secondary COVID related tests which are baked in
 Yeah, because of some coverage related comorbidities or so, yeah, but overall
 we are largely back to a normal situation in that business.
 Okay. Next one on the line should be James from Jeffries. James, your line should be
 be open, so please ask your questions.
 All right, thanks very much.
 So, Jane Zane Tempest from Jefferies.
 So just on procurement and logistics, you mentioned you don't have a lot of visibility.
 So I'm just curious, what's changed in the past three months when you first gave guidance?
 aware were the additional pressures which weren't initially anticipated and without
 That visibility, how do you have confidence
 we won't see additional pressures
 in the second part of the year.
 And then my second question is just on variant, actually.
 And I think, you know, you said it's going to be included in comparable sales growth
 from Q3 this year.
 I think we just looked back a bit, I think in Q3 before, I think you said it was around
 I can't remember the Q4 number off of my head, but from April, I think you sort of
 low teens to expect. So just want to be able to give us a flavor of what that was in Q1
 so we can see the trajectory for that.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, thanks for the question, James.
 I think what has changed since the initial assumption
 was that, I think, we saw, I would say, the shortages
 and the necessity to buy at spot rates,
 certain components has increased relative to where we stand at early November.
 Secondly, as I said before, and we deliberately made the decision to prioritise the ability
 to be able to deliver to our customers.
 And by this, we had to do because of the difficulties,
 because it's not only price of components.
 when you have shortages, you also need to be super agile and flexible in your
 internal processes, which sometimes also lead to, I would say, to certain disruptions in
 new internal processes which might also lead to later ability to manufacture things and
 And therefore you also have certain logistic challenges following up and that's also why
 I said, structural changes from sea to air freight
 things like this yeah and I would say the tension just increased across the
 board but that's been said you know what we currently see is that we see it as
 stabilization of some in particular and on the supply side of components and things which
 gives us, I would say, some confidence in being able even to manage that even better
 than we have already measured today.
 And there's also, and also the learning curve,
 It kind of walks through.
 are being under this pressure in the organization is helping to optimize our internal processes
 according to the challenging environments.
 on the variance side on a pro forma basis.
 Now the growth rate on revenue in Q1 was in the low teens again, so a super strong start
 fully in line with what we have guided for the full fiscal year.
 That's great, thank you.
 Thanks, James.
 So, next one online should be Julien Dumois, Rick Sain.
 Julian should be live.
 Hello.
 Good morning, Ben.
 Good morning, Jaron.
 my questions I have to the first one and sorry if you mentioned that in your
 pre-pred remarks, but the line was a bit patchy, but it relates to the diagnostics
 margin excluding the COVID contribution.
 I think you have a guidance for fiscal year 2022, which is to reach a mid-single-digit
 to high-single-digit margin for the young line diagnostic business.
 just curious whether that was in line, whether the Q1 margin was in line with that guidance
 or maybe marginally above and any help in understanding the profitability of the COVID
 tests in Q1 would also be helpful.
 I think you had previously indicated
 that the pricing had been maybe halved in some instances.
 So just willing to understand what's the profitability of the underlying business and the COVID test, if possible.
 And the second question relates, sorry for that, again, to the logistics and procurement
 cost.
 That's more looking at the midterm guidance that you had indicated at your capital market
 day back in November, you have said that you expect an improvement on that side in age
 two.
 So...
 you would say that there is nothing structural there that could prevent you from reaching
 your mid-term guidance both in imaging and diagnostics for the next few years.
 Thanks for the questions. As you rightfully said, our guidance for the diagnostic business
 or core business for this fiscal year is on the profitability side, mid-single-digit to
 higher single digit and we were at the lower end of this range in the range
 but on the lower end also due to the fact that we had significant as we highlighted significant headwind
 from foreign exchange as well as the procurement and logistic costs
 And in diagnostics, it's primarily due to juristic cost
 And we feel well on track to stay in that line and see progress as we proceed through the year.
 On the procurement and logistic front, I do not see this as a critical item for our midterm
 targets. We consider this a temporary problem which should be dealt with over time and has
 band already set beforehand, and we have also mitigation measures when you extend this
 topic, not only to COVID-19, but also to the inflation topic that we can also, I would
 say in a very meaningful way, address it by significant price discipline and we have
 initiated the measures and we will see and we expect to see also benefits from this kicking in
 in the, I mean, according to when the orders come in and turn that into revenue and more
 in the later end of this fiscal year and then in the next years.
 Okay, thanks for being here.
 then I would pass it over now to
 Hassan from Barclays.
 Passer and your line should be open.
 I can't hear you.
 I mean just a second, I don't know if we have any technical issues here, maybe just a second Hassan
 I hope we get you into the line.
 Thank you very much for joining us this morning.
 in a second or two?
 Please record your name after the tone and press the pound key
 Thank you for watching.
 We'll see you in the next video.
 The conference is in presentation mode.
 Okay, so we try it again.
 in the conference.
 You all, are you live now Hassan?
 give us.
 Yes.
 I can hear you now, Mark. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Brilliant.
 have two questions, please. So firstly, just to follow up on the comments on the top line,
 The competitors have clearly seen headwinds and have talked about deferred installations.
 Is this...
 something that you're seeing at all,
 or is this getting worse in fiscal Q2?
 And then second, could you elaborate on your comments on pricing burden and whether you
 having meaningful ability to offset cost increases and pass them on to customers or are you seeing
 overall level of pricing deflation.
 Thank you, Hasan.
 I mean, first of all, and here I, coming back to Jochen's point,
 where we say we made a decision to deliver,
 But on the other hand, we have the ability to deliver,
 which is, I think, something which sets us apart.
 because here really this organization does a wonderful job in extremely quickly reacting
 new to new situations, I mean it's similar to also what we do in the antigen tests and
 so on.
 It is
 I'm very, very encouraging and I'm very proud how the organization is dealing with the
 topics when it comes to, I mean, your question is more about, I understand it as outbound
 logistics, the question of is are customers ready to take the orders and so on.
 So here we are very flexibly reacting.
 and prioritize then one customer over the other.
 We see, we are confident when it comes to the visibility we have in turning the order
 book into into revenue also in the short term that that this challenge is not increasing.
 So, and you can trust us here that the way we were able to handle it in Q1 will continue
 and here we really stand out in the market and to some extent our ability to deliver helps
 us to to to to to even gain share yeah yeah because some of the some of the
 delivery times of competitors are just not not what the market accepts and that
 brings me also to the other topic. I mean, it comes to pricing. It is, of course, some
 of the pricing which we have is set at the point of the order intake and as you know
 in our business typically on the on the imaging side orders the time between
 order and and and revenue are between book and bill is in the range of six to
 nine months. So that means that pricing measures which we have initiated and which we see in
 The order book here will also materialize towards the second half of the year, and we
 see actually a good acceptance of this both internally, so to say, in the sales force,
 but also that when it comes to customers.
 So, and as a last point, please also bear in mind here about 50% or more 55% of our revenue is recurring revenue.
 And especially when it comes to the service aspects, we have also price adjustment clauses
 and so on, and are also protected when it comes to inflationary tendencies.
 Perfect. Thank you so much.
 Thanks, Hassan.
 Sorry for the technical problems.
 So now we hand over to Daniel Vendorff.
 You're the second but last one on the queue.
 Daniel, your line should be open.
 please ask your questions
 Yes, good. Good morning everyone. I hope you can can hear me. Well, thanks for taking my questions. I have a question
 the first question on the variant top-line development,
 then maybe you can you can tell us a bit how the combination now with variant part of semen
 and he has helped to that, if at all,
 and maybe give a few examples of what really drove the revenue line, if it was held up
 at all by being part of Siemens' health in years.
 And then I have a question on the Atelica low-to-mid throughput solution, the CI-1900.
 What is the key marketing message you would give customers here on this front-gave, that
 the end market is slightly different, competition is slightly different.
 So what is really the key thing standing out
 for the italica solution in the mid to low to mid segment.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 Thank you, Daniel.
 looking at variant, there is on the one hand, when it comes to the revenue development,
 revenue development, a very, very strong recovery of the business, coming from the pandemic,
 which, on the one hand, is triggered by a very, very strong competitive situation of
 variant as a quote unquote standalone business, but in addition, and that's what we see on
 the order book.
 see many deals. Some of them have already been booked, like the one example I gave on
 Oulu in Finland, but many are in what we call the funnel, which is the project
 that the Science Force is working on, where there is a super-encouraging and momentum
 across the entire globe in the sales teams to team up and to work jointly on opportunities.
 And that goes in both directions.
 This can be specialty oncology customers who are strongly tied to variants where I have
 strong connections and who now want to go into the or also expand the relationship to
 imaging and it can be using the strength we have in C-level relationships as Seamless
 health in years classic if you wish to pull in the variant team and to use this additional
 additional effect. It is using our strength as Siemens Healthineers classic again in
 parts of the world where variant hasn't been as strong in terms of sales presence, sometimes
 not even having a direct sales force.
 So, here we are extremely positive about the internal momentum and it also shows in the
 numbers and looking at the order book we see, I mean, it's not only a very strong start
 on the revenue side in variant with the 750 but you need to look at the book to bill of
 1.23 so that the orders have been even 23% more than that.
 So here, a clearly very, very strong start, and I'm very, very bullish when it comes to this.
 Second question was, what is the positioning of the product, basically, it expands the
 philosophy of Atelica solution which is highest throughput, highest quality, so highest quality
 test in high throughput, so the unique mix we bring as Siemens Healthineers as an engineering
 company in the lab to new customer groups. And these are, on the one hand, the mid-size
 labs in the developed countries.
 very importantly, hub and spoke deployments.
 that means hospital networks who use the quote unquote big
 atelica solution in the hub and the small atelica in the associated spoke places which
 which brings them, on the one hand, so-called result concordance, the same test results,
 It also allows them to purchase the same reagents and so on.
 So this is a big requirement in the market.
 And the third topic is it is an ideal system for labs in the emerging countries.
 Very good. Thank you
 So now we hand go over to the last one for today. That should be the last but not least Falco Friedrichs from Deutsche Bank
 Falco, you should be live now.
 Thank you and good morning. I have two questions. Well, please firstly on your new imaging launches and
 And how would you describe the replacement behavior of your customers in light of these
 launches.
 So, is it that the replacement cycles might actually be shortened a bit now because you
 customers really want to get their hands on this new technology or is that not really
 the case. And then secondly, on advanced therapies, can you just provide a bit more
 on the underlying trends you see there at the moment with regard to the recovery from
 the pandemic and potential customer wins, and also was there anything specific that
 stood out in the quarter that caused this very strong performance in the Americas.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thank you FICO on on the imaging launches to I think they come in two
 different buckets yeah on the one hand when it comes to the what we do with the
 Magnetom Free Max and also Free Star which is the smaller version of it.
 This is about creating new markets for MRI and it's bringing MR to places where it couldn't
 go before, so from that point of view it is independent of replacement cycles to answer
 So, your question?
 because it's so to say comes on top of the normal course of business
 And we are very happy with what we are seeing,
 that the products exactly do that here, bringing MR to the outpatient clinic, which so far
 only head city or bringing MR to places in emerging countries which didn't do it or bringing
 MR to clinical specialties outside
 radiology here so irrespective of replacement cycle this is typically
 installations where there is no MRI before. On the photon counting CT, this is, I mean,
 I commented before that this is in the early phase of Launcher where we have a lot of excited
 and exciting customers.
 who are coming either from the academic medical centers or very prestigious private institutions.
 Here, the topic of a
 .
 of shortening a replacement cycle can definitely happen
 because one of the reasons to buy the product
 is to stay at the forefront of medical research.
 Yeah, this is more the academic medical center type of thinking or to be a quality leader
 in terms of what type of diagnosis you can offer
 as a private imaging center, yeah?
 And when your business model is to be competitive and an early adopter because you are an innovator
 as a health care provider, it shortens the replacement cycle.
 And the good thing is that this effect of shortening the replacement cycle will over-time
 migrate into broader segments of the market. Yeah, because I sometimes use this a little
 it may be trivial analogy of comparing photocounting CT to flat panel TV or to HDTV when a technology
 Like this is available.
 people make the decision to go to the next level product earlier than when the next generation
 offers just little improvements.
 Maybe answering your question on the Americas,
 just highlighted that the ATA had a strong water in the Americas, and I think that is
 This is also, as you know, this is not a book and bill business, so it was nothing which
 happened at the end of the day in the quarter from a market success, this is the success
 we had over the last years with the strong order intake, also on the AT side, which then
 materialized in the quarter as revenue, and it, by the way, it was across the board of
 For America, this was not US only, but also on a much lower scale, a very good revenue
 growth in Latin America on the AT side.
 And I think nothing what you can really point out to particular in the quarter, but it was
 particular driver of the revenue line in the quarter.
 I don't know.
 Okay, thank you.
 So this ends our call for today.
 Thanks for your participation, for your continued interest in Siemens'
 in years and your questions in today's call.
 We look forward to seeing some of you on our roadshow in the next days or at the London
 conferences early March or at the Barclays Conference in Florida in person maybe.
 Until then, stay healthy, your health and your esteem.
 That will conclude today's conference call.
 Thank you for your participation, ladies and gentlemen.
 A recording of this conference call will be available on the Investor Relations section
 of the Siemens Health and Ears website.
 The website address is corporate.seamans-healthinears.com-investor-relations.
 Please record your name after the tone and press the pound key.
 The conference is in presentation mode. The conference will begin.
 The conference is in presentation mode.
 the conference will be on healthandyears.com slash investor-relations.
 Be available on the Investor Relations section of the CAC.
 Stay healthy, your health and your esteem.
 That will conclude today's conference call.
 Thank you for your participation, ladies and gentlemen.
 A recording of this conference call will be available on the Investor Relations section
 of the Siemens Health and Use website.
 The website address is corporate.seaman-healthandyears.com
 slash investor-relations.