 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Dance Flight, Gerona
 in our earnings conference call.
 this time all participants are in a listen-only mode after the speaker's presentation there
 There will be a question and answer session.
 to ask a question during that session,
 you will need to press star one on your telephone.
 And please be advised that today's conference is being recorded.
 If you require any further assistance, please press star and zero.
 I will now hand the conference over to your speaker today, John Swinney.
 Thank you, Operator, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2020 Earnings
 conference call. I'd like to remind you that an earnings call, press release, and slide
 presentation related to the call are available on our website at www.tensupplycerona.com.
 Before we begin, I would like to thank all of you for joining us today.
 Then please take a moment to read the forward-looking statements in our earnings press release.
 In today's call, we make certain predictive statements that reflect our current views
 about the future performance and financial results.
 We base these statements in certain assumptions and expectations of future events that are
 subject to risks and uncertainties.
 Our most recent form, 10K, lists some of those most important risk factors that could cause
 actual results to differ from our predictions and with that I'd now like to turn the program
 over to Don Casey, Chief Executive Officer, Den Splicerona.
 Thank you, John, and thank all of you for joining us today.
 We hope that you and your families remain safe and healthy.
 To start the call, I would like to acknowledge two groups
 that deserve both our gratitude and recognition.
 The first is our customers throughout this pandemic.
 Dennis and their staff have shown tremendous resilience, where they're dealing with changing
 local regulations, adjusting to new safety protocols, or finding new ways to help pay
 Thank you.
 Dennis, all over the world, have adopted and innovated.
 Their commitment to their patients is inspiring.
 The second group is the employees of DensePly Serona.
 Over the last six...
 months, they have been challenged in truly unprecedented ways.
 Throughout, they remain focused on serving our customers,
 creatively addressing new circumstances
 and continuing to make progress on our critical initiatives.
 This highlights that the people of dense Blytherona and the culture we are building are truly
 our most important assets.
 I would like to thank all of them around the world
 for their extraordinary efforts.
 It is a privilege to lead such a committed and passionate group.
 Our call today will focus on four key areas.
 The first is to outline our second quarter results.
 The second is to provide some details on how our business has been performing as
 dentist offices reopen. The third area provides the steps that DensePly Serone is taking to
 to position the company for the future.
 and finally our view the company's near-term priorities as we navigate
 current environment.
 As expected, our second quarter results reflect the major changes in the market.
 The quarter began with significant governmental actions,
 resulting in the shutdown of dental practices
 and restrictions on patient traffic.
 The situation improved across the quarter with month-to-month improvements in terms of
 dentists offices opening and patients beginning to come back.
 Revenue followed this trend.
 Our team continues to track patient attitudes
 around returning to the dental office as well as the ongoing impact of additional infection
 control requirements on office capacity. Based on what we are seeing, we are
 are optimistic that the recovery is well underway globally.
 Our results in the quarter also reflect significant actions
 the company took to address the difficult operating environment.
 These plans were built around employee safety,
 meeting the needs of the customer, enhancing the financial strength of the company, and
 making continued progress on our key strategic initiatives.
 Today we have seen good results around employee safety and have not seen any major disruptions
 across the organization.
 despite challenges presented by the pandemic.
 the company has been able to reliably meet customer demand.
 Our commercial team showed excellent creativity
 and adapting to new circumstances, providing an extensive array of digital clinical education
 and online marketing events.
 These programs have been extremely well-received.
 comprehensive cost control program was executed during the second quarter involving furloughs,
 short work weeks, salary reductions, and spending controls.
 These efforts contributed to the drop in SG&A expenses in the quarter.
 While the business has begun to restart, this program will remain in place until the trajectory
 of the recovery is better understood.
 Our supply chain has been disciplined around inventory, and there has been a real emphasis
 on protecting our cash flow.
 Finally, the company undertook a series of actions to bolster its liquidity and financial
 position.
 while there is a pressing need to manage the disruptions
 caused by the pandemic.
 our team is focused on positioning the company
 for the future.
 since announcing a restructuring in late 2018,
 dense-plied serona has made significant progress against the goals we had laid out.
 Our work on continuously challenging ourselves has shown there is still further opportunities
 to improve our performance.
 Therefore, today we are announcing additional portfolio actions that expand on the original
 program.
 These include plans for exiting the traditional orthodontics business as well as parts of
 for analog lab business.
 I will discuss details later in the call.
 These steps, while difficult, allow the company to focus on higher growth and higher margin
 and digital areas where we believe
 Dense Plycerona has strategic advantage.
 Moving to slide 7, where we summarize our 2Q20 results.
 Second quarter revenues were $491 million down 50% on an organic basis due to the impact
 of the coronavirus.
 adjusted operating income was negative
 non-gap EPS for the quarter was a loss of 18 cents cash flow was actively managed in the
 second quarter, driving cash flow from operations of $175 million, which was up 21 percent compared
 into prior year.
 I will now turn the call over to Jorge,
 who will review the quarterly results and provide an outlook.
 Thank you, Don, and good morning, everyone.
 The second quarter was obviously a challenging one for the global economy and for many industries
 including dental.
 On a slide nine, we show our second quarter, non-GAB 2020 PNL.
 with the top line, organic sales were down 50% as compared to the prior year.
 In the U.S. and Europe, with some minor exceptions, dental practice is limited their activity
 to emergency procedures in April and March of May,
 and then began to reopen as we moved into June.
 As we share on our last earnings call, we saw declines of 60% to 80% in April in certain
 geographies, with the U.S. being hit the hardest.
 there are revenue trends improved gradually each month
 We're finishing down about 40% compared to prior year in June.
 We also saw a gradual improvement from the first to the last week in June.
 though it is clear that we're seeing a recovery
 but have yet to get back to a normal level of sales.
 Cross-profit was 207 million or 42.1 percent of sales down from 57.7 percent in the prior year quarter.
 as it is the case in solid and material reductions in volume.
 Gross profit margin is impacted by the fixed cost base, which is difficult to address in
 a short term.
 Examples of this cost include depreciation, leases,
 maintenance of manufacturing and logistic facilities and cost related to ensuring compliance
 with high manufacturing standards.
 That was proper margin.
 also impacted by higher than average inventory reserve expenses of approximately 17 million
 primarily as a result of lower sales.
 SG&A of $249 million was down as substantial,
 hand when 32 million which is approximately 35% lower
 as compared to prior year.
 During the quarter,
 we took the site of action to reduce our S-GNA cost,
 resulting in the steep year-over-year decline.
 So, one area in SG&A that actually increased over last year was bad debt expense, which
 so an uptake of 15 million year over year.
 This significant PNL fluctuations were driven
 by the ongoing market disruptions
 and generated an operating loss of 42 million in the quarter.
 Last year, our operating profit was 202 million
 in the second quarter.
 Interest and other increased by $9.9 million versus last year, driven by the issuance of
 750 million in long-term debt, the addition of new credit facilities, and determination
 of certain FX hedges.
 The non-gap tax rate was 27.5% in the quarter, up from 25.3% in the prior year, a function
 of the change in the estimated amount of free tax income and a change to the expected income
 mix.
 Nongap EPS was a loss of 18 cents as compared to Nongap EPS of 66 cents in the prior year quarter.
 Moving on to slide 10, where we review our consumable segment performance.
 Reported sales were 187 million, down 58.6 percent, and down 57.7 percent on an organic
 sales basis.
 All of our product groups and consumables were negatively impacted by the temporary closure
 of dental offices.
 While our consumable sales show a steeper decline than our TNE sales, both segments
 to actually perform relatively similar
 from an end customer perspective.
 Let me explain the two factors that contributed to it,
 to the larger decline in our consumable sales.
 First, there's a difference in order late times.
 Consumable delivers tend to match the man almost simultaneously, up or down.
 Due to the nature of the products, TNE has a longer order
 late time and therefore delivers continued over an extended period even after dental
 procedure volume is slowed down at the beginning of the quarter.
 The second factor impacting consumables more than TNE is the fluctuations in inventory levels in the billar network.
 During severe market conditions, it is typical for companies to preserve cash by lowering
 inventory balances as much as possible.
 We saw a steeper decline in consumables network inventory.
 So when you account for all of these variables, we believe both segments decline at relatively similar levels.
 similar levels. Consumables operating margin was negative 9.4% as compared to 27% in the
 the second quarter of 2019.
 There are two primary reasons for the decline
 consumer was margins.
 The first reason is that the consumable segment experienced a steeper fall off in sales compared
 to T&E. Second, the consumables business is more plant and infrastructure dependent
 and requires more volume to run efficiently.
 we have more manufacturing plants dedicated to consumables.
 And this means a higher fixed infrastructure cost
 for this segment.
 This is why we have been taking steps to consolidate our footprint and reduce our
 fixed cost base. In the past couple of years, we have completed several portfolio shaping
 actions including fauna
 1-800-DENTIST, CCAT, and the Surgical Business of Welspect.
 In addition, the two portfolio-shaping activities we are announcing today will further consolidate
 our manufacturing footprint and will increase productivity and decrease fixed costs.
 Moving on to slide 11, where we highlight our technologies and equipment segments.
 Net sales were $304 million, down 45.6% as compared to prior year.
 organic sales for the quarter were down 43.6% versus the prior year.
 Equipment and instruments, digital dentistry, and implants all experience similar levels
 of decline in the quarter driven by the lower sales resulting from COVID-19.
 healthcare business so it's like declining Q2 after posting a strong Q1 as healthcare
 systems were getting ready for the first major waves of COVID-19.
 to the United States on the
 19th.
 The acknowledged
 equipment operating margin was negative 1.3% versus 17.2% in the prior year quarter.
 On slide 12, we show our business performance
 for the second quarter on a regional basis.
 U.S. sales of $131 million declined 60.3 percent compared to the prior year.
 This represents a decline in organic sales of 60%.
 The U.S. market consumables declined slightly more than TNE.
 sales were $215 million, down 49% compared to the prior year.
 sales were down 46.9% versus last year.
 In Europe, consumable sales decline more than technologies and equipment on a percentage
 spaces.
 The rest of the world's sales were 144 million down 44 percent and organic sales were down
 around 41.9%.
 The rest of the world consumables decline more than TNE sales in the second quarter.
 On slide 13, we show our casual performance.
 In the second quarter of 2020, cash flow from operations was $175 million as compared to
 You had 145 million in the prior year quarter.
 strong cash flow generation was the result of a disciplined approach to
 to curtailing expenses and reducing working capital without sacrificing key strategic investments.
 capital generated a significant boost in liquidity in the quarter.
 were successful in achieving meaningful reductions in accounts receivables and inventory balances.
 We expect some of this cash will be injected back into working capital as demand and production
 volumes climb back up to normal levels.
 In terms of capital expenditures, we spend $13 million in the second quarter of 2020
 down from $27 million last year.
 cash flow was a strong $162 million in the quarter, up 37% as compared to $118 million
 in the prior year.
 In the quarter, we paid $22 million in dividends, for a total of $184 million returned to shareholders
 through dividends and share repurchases
 in the first six months of 2020.
 at the end of june twenty twenty
 We had a strong liquidity available, comprising $1.1 billion of cash and $1.2 billion of
 of committed credit facilities.
 the efforts we made during the second quarter.
 ensure that we have ample liquidity available to invest and grow the company as the economy
 recovers.
 On slide 14, I'd like to talk about the significant actions we took to reduce operating expenses
 in the second quarter of 2020.
 Their efforts to reduce costs in the quarter were multifaceted.
 levels and functions of the enterprise contributed to significant compensation savings.
 each part of the organization, up to and including the board of directors and executive
 levels is stepped up and helped in this effort.
 As of today, most of our employees who were impacted by these measures have returned to
 to work or to normal pay levels.
 The next largest area for cost reductions was discretionary commercial spend, such as
 advertising and promotions
 it was logical to reduce the span when dental offices were closed
 and the returns could not be realized.
 We also achieved significant savings from reductions in
 professional services and of course travel expenses.
 Together, all of these actions deliver a reduction in SGNA of 35 percent versus last year.
 With respect to business trends for the remainder of the year, I'd like to make a few comments.
 First, let me start with current volume trends.
 All regions recover from their low point in April and improve by 20 to 40 percentage points
 by the end of the quarter.
 additionally in june
 The last week of the month was significantly better than the first week, and we are pleased
 to note that the positive momentum continues into July, with July sales approaching or surpassing
 2019 levels, depending on the region and product groups.
 There are still some gating factors in place, including the availability of personal protection
 equipment, new infection prevention protocols reducing
 office capacity and overlapping regulations, all of which
 impact
 they shape up the recovery.
 Together, these factors point to a gradual,
 as opposed to a solid snapback in demand.
 Let me give you more details from a geographical perspective.
 In the U.S., virtually all dental offices are now open, and we continue to see signs
 of improvement, with July volume trending better than what we saw in June.
 In Europe, we also saw July trends improving sequentially.
 potentially.
 With regards to the rough of the world, in APEC, some of the markets turn positive in
 July with good traction in China and Japan and some lingering concerns in Australia.
 Latin America remains a challenging market
 as COVID-19 continues to impact our business in Brazil
 and our countries in the region.
 Moving forward to the second half of the year, as we announced today, we are accelerating
 actions to fund growth areas and improve efficiencies.
 as we did in Q2.
 we will continue to drive a disciplined resource allocation
 process that emphasizes return on investment and sustainability of our growth initiatives.
 With that, I will now turn the call back to Dylan.
 Thanks, Jorge, in moving to slide 17.
 As I mentioned earlier in the call in November 2018, we put a plan in place to accelerate
 growth, improve margins, and simplify the organization.
 Our results through 2019 and the first quarter of 2020 show significant progress.
 The execution highlights of our plan include.
 accelerating growth behind new products, including prime scan and prime mill, as well as other
 new products in our consumable portfolio.
 The pipeline of future new products has also been enhanced.
 The company has made major investments in critical areas,
 like our digital product portfolios.
 digital commercial capabilities and growth priorities,
 like our sure smile, clear aligner business.
 Gents Plycerona has implemented a new organizational structure,
 centralizing supply chain and other functions,
 while creating a unified commercial structure.
 There have been major initiatives designed
 to transform the finance, HR, and IT areas.
 Further, we've undertaken multiple portfolio-shaping activities
 including the ones announced today.
 The restructuring plan is in multi-year initiatives.
 As part of that, the organization has embraced the need to continue challenging ourselves
 to go beyond the original plan and deliver better results.
 That work has shown there are significant opportunities in both the near term and longer
 term.
 Moving now to slide 18.
 Over the last several quarters, as Jorge mentioned, we have exited several underperforming businesses.
 These reduce our cost and complexity while serving to enhance our growth and margins.
 The team continually reviews all our businesses against a framework around future growth
 opportunities as well as strategic fit.
 In the area of orthodontics, we believe that the clear liner space is an attractive opportunity
 for dense ply serona.
 Our smile now offers a comprehensive digital treatment plan that positions the company
 well in this rapidly growing market.
 Moving forward, we will focus all our efforts in the ortho space on the clear aligner area.
 We believe this offers the opportunity to grow, innovate, and take advantage of many
 of dense-ply Serona's unique strategic advantages, including our large CERIC user community.
 As a result, we are exiting the traditional orthodontics business, which includes brackets,
 bands, tubes, and wires.
 The traditional orthodontic business is a component of the technology and equipment
 segment and has had net sales of approximately $132 million in 2019.
 Likewise in our lab business, there is a clear opportunity to focus on the digital space
 which is showing good growth rates and solid margins.
 It is a place where innovation will be rewarded.
 Based on our analysis, it is critical
 to focus all our lab resources in the digital area going forward.
 As such, we are announcing plans to exit the analog portion of the laboratory business
 that manufacture removable dentures and related products.
 This business is a component of the consumable segment and had net sales of approximately
 $44 million in 2019.
 Together, the portfolio-shaping initiatives and additional actions are expected to result
 in the closure of several facilities, and the incremental reduction of approximately
 6 to 7 percent of the company's workforce by the end of 2021.
 The ongoing execution of the restructuring will enhance
 dense supply serons continued efforts to grow revenues, expand our margins, and simplify
 by the organization.
 WIDE-19 lists our priorities for the back half of 2020.
 They include executing on our comprehensive restructuring plan,
 pursuing our growth initiatives aggressively and meeting our financial objectives.
 In conclusion, the COVID pandemic will continue to impact our industry and our company for
 for the foreseeable future.
 Current trends are positive and a reason for optimism,
 but we will need to continue to adapt to the circumstances
 as they change.
 We believe we have a comprehensive plan for both the short term and longer term to deliver
 value for our customers and our shareholders.
 Further, the company has maintained its focus on our priorities around growth, marketing,
 and expansion and simplifying the business.
 our financial strength, broad portfolio, and global reach,
 our position as well to succeed and win
 in the dental industry.
 it's hard to know what the new normal is or when it will arrive
 But our internal theme is that teeth do not heal themselves.
 Our team is optimistic about the fundamentals of the industry, and we embrace the current
 challenges and are confident in our strategy, our customers,
 and our team.
 Thank you.
 We'll take questions.
 Thank you.
 And ladies and gentlemen, thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question at this time,
 just press star then 1 to get in the queue to withdraw your questions.
 Please.
 Rest in peace.
 or hash.
 Please stand by while we compile the Q&A roster.
 Our first question is from Jeff Johnson with Baird, please go ahead.
 ahead.
 Thank you. Good morning, guys. Can you hear me okay? I think it was on mute there.
 Yeah, we got you, Jeff.
 Great, good morning.
 So, Donna, I think I just want to start with the July comments.
 And I really want to understand maybe the message that you want to have out there.
 It sounds like you could make the argument that July
 was getting back towards flattish year over year levels
 according to what Jorge said.
 But how much of that might be sell-in that
 was recovering off some sell-in issues earlier in the quarter or earlier in 2Q, does your
 selling, is it starting to match kind of the sellout at this point? And again, I know you're
 not guiding, but for 3Q, should we think July maybe isn't sustainable as you get into
 August and September is if there is some backlog in helping in that July number.
 Thanks.
 Yeah, thanks, Jeff.
 You know, look, I think Jorge said it clearly
 in the prepared remarks as we're looking at July.
 There's places that have, you know,
 We're seeing good progress in some cases.
 that's actually exceeding 19.
 your specific question about how much of that is, you know,
 inventory, rebuild, you know, it's hard to see exactly.
 There's a couple of things we're looking at, and that's one of the reasons we're not being
 Okay, let's just go project July into August, September, and later in the fourth quarter.
 The things we're looking at is patient volume, and we've seen that as good office capacity.
 We see...
 office capacity kind of improving. Our patient tracking is telling us that, you know, confidence
 in the dentist's office continues to go up, but there is a pocket that's going to be
 reluctant, at least in the U.S., to go back for a little while.
 And what that, in our mind, means that, okay, look, if we're getting capacity in the dentist
 office back to, you know, close to normal, that's going to take a little bit of time.
 I think we're working through a bolus of patients right now.
 And then I think, you know, from an inventory perspective,
 our dealers and the dentist's office ultimately are working through the fact that, you know,
 the pandemic started, I think people hit the brakes pretty hard on stuff that's ordered
 almost every day, and in our mind that's kind of the consumable space.
 And you can see, Jeff, the difference between our consumable and technology, you know,
 the T...
 east side, and we believe that is a lot to do with, okay, we don't know how long the
 office is going to be closed, we're going to stop building inventory on the daily stuff
 And as a result, there may be some build back here.
 But look, in my summary, I was pretty clear on saying,
 Hey look, we're happy that we saw, you know,
 consecutive month-to-month sequential improvement in overall demand.
 We're seeing that at the retail level.
 We're happy that July has continued that trend, and we're happy to see that in some
 cases, we're actually tracking better than 2019.
 Understood.
 That's helpful.
 Thanks, Don.
 you know, thinking about 2021 conceptually, you know, we all know what the ADA is saying
 about high likelihood that dental consumption and dental industry-wide revenues are down
 relative to 2019 levels. I don't think anybody would really argue with that at
 at least looking at things right now.
 but with some of the extra restructuring efforts
 you're taking now some of the tailwinds from the restructuring
 that we're probably still continuing from the past plan,
 How do you think about margins, especially next year?
 Can they get back to 2019 levels with revenue
 that at least is approaching 2019 levels next year,
 Or is there a lag in kind of the margin recovery
 relative to how we think about revenues next year.
 Yeah, Jeff, it's early for us to really forecast 2021.
 I would tell you the steps we took around the restructuring, though, reflect our interest
 and sitting there saying, hey, look, we need to get back on the margin progression.
 I mean, you know, we've been saying since November 2018, how do we grow, how do we
 to get our margins improving, and I think we have to take
 organizational steps to do it.
 But I think the results here show you that we think we've made some good progress basically
 through the first quarter of 2020, we were tracking on a margin basis and, you know, what
 What we've seen, obviously, our margin is revenue-dependent and, you know, hey, look,
 If revenue is down 20% in 2021,
 that's obviously going to have an impact on the business.
 We don't think that's going to happen.
 but we are taking specific steps now to sit there and say
 irregardless of whether the category is up two or three
 down two or three or, you know, up ten, down ten, we want to be taking steps toward margin
 and accretion. As we get out of the traditional ortho business, we got out of the analog lab
 business.
 Those are all part of the ongoing restructuring designed to help us really take charge of
 our ability to drive margin accretion going forward and I'm not going to say it's going
 to be revenue independent, but we think we can take steps at a certain revenue base that
 we're really going to be able to drive margin.
 And, you know, we were very clear, you know, I joke with John Sweeney occasionally that
 We picked our revenue targets to match the years just to make sure that we could always
 communicated so we've always said 22 in 2022 you know and internally what we're
 we're trying to focus on is, look, we think 22 is attainable.
 We don't know if it's going to happen exactly on the trajectory based on what we're seeing
 with COVID, you know, it's COVID, and the knock-on effects of that, is that a six-month
 issue, it's a nine-month through 12-month issue, but we want to be marching back toward
 that target, it just may take us a little bit longer to get there.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from Ty Copperson with Dapy Morgan.
 Just go ahead.
 Okay.
 And are you able to talk about how much of the consumable pressure in the quarter was
 inventory de-stocking versus slower orders and how much incremental risk is there going
 forward with distributors around potential additional peace talking.
 All right, good morning, Ty Cole.
 This is Jorge.
 It is hard to give any precise number,
 But as Don just indicated, in the case of consumables,
 There is a, the order lead time is very short.
 And so, when the pandemic hit, customers and billers,
 and dealers and in general in the marketplace there was a reaction to manage inventories
 very, very closely.
 And when we look at the data of retail sales and our sales, there are a lot of indications
 that show that there was a reduction in the inventory levels that we historically are
 typically carry in the network.
 So there was an element of that.
 And when that comes back to typical levels is hard to project.
 Some of that may be happening as I've not indicated, but I don't think that is something that
 that for us is going to be meaningful from a long-term perspective.
 listen at the end of the day we always want to
 up make sure that our sales match retail sales that that is that is our key objective
 and that's how we we make money
 uh... there will be always uh... small fluctuations in in the network up so
 I think in giving the magnitude of the changes
 that we experienced in the second quarter
 as a result of lower revenues.
 and the uncertainty that we still have in many places.
 I think that is, that noise is not actually meaningful
 in terms of explaining our performance
 and our trajectory over the next several months.
 Okay.
 And then down on the portfolio reshaping, I'm curious, you know, the decision to exit
 I always thought part of the pitch on the clear liner was the ability to go in and do
 hybrid cases and, you know, leverage that, you know, strong ortho channel as you push
 out your smile.
 I'm curious if there is risk of disinterviews here
 and how you think about that.
 Yeah, thanks, Tycho.
 it.
 We're actually, there's a component of the wire bending aspect
 of sure smile that we're keeping, when we say how we kind of delineate traditional
 ortho, which is kind of the bracket spans that would go straight up on an orthodontist
 using orthodontia.
 We believe hybrid is meaningful.
 we believe that it's a differentiator for sure smile.
 So we're actually keeping those components.
 So that piece of traditional ortho and the piece that actually came with the orometrics
 acquisition is going to stay with that.
 And then, you know, what we're seeing is where we're getting real traction on Sure Smile
 tends to be, you know, right now focused around our CEREC base, you know, we kind of made
 that shipped basically in October of last year, and that's part of the 1DS program,
 And we're seeing good traction there.
 So as we looked going forward, we didn't feel that there were going to be disenergies associated
 with getting out of traditional orthodontist treatment
 among the orthodontist group.
 So as we focus on growing in the future,
 we tend to think, all right, how do we take care of,
 How do we take advantage of our digital assets
 and how do we really look at expanding in places
 that are not necessarily tied to kind of the traditional
 orthodontic model.
 Okay, and then just lastly, any thoughts on just the capital equipment appetite as we
 think about the back half of the year and then think about, you know, Prime Scan and
 and primal.
 Can you just talk on to what degree
 you think there could be pent-up demand and any need on your part to be a little bit more
 flexible in terms of financing or pricing potentially?
 It's been interesting.
 like even before the pandemic hit,
 We were really beginning to shift to one, you know, our theory of one visit dentistry
 And with primel and speed of primel, it really made that a reality.
 I mean, you can get patients in and out
 with a single unit crown in an hour plus.
 So we had made that shift.
 And it was interesting in April when everything went down.
 we really shifted to a bunch of digital,
 whether it was debt product demonstrations,
 or, you know, kind of taking people through what one visit dentistry really means.
 and we got a pretty good reception.
 So what we've seen to date, and you've actually
 seen the results, that there's a pretty good
 appetite in our mind for technology and equipment.
 Now, whether it's spread across, you know, are we going to see treatment centers and
 are we going to see imaging?
 not sure, but we feel very good about Prime Scan and Prime Mill and the opportunity for
 or dentists who are basically going to be dealing with a patient population that may
 be a little bit, hey, do I want to go to the dentist three times during the pandemic to
 get a crown fixed or can I get that done one time? You're also seeing a lot of dentists
 that we've been talking to, and we've been seeing a fair amount of success with saying
 Hey, look, I got to change how I practice
 and they used the kind of the downtime during the pandemic
 to think through that.
 So we feel good about where we are from the technology and equipment space in the back
 half and in a large part it's due to first the new products we pushed out but also the
 change in messaging and how we're pitching these products.
 Ultimately, and look, we're working with our dealer partners globally right now to make
 sure that we're helping Dennis access this material.
 Do I see a whole bunch of pricing pressure and crazy financing options coming on our
 technology and equipment? No.
 Okay. Thank you.
 Thanks, Tycho.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from Steven Balicat with Bartiz.
 Please go ahead.
 Great, thanks. Good morning, everybody.
 So a couple of quick questions for you.
 First, your comment around July being a fairly flat year
 be here on a mobile basis is obviously pretty positive.
 And now you don't want to give any specific guidance,
 but just kind of eyeballing the street consensus estimates
 for the third quarter.
 They call for revenues to be down some 20 to 25% year
 every year.
 So I'm just wondering based on what you're seeing in July and, you know, by the end of
 any other major changes in the landscape?
 Is that a number that seems like maybe that's too conservative on the revenue outlook,
 as far as where consensus is just curious to get your thoughts around that.
 Dave, good morning. Jorge here. Listen, it is early for us to be able to extrapolate
 from the July numbers and as you can appreciate,
 There is a lot of different data points coming from different regions and there are some
 The markets are doing much better in terms of the number of offices that are open, markets
 that are good from a volume perspective,
 We still have lingering concerns in places like Australia, parts of Latin America, and
 And there are some spots in Europe that are also still challenging.
 So it is very hard to make a judgment with respect to those numbers.
 I think what we are, we're really encouraged by the fact
 that sequentially the last three months have been, you know,
 moving in the right direction.
 But from a planning perspective, internally, we are, we're trying to, we continue to work
 with scenario planning.
 We are preparing the company for a multiple set of outcomes in the next few months and
 and quarters, I think is a brilliant thing to do.
 So, hard to tell you if that number is right or not.
 Okay, that's helpful.
 So, one other quick clarification question.
 on the exiting of the traditional orthodontics
 in parts of the analog lab business.
 Are these businesses that could be monetized through asset sales, or are these just full
 shut down.
 gives a little more color on the decision tree on shutdown versus asset sale.
 Yes, Steve, you know, as we look at it right now, we're making the announcement to get it done.
 obviously we'll look to dispose the assets in the way that it's most beneficial to the company if
 if, you know, there's some asset sales, we'll certainly look at it if it's a full shutdown,
 You know, we gave you guys the numbers based on, you know, the worst case scenario and
 obviously we're going to work to improve that.
 But again...
 the process because, you know, we mentioned in the prepared remarks, it's multiple plants
 in multiple locations, you know, obviously, you start with the works council and you go
 through a lot of different things.
 but the numbers we gave you represent the base case
 and we're going to work hard to improve versus that.
 And there is the opportunity to do better than what we said.
 Okay, all right, I appreciate the extra color, thanks.
 Thanks, Steve.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is from Michael Charney with Bank of America.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning and thanks for the questions.
 I want to just dive back into the slide commentary specifically.
 I apologize to keep Harvey on this, but I just want to make sure this is clear as possible.
 Jorge, are you saying that what you have seen so far in July on a total dollar basis
 across the book is similar to 2019.
 Is there any way specifically to think about how that's factoring into the U.S. in particular
 in terms of the quantity of dollar basis versus some of the growth rates where there might
 be some countries that did not have any meaningful COVID spikes that could be growing clearly
 a faster clip.
 Yeah, Michael, thanks for the question.
 We are still trying to digest all the July numbers.
 a lot of data to look at from a product perspective, from a geography perspective.
 As I indicated before, July definitely trended better than June, so that is very good, but
 it depends on the region. It depends on the geography and on the products. At this point
 I can't give you a breakdown because there's some analytics
 that we still need to do.
 Overall, the total portfolio is getting closer to 19 numbers.
 And in some instances, the total portfolio
 it did better than 2019.
 And that is definitely a substantial improvement versus June.
 And then just one more question on aligners.
 How do you think about the differentiation strategy
 that you're going to go forward with.
 I know a lot of it was tied historically
 to the integration you had with Omnicam and with CERC and everything, and as you think
 about where you compete, you know, every aligner seems to have its own specific angle on what
 What makes it better?
 Where do you think that ShareSmile will shake out is what makes it better or the best or
 what X-ray can offer is differentiated
 name with everyone else.
 Yeah, thanks, Michael. I would say that it's our system look between Omni and Prime scan.
 And we think we've got a pretty good installed base.
 We have a very loyal user group there
 that is looking to practice at the highest level of their license, so when we can add
 something that's integrated and seamless, like SureSmile, into the package.
 And particularly, you know, when we came out with Shore Smile 7.6, it's really seamlessly
 integrated into our base digital assets, it becomes really easy to use.
 We feel with 7.6, you know, we're now able to compete across the broad portfolio and
 class one, class two, class three, we think that our treatment planning software is second
 to none.
 It's really really competitive and you know, we're very comfortable with the clinical results
 we're seeing and as we go into, you know, kind of our installed base, we feel very good
 about that right now.
 And look, every single day, we get better and better
 at beginning to think about dense-ply serona, not
 as individual product companies
 where we're sitting there saying,
 Hey, we're going to go sell you an omni.
 We're going to go sell you a prime.
 And then, oh, by the way, maybe next week,
 somebody will come in with sure smile.
 No, it's really where we've begun to focus much more on how do we focus on the customer
 as one company and as part of that one company approach, stuff like DS-1, you know, one DS
 one DS, excuse me, we really are going in and saying, hey, look, how do you think about
 using these digital assets to, you know, make life easier around doing orthodontics with
 clear liners.
 do you really think about implants differently?
 And again, we're working hard to actually bring this idea
 that were the dental solutions company to reality.
 Does that answer your question, sir?
 Yeah, Michael, we lost you.
 No, it's still here.
 Thanks for the call.
 Thank you.
 And our next question is from Jason Ambednar with Piper Sunder.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning.
 Thanks for taking the questions here.
 Donor Jorge, thanks for all the restructuring, clan color.
 They're one in the orthodontic business.
 I mean, you've mentioned here a few times leveraging the Saracen stall base with clear
 aligners.
 I think this makes a ton of sense, but, I mean, should we interpret your Sarah comments
 to be that you're going to be emphasized and sure-smiled, principally in that GP channel?
 Or do you have a strategy to continue to target the orthodontist channel that doesn't have
 that same steric owner base.
 Understood?
 Yeah. Look, we're happy to take your smile into the orthodontist's office and the GP
 office, you know, what we're seeing is, again, we want to play to our strengths, and we do
 We have a large install base and when we do programs like 1DS, we're obviously trying
 to package workflows together in such a way that there's real benefit to the dentist,
 We're seeing more success there, so look, we will continue to pitch a sure smile across
 both the orthodontic as well as the GP channel.
 we think we've got more innate advantages in the GP channel right now.
 That's helpful.
 Okay.
 I wanted to ask you actually a new product question here,
 partially related to the prior question.
 So I appreciate its policy here now to discuss new products before they're officially launched.
 but instead of talking specifically
 to the recently-approved large field of view imaging system
 or maybe any 3D printing plans you might have with PrimePrint,
 Maybe you could talk to what you see in the market from an opportunity or a demand perspective
 for each of those categories, each with a large field of view and also an office 3D printing.
 Okay.
 On, you know, wide field of view, we're filling a gap in our portfolio that, you know, we
 It took us a little while to get there,
 But we feel very good about that right now.
 And if you look at what we've done with, you know, our orthophos SL and our L-line and
 now wide field of view, we feel that we're
 very competitive in the imaging space.
 And now, in terms of what do we think about the macro
 demand for imaging equipment.
 And again, if you look over the last six months, and again, the pandemic really started at
 the end of the first quarter, and we've seen regions
 begin to recover.
 You know, we've seen good solid demand across the board
 and technology and equipment and you know it's when you start looking at things like
 wide field of view, it's really not necessarily about, you know, I'm just replacing my X-ray
 machinery it's it's what procedures do i want to do and you know what field of
 view and particularly when you start looking at 2D and 3D kind of imaging products, it
 It lets you do more procedures, it lets you do better implants, it lets you do better
 to let you do better or the donches.
 So, you know, we think that demand, you know,
 Is it gonna gyrate a little bit
 as we recover from the pandemic?
 it could
 but uh... you know we've seen demand remain pretty solid on there and in
 in terms of printing, you know, we haven't really discussed that and, you know, look,
 are
 One of the challenges in this space versus other med device
 spaces where you can really put your pipeline out.
 We tend to play things pretty close to the vest.
 What I would tell you is that our new product portfolio work has been one of, you know,
 We kept saying in the prepared remarks, you know, we stayed focused on our key strategic
 Well, one of those is new products and, you know, what we've been working on internally
 is how do we take the five to ten most important products, whether that's in the endo, implant
 or in the technology and equipment space
 and keep making progress on it and and we
 You know, we're not backing off on what we think our launch schedule is on some of those
 major launches and, you know, again, we think of positions as well as people come out of
 the pandemic.
 All right. Thanks very much guys.
 Thanks, Jason.
 Thank you.
 Our next...
 Next question is from Elizabeth Anderson with Evercore.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning, guys. I was wondering if you could help us put some numbers
 around the new ortho-strategy.
 Can you talk about maybe some comments about how you sell volumes trend within orthodontics
 and then also if anything you can talk about in terms of the size of the revenue base and
 or growth rates would be helpful just in terms of framing that opportunity on a go-forward basis.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Elizabeth. It's funny, we haven't broken out the total worth of Dungeon Business
 and we don't give the clear line or number specifically.
 What I would tell you is that what we've seen over the last year is accelerating growth behind
 for a smile and we've seen actually very positive trends even coming out of the
 pandemic. So that's one of the reasons we feel very comfortable about that
 decision.
 We feel that dense plasma has an opportunity to become a solid number two in the space
 And we're going to work toward that.
 So you can do some math around that.
 Look, ultimately, we've been pretty consistent
 saying we want to grow and we want to do margin accretions.
 So the steps we're taking around getting out of the traditional ortho business and really
 focusing on clear liners helps us do that.
 So, you know, our bet and belief is that the clear liner space is going to be a significant
 contributor to our aggregate growth rate over time.
 Okay, perfect. That's helpful. And then, you know, given obviously you guys have a pretty substantial liquidity position right now,
 How do you see that playing out if you sort of assume that hopefully we're through the
 worst of COVID and things continue to improve from here.
 Yeah, good morning.
 Yes, and our capital deployment philosophies are not changing, have not changed.
 I think it was absolutely the right thing
 to raise more liquidity, to be in a position of a strength from a financial standpoint,
 We were encouraged actually by a number of shareholders to be in that position, which
 which we totally agree with.
 At this point, we want to keep doing what we're doing,
 being very prudent with our balance sheets, being very diligent with our cash flow.
 you probably noticed in the second quarter
 We had a very strong operating cash flow,
 very good free cash flow and all our parts of our deployment are not changing for now.
 paid our dividends and we have no plans to change the dividend at this time.
 Once things go back to a more normal level, we'll reassess where we are at that point.
 We will look at all of the demands for capital opportunities that we have at that time, and
 And we'll make what are the decisions we think are in the best interest of our shareholders
 as we deploy that capital uh... but for now
 I think the focus is on the recovery,
 is how to ensure that we have a very stable financial position,
 how we are able to fund a strategic initiative,
 some of which Don has talked about that.
 we want to make sure that even in a low revenue environment
 and low profitability environment,
 we keep funding those initiatives.
 and and that is one of the reasons we have thought we have that that that
 capital.
 We want to keep investing in the organic growth of the company for the time being.
 Okay.
 Thank you very much.
 Thanks, Elizabeth.
 Thanks.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from Steve Bouchard with Wolf Research.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning, and thanks for the time here.
 I wanna ask one very specific question
 and one kind of big picture question.
 the specific one is actually about germany
 uh... i wondered you know to what extent you'd be willing to talk about growth
 both in Germany operating conditions there, and to what extent you think that's a good
 barometer for, you know, what the business might look like over the next several months
 in the event that we get the virus under control.
 and then I have a follow-up on strategy after that.
 Yeah, thanks, Steve.
 Yeah, conditions in Germany are, if you were going to go around the world, are pretty good.
 And again, I think Jorge said it well, it depends on the business and, you know, there's been
 different reactions to different businesses, and we kind of look at DOC together, which
 which is Germany, Switzerland, and Austria.
 But conditions there, if that's a harbinger of the future,
 would tell you that, you know, things do get closer to normal.
 I mean, there's obviously, you know, again,
 The same things we see over here that we keep tracking
 is what's the office capacity around the new infection protocols.
 And again, that keeps getting better, you know, things are
 better in July than they were in June, just as the dentists and their staff get more used
 to that.
 It's interesting, the patient tracking that we did in Germany showed that, you know, the
 that, you know, from a patient perspective, there was less change in Germany than there
 was in the U.S. around the pandemic. So there seems to be a little bit more of a stable
 attitude toward visiting the dentist's office so you know ultimately if things look like
 Germany it points to the fact that things do get back to normal.
 Okay, much appreciated.
 I appreciate it.
 Don, I wanted to borrow from your experience a little bit if I could.
 you're a medtech guy.
 and you came into dental with a different perspective on
 know what the industry could be and you know how businesses could run and COVID has certainly
 It changed some of that thinking.
 I wonder as you keep your medtech hat on
 and you think about what you want the business to look like
 and how practice evolves, you know, over the next,
 you know however many quarters are
 or months, and we get to the point where, you know, we're in a news post-COVID normal.
 How is your thinking, how has your thinking evolved in terms of what you want the business
 to be what you think the practice looks like.
 uh... i know you have a focus on digital you know that was there before
 uh... can you just give us a sense for maybe what you might have
 learned in the last few months and how your thinking has evolved on that
 future strategic vision.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Steve.
 You know, I think what COVID has done is brought into sharper focus what I think the industry
 going to need to be and whether it gets there in two years, three years, five years.
 And I think it's going to accelerate a couple of trends.
 I mean, the first is that, you know, I think DSOs are going to pick up, you know, I don't
 I don't think it's gonna happen in the immediate short term,
 But I think if you look in Europe, in the U.S., and even in places in Asia-Pacific, where
 the pandemic exposed, you know, sometimes some of the offices are kind of right on
 the margin and the dentist may feel it's better to practice in a larger group so I think
 I think you may see a shift that way.
 I think the second big thing is, you know,
 the idea of, when you say digital, I push digital pretty hard.
 In my mind, what I think, whether it's the DSOs or the individual dentists are going
 to be doing is they're really going to be evaluating their practice more critically and I think
 COVID brought that into sharp focus that, hey, look, I've got 40 hours to see
 patients, how am I allocating time against procedures and how am I thinking about what
 procedures can I do and what procedures do I really want to develop within the practice
 and I'm going to address that accordingly from the equipment
 and where I emphasize, you know, our training and whatnot.
 So, you know, I think what we've seen with clear aligners
 is something that's gonna go into the rest of dentistry
 when you think about implants,
 When you think about even basic endow work,
 I think the increased digitization of diagnostics
 and how that can help Dennis practice at the highest level of their licenses is it's going
 to accelerate.
 So I would say, Steve, I don't think anything has dramatically changed strategically what
 But I think it's, you know, and you read all the books and, you know, after major
 
 disruptions and dislocations, you tend to see new trends go.
 I think what might have taken a decade
 because dental tends to be a little bit slower
 than what we saw on MedTech.
 I think is going to accelerate pretty dramatically.
 I couldn't agree more.
 Thanks for all the help here.
 All right. Thanks, Steve. Stay safe.
 Thank you.
 And our next question is from John Crager with William Blair.
 Please go ahead.
 All right.
 Alright, thanks very much.
 Done.
 you give us an update on the year integration efforts. I'm sure COVID has impacted them a
 a little bit, but you had a pretty long list across commercial manufacturing and R&D, just
 kind of give us a sense about where that stands
 and to what degree the pandemic has altered the thinking
 around them.
 John, first thanks for the question.
 And, you know, I would say when we outline things in November of 18, you know, we kind
 to say it was a three-year program, I would say that and particularly with the announcements
 we made this morning around traditional ortho and analog lab, it kind of points to the fact
 that we're pushing a little bit faster
 and we're pushing harder.
 I think the pandemic has accelerated our thinking.
 And, you know, look, when you see the revenue challenges
 in the second quarter, it also highlights some of the things that we need to get after even
 faster.
 So that's
 That's kind of what I would tell you.
 It's really interesting. Internally, we keep trying to tell people, hey, look, it's not
 as if we're going to get the restructuring done.
 And then that's it.
 We're not changing ever again.
 So I've been trying to condition the organization
 to understand that this is a marathon and the restructuring might have been only the
 the first 10K of that.
 So, look, I would tell you in terms of the plan we laid out,
 We're more than halfway done, but I
 I would also tell you, you know, it's great as I brought in a new team with people like
 or, hey, we've got a terrific supply chain leader.
 We've actually now got all the commercial people reporting into one person, Walter Peterson.
 We're finding more and more stuff that we think that we can improve on that should have
 of, you know, really deliver the promise of what dense polysorona should be.
 So you'll look specifically, hey, if you thought it was a three-year restructuring, we're
 or slightly ahead of where we thought we would be,
 I would just tell you that our management team is committed to, as soon as we get done
 on that restructuring, we're not stopping.
 How do we continuously improve?
 That's great, thanks.
 And then one last one.
 How was your implant portfolio performing?
 How did it do in the second quarter?
 and are you rethinking that?
 line up at all.
 Implants, you know, we've been happy with our implant business.
 I would tell you, you know, when you say the second quarter, John, it's an interesting challenge in terms of what language do you use.
 You know, implants did well relative, but, you know, versus prior year, you know, across
 the whole portfolio was challenging.
 As we talk and rethink about our portfolio, look, we think we've started to actually get
 our new products where we need to get them, you know, obviously we've talked about our
 or immediate load Astrid V product
 And I think that's the first of what you'll see,
 a pretty regular set of introductions
 over the next 18 months in our implant space
 that are going to really let us be competitive.
 The other thing that we've been doing with implants that, you know, doesn't get a lot
 a highlight is we have a business MIS that we had bought a couple years back which lets
 us play a little bit more aggressively in the value segment and as we've been rethinking
 how we approach our commercial, go-to-market strategy across all of them, including on
 on implants, being able to integrate that
 expand that beyond the base of what they used to operate in when we bought them has been
 beneficial there. So we feel that implants remains a significant growth opportunity for
 I would say that we're starting to get the portfolio where we need to get it.
 i'm extremely
 excited about what I think the new products in that space are going to be able to deliver
 for us, you know, over the next, you know, a couple of years.
 Sounds good. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 So, our next question is from John Block with Stiefel.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, this is Trevor Rompher-John.
 and thanks for taking my questions.
 So I think you mentioned earlier
 that your patient tracking is saying that patient confidence has been continuing to
 we go up recently.
 I'm wondering if there's any detail you can give there
 on just like how that's shaken out geographically.
 And if there's a read through to potentially some of your July comments through that confidence
 level?
 Yes, sure.
 Thanks, Trevor. A couple things. I mean, first, we're doing patient tracking across the entire globe.
 And again, we've seen consistent improvement around people likely to visit the dentist
 and we measure it likely to visit in, you know, the next 30 days, the next quarter, and whatnot.
 So we've been seeing consistent improvement across the board there.
 Interestingly, there's a kind of a subgroup, people who have been to the dentist, have had
 really positive experiences around how people, you know, whether it's, you know, adjusting
 waiting room or how they're addressing infection protocols.
 So we see that group as pretty positive.
 One of the things we were trying to watch as they were kind of the flare-ups in the
 U.S. in particular geographies whether there was going to be a drop-off in patient confidence
 And we didn't see that.
 And so, you know, look, and by the way, while most of the patient data is good, there is
 some reluctance on, you know, kind of a segment of the population to say, you know, am I going
 go back in the next month versus do I intend to go back to the dentist in the next six
 So, you know, there's a little bit of a lag there that we see, particularly in the U.S.,
 We don't see it elsewhere around the world.
 So patient tracking has been actually a good lead indicator.
 And again, we're seeing some good positive things there.
 Yeah, thank you.
 And then, just one more on DSOs, and we've been hearing that DSOs and larger practice
 groups are intending to perform better in this environment, I'm just wondering if that's
 That's what you've been seeing, and if you think that some of the smaller, more fragmented
 Practitioners could start to play catch-up.
 as well.
 To be honest with you, we haven't seen a huge differentiation between the DSOs and the individual
 practices. You know, the thing that we love about this market is that, you know, whether
 There's 600,000 dentists around the world.
 And there are independent business owners and a lot of them are very, very inventive
 and creative about how they, you know, go after and make sure that they're reaching
 out to their patients and whatnot so I look do I think on the margin if if somebody was
 considering retiring any year or two and COVID hit, you know, do they sit there and say now
 maybe the time that I accelerate that. Yeah, you might see a little bit of that, but we
 We haven't seen a sharp change in the number of dental practices that we're doing business
 with and, you know, we think that we haven't seen a drop-off in the aggregate number of
 dental practices in key regions post COVID.
 So when we're watching, you know, when we say things are 80% open, 90% open, 99%, we
 We haven't seen the...
 ...
 the number of practices that we're measuring that against change.
 Great, thank you so much.
 Thank you.
 And with that, we conclude our Q&A session for today.
 I would like to turn the call back to John Sweeney for his final remarks.
 Thank you very much everybody. We look forward to updating you as we move through the rest of the year. Have a good day.
 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for participating in today's program, and you may now disconnect
 and have a great day.