 Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Pocket, Head of Communications for the Renish Your Group,
 group, and I would like to welcome you to this live webcast presentation of Renitial's
 interim financial results for the period ended December 2021.
 Today's presenters are Will Lee, Chief Executive, and Alan Roberts, Group Finance Director.
 Before I hand over to Will, I would like to go through some basic housekeeping for the event.
 After the presentation, which will last around 25 minutes,
 So David Murtry, Executive Chairman, will join Will and Alan for a question and answer
 session in which we'll try to answer as many questions as possible before we
 close at 11 o'clock. No questions will be answered during the formal presentation,
 However, you will be able to submit questions both during and after the presentation via
 the question icon that you can see on the control panel on the right of your screen.
 I'd also like to point out that all financial information given during this presentation
 will be impounced sterling.
 Thank you again for joining this webcast event and I will now hand over to Will.
 Thank you very much Chris. So let's take a start looking at the numbers a really good first half for us
 Revenue growth of 27% up to 325 million, that is a record for us, we are seeing record
 levels of demand. It's those key markets that we've talked about before really strongly
 recovering and also the something that electronics markets remaining strong this
 This has been across the board and all of our region and continuing the trends that we
 talked about at the last webcast. At profit, up by 94% from 43 million to 84 million, again
 record profit for us for the first half and this has benefited from both these
 strong sales and also some of the productivity improvements that we put in place a while
 There we go.
 Cash up to 222 million at the end of the period.
 This is really driven by the strong trading performance.
 We have invested more in capital expenditure in the last half than we did last year and
 and also with the dividend payment.
 Alan will cover this in more detail later on.
 Now take a look at our manufacturing technologies segment. We can see here really good performance, a strong growth of 30%
 percent. Very much similar trends the last time we spoke. So we're seeing sustained investment
 in semiconductor and electronics capex, and that's very much driving the demand for our
 in code of technologies and we're also seeing in the Multiditional Manufacturing
 sectors the need for more automation driving both need for our flexible
 the Equator product and also our machine tool products.
 What we have been asked about quite a few times in the past is what our thoughts are
 on the end markets for our technologies.
 Now, as we explained here, we have a range of routes to market, and this varies quite
 bit actually depending on the product line. So with additive manufacturing we're
 something direct to the end user and we know exactly where they are going with
 products such as encoders, then we know what the equipment is, which is typically into
 electronics and semi-conductor equipment, but with industrial metrology products, particularly
 with machine tool probes and CMM probes,
 We are normally starting through a machine tool or CMM builder, and therefore we are
 less certain on what the actual end use is.
 Now in the pie chart you can see we have our estimate here for the complete manufacturing
 technology part of the business and that gives an indication as to what we feel the
 market sector split is. You see it's quite diverse, one probably worth explaining a little
 bit is on the precision manufacturing. Here we have a range of subsystem subcontractors
 making a range of parts, bearings, motors, sensors etc. going into a range of industries
 and also general subcontractors making parts
 for a range of different industries.
 So the exciting thing here also is very positive,
 long-term growth rates for the markets we're serving here and also we've got the great
 technologies now and the future developments really to exploit those
 opportunities.
 So, if we now take a look at the analytical instruments and medical devices segment, then
 we can see...
 see here, we did see a revenue drop of 10%.
 Looking behind that a little bit at spectroscopy, the order intake actually was strong in H1.
 What we did see though was a bit of delay in shipments going into China, particularly
 with educational facilities achieving duty-free exemption certificates.
 We did also see a reduced turnover in our neuro product line.
 We have
 been really positive news here, as we talked about before, engaging with a number of large
 farmer. The trial actually though we talked about last time actually has ended. There were issues with
 the drug there.
 Positive news was that our technology, the drug delivery technology, worked very well.
 and this sort of showed a model that we will work with with pharma companies going forward.
 If we look here at the end market overview, so less sectors naturally here, large when
 dominated research here very much with our spectroscopy product line. So if we now take
 Take a look at the breakdown of the revenue by region.
 What we can see here, which is very positive, is that where we talked before about the recovery
 being driven by our Asia-Pacific region, we now see that all three of our sales regions
 are growing nicely.
 similar trends causing that growth across the regions. APAC stands out still as being
 a bit different though. That really comes from a significant volume of the manufacturing
 of semiconductor and electronics capex equipment is done in the APAC region and that is meaning
 that the revenue and sorry demand for our encoders is very strong there.
 We also see a lot of the manufacturing of consumer electronics happening there
 and that is pulling on demand for particularly higher and greater flexible gauge but also
 for machine tool probes.
 What we're also seeing is these general drivers in all of our regions.
 What we're seeing is machine tool investment, so machine tool consumption going up, meaning
 increased sales through machine tool builders or machine tool probes.
 Our AM strategy is really working with repeat orders
 for our AM machines by the same customers.
 so that key account strategy working nicely.
 we're seeing increased investment into the automotive, EV,
 clearly a lot of investment going on and also a recovery in the aerospace market and more
 investment there and this is really good driving growth in our Revo system the
 5-axis technology for highly productive CMA measurement.
 and we're also seeing increased industrial robots,
 which is good particularly for our magnetic encoders.
 Okay, I will now hand over to Alan.
 Thank you Will and good morning everybody. As Will has already mentioned, we have experienced
 a very strong performance this half year with significant growth in revenue, profitability
 and cash generation.
 Due to the skills and dedication of all people,
 Rukov has maintained strong customer support, global supply chains and all other business
 operations throughout this period of record first-half revenue and ordering take. Revenue
 amounted to $325.2 million compared to $255.1 million last year, an increase of 27 percent
 or 30% at consular exchange rates.
 adjusted profit before tax is 84.2 million, a record half-year profit and compares with
 $43.4 million in the prior year, mainly as a result of the additional gross margin from
 ready for new growth.
 This gives a return on revenue of 26% compared to 17% for the previous year.
 Adjusted Profit Before Tax is one of the key performance measures used by the Board to
 monitor the underlying trading performance of the group and the following items are excluded
 from adjusted profit before tax.
 Losses of 2.9 million from forward contracts, mostly US dollar denominated, deemed ineffective
 for cash flow hedging, compared with gains of $20.5 million in the previous year.
 These gains and losses have no impact on our cash balances and no additional contracts
 have been designated as ineffective this year.
 With a credit of 0.2 million, the third party advisory fees relate into the formal sales
 process in the current half year only.
 The resultant statutory profit before tax was 81.5 million compared to 63.9 million last year.
 The effective tax rate for the half year is 15.9% compared to 18% in the previous year,
 a best estimate of the four-year effective tax rates by geographical territory applied
 to the half-year profits.
 The reduced effective tax rate mainly arises from the forecast increase in the UK pattern
 box benefit from nil in the prior year.
 Earnings per share on an adjusted basis is 97.2 pence, up from 49.2 pence last year.
 and on a statutory basis is 94.2 pence from 72.1 pence last year. The board has proposed
 an interim dividend of 16 pence per share, a 14.3% increase over the last year's 14 pence per share.
 Income statement.
 This slide presents detail of our income statement and the profit bridge shows the movements that
 reconcile the adjusted profit before tax of $43.4 million for the last half year to the
 84.2 million this year. We've seen a 46 million pounds improvement in gross
 margin excluding engineering costs, mostly attributable to the increase in revenue.
 Our gross margin of 35.5% of revenue
 is similar to the previous year.
 However, we have seen an increase in the cost of sunbridged items, particularly electronic
 components, aluminium and steel.
 and an adverse currency impact, which have been offset by improved efficiencies resulting
 from higher production volumes.
 The group head count is increased during the first half of the financial year and was
 4,975 at the end of December 2021, compared to 4,664 at the end of June 21, and 4,324
 at the end of December 2020.
 The increase since June mostly comprises manufacturing staff to ensure we have sufficient capacity
 to meet demand, and also an intake of 127 graduates and apprentices.
 costs excluding bonus provisions and prior year overseas job retention grant income were
 $115.1 million in this half year compared to $102.4 million last year, with an average
 headcount in the first half of 4,832 against the previous half year of 4,371.
 on this topic will be covered by Will later on.
 We remain committed to our long-term strategy
 developing new innovative and patented products to create strong market positions and incurred
 net engineering expenditure of 37.8 million in the first half compared to 37.2 million
 last year. Certain other operating costs such as travelling
 exhibitions are higher this half year compared to last year, as some restrictions relating
 to the pandemic have been lifted. We have also experienced an increase in other overhead
 costs, including higher utility costs due to rising energy prices and higher usage.
 third-party administrative cost rises due to the current inflationary pressures. Turning
 Going to cash flow, this bridge tracks the movements from our opening cash and bank deposits
 balance of $215 million for the first of July to the closing position of $222 million at
 at the end of December.
 Our operating profit before non-cash
 I.
 and research and development costs gave a cash inflow of £122.6 million.
 We have seen a net 17.9 million cash outflow from changes in the working capital prior
 morally relating to an increase in inventory levels of 22.3 million. This reflects increases
 using global demand and planned uplifts to strategic safety stock levels to mitigate global
 supply shortages.
 This has been partially offset by a cash inflow of 5.4 million following an improvement in
 data days. Significant cash outflows relating to our capital allocation strategy include
 27.9 million of R&D costs, 13 million of CAPEX, including in tangibles, and 37.8 million
 of dividends paid.
 Other significant cash outflows include 10.4 million per tax payments and 4.4 million
 a pension scheme funding.
 Turning to capital expenditure of the 12.2 million capital expenditure in the first half,
 8.5 million related to planted equipment, primarily to support our manufacturing processes and
 IT infrastructure, and 3.7 million on property for completion of our new distribution facility
 in South Korea, providing demonstration capability for our capital goods products.
 We are planning to increase our capital expenditure in the coming 18 months, including new production
 equipment and property expansion at our Misk Insight in South Wales to support future business
 growth.
 We have detailed planning permission for two additional holes which will roughly double
 the space available for production at this site.
 The first phase of this development could result in spend of up to 20 million next
 launch a year on their handbag too well.
 Thank you very much Alan, so if you look at sustainability, clearly this is key for us
 As with every business going forward, we are committed to a net zero-emission target of 2050.
 hopefully we'll bring that further forward when we understand what is required better.
 We are continuing to invest here, so we do get the majority of our global electricity
 from renewable sources, but you're also investing in our own solar panels and we will continue
 to do that.
 see here in the picture, actually investment going on in our Dublin manufacturing facilities
 with new solar power panels being installed.
 One of our real challenges of this half it has been really ramping up our manufacturing capacity to meet the demands of our customers
 That's a huge effort that has gone on by our global manufacturing team.
 We've done an absolutely amazing job of ramping up our capacity.
 We've grown, continued to grow on manufacturing headcount.
 We've been really working closely with our suppliers,
 making sure that we can keep the supply chains going of critical components.
 we've done a really good job so clearly there are cost pressures on some components coming
 in but actually we've really offset that and kept our gross margin stable by
 looking at manufacturing efficiencies and productivity improvements ourselves.
 What we are seeing is that when I start to catch up with that rising demand you can see
 the graph on the right, how the order book has been going up steadily quarter by quarter.
 What we have seen from a manufacturing point of view in terms of prices is that as everywhere
 has seen an increase in energy price which will really cut in for the second half of this
 its financial year where we expect an additional £1.2 million worth of energy costs in the
 business. So we now take a look at our commercial strategy. Now, for us going forward, the really
 important thing is we're looking at growing our market share and what we
 we have here is with a lot of our OEM products which get designed in. Our success rate here
 it's really of getting new design wins.
 Now, this is a long process from introducing products,
 getting it tested and then getting it built and designed into our customers
 products. This has been helped with new products coming through and machine tool, for example,
 such as the NC4 Blue. But one of a particular interest and is going very well for us is
 with our new enclosed encoder. This is really good from us from a growth point of view because
 because it's a new market as well,
 it's a product we didn't line, we didn't have before.
 and what we are seeing is a very good uptake and adoption here and this is as we ramp up our
 production capabilities of this new product.
 We are also complementing this with the end user strategy that we talked about.
 We have become more focused here, more focused on key accounts, whether this is from a CMM
 systems point of view or from an additive manufacturing point of view that strategy repeat
 business, as I talked about earlier, is working well for us. To compliment our
 direct sales force which is still relatively small. We are looking then at how do we address
 more end users. What we are doing here is products such as the Equator which is very
 much now gained market acceptance as being a fantastic shop floor gauge is we are looking
 it at distributors and other people to sell the equator directly to end customers for us.
 As part of this, we are looking at opening up the equator and collaborating with others
 with their software packages, allowing customers to choose the software package that they
 want to programme the equator with. As COVID restrictions hopefully ease in the second half
 of the year. We are very much looking forward to getting out and meeting in person our OEM
 MNR end user customers all around the world.
 This is both in person and at trade shows and exhibitions, which will be happening.
 This will result in an increase and we are factoring in an extra million pounds for the
 second half of the year relative to the first half for travel travel and
 exhibition spend.
 Okay, so if we now take a look at engineering and research,
 The bit to start with here really is saying that the markets that we operate in as we've
 talked about we feel have good long-term growth opportunities and we also feel
 that one of our core competencies is research and development and then taking that technology
 to develop really innovative new products.
 And therefore, our primary growth strategy over the next few years will be one of organic
 growth through exploiting the output from our R&D facilities.
 Now we have seen our R&D spend go down over the last couple of years.
 This was when we introduced our Fit for the Future initiative, which very much focused
 our engineering efforts on what we thought were really key new products for the health
 the long-term success of the business. We are now recruiting and we are planning to
 grow in H2, our engineering spend, as we want to accelerate a number of these new programs.
 If we look at the breakdown of the engineering span, then there's a number of different
 activities that are going on here.
 a really important one of process development and developing
 incremental changes in our products, keeping our product lines fresh and maintaining those
 product margins by making us more productive. We've also had a fair bit of
 resource in this area recently, making sure that when we have supply chain issues and
 we have to look at alternative parts,
 the design teams are supporting that change
 to make sure those components are compatible
 will work well and deliver quality products for our customers.
 What we're trying to focus on is more and more resource on major new products.
 those are going to make a real difference both in established markets for us and in new markets
 where we come along with really patented differentiated new technologies and then
 What we also have then is the research for the future.
 Simply smaller teams looking at the technology that's going to power us and our growth over
 over the next 10, 20 years.
 We've also been steadily increasing our investment into software and we have some really important
 new products coming through in the future. These are focused on both making it easier
 for customers to program and use our products and also in terms of helping them do new things
 controlling manufacturing process is better and also then getting an insight and information
 from the data that they are generating during their manufacturing processes.
 If we now look at our people, first thing to say here clearly,
 been a huge amount of dedication by everyone across the group in responding to the opportunities
 that we've had with the increase in demand from our customer.
 So a huge thank you there. We have increased our workforce to respond to this growth.
 we have increased by over 300 people which the majority has been in
 in supporting the manufacturing capacity growth.
 We have been complementing across the group with targeted increases and we will continue
 to do that going into the second half.
 We've also put a lot of effort into employee development and retention.
 We've gone through quite a large benchmarking exercise in the UK to make sure that our pay
 as competitive and then we've also been looking at how do we give everyone clear progression
 roots through the organisation and making sure we are giving them the skills and development
 to succeed and do well.
 We are having a real focus on productivity across the group of continued focus and this
 This is looking at initiatives to help us increase the efficiency and making the most
 of all the very valuable resources that we have to make sure we maintain our operating
 margins. Now from a financial perspective we will see our labour cost
 increase by around six million for the second half relative to the first half
 It's a combination of recruitment, benchmarking, increased employer, and I.
 Now, part here is recruiting for the future, as we talked about, we want to invest here
 we think we have the opportunity to do so, and therefore we are planning to increase
 our headcount in the second half for these long-term opportunities.
 So, looking forward, as we've talked about, we believe we are operating in very attractive
 markets with good long-term growth opportunities.
 we are there for continuing to increase our investment
 for gamut growth going forward for that long-term potential.
 If we look in the short term,
 Though for this financial year, we expect the markets to continue to be strong, with
 the same drivers continuing.
 without putting out a revenue range for the full year of between £650m and £690m.
 profit we expect to be within the range of £157 million to £181 million and over to
 Thank you Chris.
 Well, thank you. Good morning, everyone, again. Thank you to Will and Alan. We've never been
 joined by Sir David Mercery for this Q&A session. We have around 35 minutes remaining as ever
 I'll try to group similar questions together so that we, consequence of that, we may not
 answer all individual questions.
 We're going to start with a question from, like, Davis Jones.
 morning mark relating to R&D and the question is R&D spend was down slightly despite much
 stronger revenues. Is this just a timing issue or should we expect R&D to sales ratios to
 remain lower than in the past, given your tighter focus on a smaller number of
 flagship products and I think that one's going to go to Will.
 Thanks, Chris.
 So, no, if we're going to, we have a very ambitious five-year plan in place that relies
 on us delivering a number of new products through to the market and investing in R&D
 will be key to delivering on that. So Mark, as you say, we have focused on some more key
 flagship projects and they need more
 resourcing to accelerate those three those through and also we have some nice
 new technologies coming through at an earlier stage that we now want to accelerate as well.
 So we plan, as we always have, that the majority of our growth will be organic, so we will
 be investing, and that's one of the reasons why our second half costs are higher because
 we are forecasting and it increase in our R&D expenditure.
 Okay, thanks. Thanks for that, Will. I've got a question from Anthony Pong. Good morning, Anthony.
 Thank you for the additional disclosure on end markets.
 very helpful. In manufacturing technologies, can we infer from this that 71% of Renishaw's
 sales are direct to end customer. If so, what percentage would this have been five or ten years ago?
 end up irrelevant of whether we have sold them direct to that end customer, in which
 in which case we clearly know where the ends use, or if they have gone through some form
 distribution so a machine tool builder or a CMM builder etc so no that is not
 not saying that 71% of our sales are directed to an end customer. As I mentioned, we do
 We do have a number of rooster market here, some times like with our encoders when we're
 selling into some electronics capital equipment, we know that equipment is going to end up
 and the electronics market, other times when we're selling machine tool probes to a machine
 Builder, we will only really understand the end use if we are talking with that
 machine tool builder to understand roughly the ratios of where they are
 selling into. So this should be taken as our best guess as the end use of our products.
 Thanks Will.
 How are we going?
 Another question here from Mark Davis-Janes.
 Could you please explain the China export issue in spectroscopy?
 is this ongoing?
 I think that's also going to be answered by the will.
 So yes, this is still ongoing, we think it's just a timing issue and nothing to be concerned
 about, it's due to the process. I think many educational customers for our
 spectroscopic in China claiming duty slash VAT back on the product and this
 paperwork to do in advance. So this has pushed things over into next year that we would have
 hoped we would have shipped.
 sorry, into the second half that we hoped we'd have shipped in the first half, so don't
 is anything to be concerned about, we think it is just a timing issue.
 Okay, thanks Will. We'll stay with Mark's questions. He's also a question on the new
 new disclosure on end markets. He asked, could you comment on what you are seeing in automotive
 There have been concerns in the past about the EV transition and declining ICE business.
 How are you seeing this play out in practice? And I'll give that one to Will.
 Yes, so very interesting transition, so clearly as we know that there are going to be less
 machined parts in a pure EV vehicle, but a number of new metrology challenges that
 at some of our products, equated gauging,
 Revo are very well suited to measuring. So we're still at early days there. We're still
 finding and understanding their challenges, but the nice thing is that we believe there's
 going to be continued investment in that transition for quite a while, so that change
 we believe will have probably changed some of the different bits and some of the different
 stuff in terms of products for us, but the investment there is really good for us.
 Thanks Will.
 Then we move on to a different question now.
 So good morning, Anthony Lynch, who joins us.
 He asks, the order book demonstrates strong near term visibility, but what gives the longer
 term confidence to double miskin manufacturing capacity.
 And I think that one's going to go to Will to start.
 So, just to clarify, we've put planning permission in to double the capacity, that is two new
 halls. That is not saying that we will be doing both halls immediately so we have the
 option to do one hole than the next, depending on how we see the plans going forward. What
 We do see with some of our newer products and products under development that they are
 larger than the traditional products that we are used to, even stuff that is quite traditional
 for us like with the new Fortis machine tool encoder that talked about actually the size
 of that compared, traditional encoder is much bigger. So we are going to need more floor
 space to efficiently and productively manufacture these products, and we still very much believe
 that keeping them close to our design facilities is the right thing to do.
 So this will be one of our decisions to make in the second half of this year at the moment
 and our assumption is that we will do one whole immediately
 And then depending on how we see demand going for the future,
 we may do the second one very soon afterwards.
 Thanks Will.
 We'll stay with all the book and there's a question from Jonathan Hearn.
 Good morning.
 Jonathan.
 Is your
 all the book visibility still around three months or is it currently longer? Any signs
 of double customer ordering in the order book. Now are you seeing a return of large one-off
 for this. And again, Will's going to lead on that one.
 So this isn't being driven by large one-off orders.
 I think the interest in change probably from what we're used to is in the position measurement
 order book, where we are seeing far more visibility there and guidance from our customers than
 we're used to and I guess this shows that the challenge they're having with all their
 supply chains, not just in terms of getting stuff from us but across the board and what
 they are there for trying to do is to help with us and giving us more visibility there
 and scheduling. So, yes, there certainly is a change from a position measurement encoder
 product line in terms of the visibility going out further, but a lot of the other stuff is
 is more normal and just strong demand.
 and and
 Sorry in terms of double double ordering and whatever so how much of people trying to overorder then we honestly we never really know
 but we don't believe so we believe in general the stuff that we are seeing is genuine for very strong demand
 Thanks a lot.
 Thanks Will. We'll stay with another question from Jonathan. How much are you
 looking to increase headcount in the second half of the year and what specific areas have
 being the focus of retention payments.
 start with will on that one.
 So if we just cover the retention payments, so that has been a benchmarking of these aren't
 sort of awards the best over time so this is us benchmarking, understanding where we
 we are paying relative to market and making adjustments there and that has been across
 the board with a UK focus on it at the moment, which has been very well received and has
 has been a good exercise for us to go through.
 In terms of headcount increase in H2,
 then we're looking probably at recruiting
 another couple of million of headcount costs for the second half and this is now on a very targeted
 investments, accelerating new product development plans, key commercial
 activities that we want to achieve and with some manufacturing headcount increase where
 we are still trying to ramp up and accelerate
 some of the product manufacturing capabilities.
 Okay, thanks Will.
 Question here from Henry Carver, good morning Henry.
 market share gains. Where does Renishaw's manufacturing technology segment stand versus
 competition in terms of one pricing and two software
 capability.
 Okay, thank you. So let's do the two easy ones to start with so position measurement with our encoders
 There is no software that goes with that, so there's very much a hardware product line,
 that's a fairly simple one. With the calibration side of that we do have
 excellent software that goes with that. Additive manufacturing, our role there
 that again is to be the best hardware supplier
 with the software that will sit in the background
 and make sure we get the most out of the hardware.
 so that's quite an integrated,
 but we don't intend to be the leader there
 in terms of the programming, like the CAD-CAM software for AM.
 So again, quite a clear situation there.
 with the industrial metrology area,
 This is difficult.
 different and traditionally we have been more
 more competitive, stronger as a traditional hardware manufacturer.
 We have, as I mentioned, been investing quite a lot in some of the things that we've done
 software here and focusing on areas which we believe can be quite disruptive with ease
 of use and data. Again, this is quite a broad picture across the different industrial metrology
 lines from machine tool where we have a huge install base of macro software all
 around the world, which is maybe different to some of the situations on some of the new
 products like Equator. As I said, there are a number of different software packages out there
 and we are collaborating with more of them now.
 in terms of pricing then we again this varies across the board on the different
 areas here. In general though, we tend to be a, we are certainly not going after the
 cheap end of the market and we are offering a premium product in what it can do and we
 would look to charge our customers for that premium offering.
 Thanks Will.
 It's a question now from Sanjay Jha, morning Sanjay.
 There's a question about our equator gauging system.
 The question is, you mentioned the need for compatibility with multiple software vendors.
 Is this a shift in the market?
 and I think that one's going to go to Will as well.
 I would say it's a shift in our strategy if you look at our history with a crater, one
 as the challenge is sometimes of coming up with something that doesn't exist before it is that
 that you need to grow people's understanding of their need
 for it, that product and what it can do for them.
 and the early stages of the crater were doing that.
 over the last few years, it's been very much accepted
 as a key part of a manufacturing machine shop.
 So, we've seen the acceptance of Equator really take off, so our strategy has been now how
 How do we maximise our sales of Equator with a relatively small end-user sales force of
 own within Renishaw and this has meant that we've been looking at getting other people
 selling Equator for us and meeting the pull of the customers.
 Now with this some of the customers will want to use it with our software, others may already
 We have other software that you're using, and what we are now saying is, look, we are
 we are happy, we will allow other people to
 to Salo Crater and support it with the customer's choice of software.
 Okay, thanks Will.
 Here's a question again from the first question for Robert Davis. Hello Robert. How receptive
 are your additive manufacturing customers to purchasing your AM machines versus wanting
 to outsource the work i.e. getting you to produce their A.M. parts for them and I'll
 that one over to Will.
 Okay, so we won't make production A.M. parts
 parts for customers. That's not a service we do. What we will do is clearly at the early
 stages of working with a customer who's looking at really accelerating and developing a hand
 capabilities, then we will support them by making initial
 parts for them.
 And we may also host some of their early machines that they have bought here so we can support them
 before they are ready to host those machines at their own facilities.
 Now, if a customer is interested in additive manufacturing and wants to get the benefits
 that they can bring with design and productivity that comes with additive manufacturing and
 getting that from our machines, but they don't want to invest in the manufacturing
 infrastructure themselves, then they can clearly go to an AM subcontractor, use our machines
 there so we can help them with that journey. But that's not an area of the market that
 we want to get into ourselves, we are clearly going to be focused on making the best machines
 the most productive machines that will grow pad of ed fusion very well in the future.
 Okay, thanks Will. We're very light on questions today I have to say. I'm sure Alan or Sir David
 we would appreciate a question but so there's one here that actually I can
 answer is a question from Sanjay Ja. Again, thank you. Just asking is a copy of the presentation
 the website. It will be Sanjay, also a recording of this presentation or the whole webinar
 with the presentation, the Q&A session, will be available.
 We'll try and make that by the end of the day, but certainly by tomorrow morning, so
 you can go through, again, obviously, for those people
 unable to attend, then they can also listen as well.
 So, yes, we have another question, and this one is from Anthony Plom, saw the hiatus sail
 to Megit? Is this a one-off or are there any other parts of business that you'd consider
 selling. We're going to start with Will on that. Yeah we're very pleased selling our
 stake in Hayta, really good home with Megit and look forward to supporting Hayta and Megit
 very closely as a supplier of additive and other technologies to them in the future.
 So at the moment that that's the only thing we were planning in the immediate future.
 So I'm very pleased to get that done, but no nothing else that we're working on at the moment.
 Okay, thanks Will.
 Another question here from Robert Davis.
 us, 607 the last half years have seen positive medical margins. What has
 structurally changed here versus a few years ago.
 and that one's going to...
 Okay, so with the medical side, we have a slight change with selling our business in
 in RDL, the Diagnostics Business, which helped profitability there. We also made some changes,
 which I think we talked about in the past with our neurological business of a focus there
 are saying that really the strong future there and the opportunities is on the collaboration
 with large fiber companies in terms of developing therapies with them and supporting them doing
 that for which we get paid as part of the program. So that focus of the neurogroup has
 certainly helped the margins there as well together with a nice steady good
 growth on our existing strategy with our spectroscopy business.
 Okay, thanks Will. We've had a number of questions come in, thanks for those.
 And here's one from David Robinson, you want David?
 Can you give any indication of any change in the demand or requirements for your products
 from the EV cars versus conventional cars and start with Will on that one as well.
 Yeah.
 Yes, I think within our industrial metrology group what we may see over time is a shift
 from maybe, as there's less machining operations,
 potentially less machine tool probes, although a lot of these operations are quite automated
 not using machine tool probes already from the processes that they were using, particularly
 on the cylinder blocks towards more of a stronger demand for the Equator and new products that
 we'll have coming out there in the future in engaging
 and our Revo product line.
 So we are seeing a good engagement customers there,
 the same productivity benefits that they bring to traditional IC manufacturing carryover
 into EV. What we're also seeing, and this is a Revo one, is that some of the parts where
 they don't need to be touched. Actually the Revo with with Vision is
 is complimenting the touch there well as well.
 So, as I said, I think it's still early days
 from the EV market in terms of maturity
 understanding metrology requirements, but we think we've got some good flexible offerings
 that will grow that over time.
 time.
 Thanks Will.
 Holland has been waiting patiently and I think this is one that he can finally get his teeth
 them to as a question from Richard Page. Good morning Richard. Thank you for the guidance
 on additional workforce costs in second half. Q4 profitability last year was impacted by
 additional bonus accrual. Should we assume that these costs are better smoothed this
 this year, so I'm going to push that one across to Alan.
 Thank you, Chris.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Jonathan.
 Richard. Yes, we have factored in additional bonus accruals, which do occur when we know
 what the year end results are, so they have been factored into our profit range as disclosed
 and the uh...
 in the statement.
 Okay, thanks Alan
 Alan.
 I'm going to go question here from Robert Davies again.
 Have you seen any changes in terms of threats from competitors or new market entrants?
 Is it getting any more challenging to protect your IP?
 I think we'll start with Whale on that one.
 So, no, it's still fine to protect IP, the Patterns Department here, our internal Patterns
 department are still very very busy with a backlog of ideas that need to come
 through for our new inventions. So that's absolutely still part of the strategy and
 still working in terms of competitors new market entrance then nothing that
 stands out, I think, to bring attention to at the moment now.
 Okay, thanks Will.
 Question here about inventory from Nishad Subramanian. Can you talk about the
 inventory situation in the channel and your customers may be end customers.
 Thanks, and again, we'll...
 So maybe I've had to talk through inventory in general, so we have been going
 eventually work in progress as we respond to the rising demand. We would still like to have more
 particularly on such products as our encoders, to really accelerate the growth
 I think we can do there, so we will be focusing that on this half.
 In terms of then the inventory that we see with our customers and end customers, it feels
 like everything is still quite hand-to-mouth, so with our customers getting products to
 their customers. So I don't think there's a large stock piling, but look, we're probably
 not the experts and the white people to ask that, but it doesn't feel that's the situation
 at the moment.
 OK, thanks, Will.
 It's another question from Richard Page.
 A number of your peers and customers
 have spoken about the impact of component shortages
 on sales growth.
 to what extent did these impact your first-half performance
 and may impact a second half.
 We'll start with that one.
 Thank you very much for your time.
 Yes, so Component Shortage is a major challenge. It is something that our manufacturing and
 product design teams have done a great job
 to make the most in a really tricky situation.
 So we have had to divert design, engineer, and resource
 on to making sure that when we run into a component,
 shortage that we can look around and find alternatives for that so that we can keep production going
 and our customers supported, and we have done a great job of making sure that it's happening.
 Now, clearly, that has made us less productive with having to do this work, and that has
 impacted in terms of our engineering spend.
 Now, in terms of getting a product type and what was the impact in our first half, then
 We for sure we would have shipped more of our order book if we could have shipped more product at the moment.
 So, it's hard to put it exactly into how much that would do to component shortages because
 Generally, we'll find a work around for that.
 in terms of h2 going forward
 Then as you see we do have a wider range
 The usual at this time of year, we've gone up to 40 million, some of that is factoring
 in uncertainty both on our supply chain and also the concern that our customers may be
 even if we supply to them well, they may be let down by other suppliers, and therefore
 the demand may be softer than the market is requesting, so our sales will be less.
 Thanks, Will.
 Another question from Jonathan Hearn. Can you give us some more color on the assumptions made
 to get to the guidance range, particularly the upper end. For example, what visibility do you have,
 what is it assuming for end markets such as automotive and aerospace and also what
 What cost inflation does it assume?
 We'll start with Alan. Well, I apologize.
 Okay, so let's start with the turnover range here.
 So as I just mentioned, we have factored in a little bit more uncertainty than normally
 this time of year, although it is on a higher number. So what we have in there is uncertainty
 on timing for larger orders that may come through at the end of the year, we
 We haven't certainly talked about it in terms of demand for some of our position measurement
 line in terms of our ability to supply and also our customers ability to get
 products from other people and also from their own uncertainty from the demand from their
 customers so we have tried to be a little bit broader this time to reflect
 that and we will see in a quarter's time how much of those things have come through.
 In terms of specific stuff with automotive and aerospace, that's probably more steady
 state, so I don't think they are the largest areas of uncertainty that we would have there.
 In terms of cost inflation, we've talked of some of the parts during the presentation
 of bringing up where we have increased overheads for the business in terms of things like the
 heat light and power. We've also put in more for travel as we're looking forward to getting
 out and meeting customers both at their facilities and also at trade shows and we
 We are also going to see the impact of the cost-based increase with the labor costs that
 we talked about in the first half, and also we are planning now to be increasing our
 particularly our engineering headcount in the second half.
 I don't know if anything Alan you want to add?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I would just add to that that the
 The costs have been factored into the forecast, as we have just mentioned, but also, of course,
 the margin is such that it has a big impact on revenue forecasts. So they are factored
 then into the projections and the focus going forward.
 Thanks, Alan.
 Question for Sir David, which I'm sure he's delighted about. This is from Mark Davis-Janes again.
 Could Sir David comment on where he may be focusing in terms of longer term R&D projects
 and technology developments, and what is the next big thing he sees on the horizon for
 manufacturing technology.
 Well, I've been keeping out of world's hair and focusing solely on additive manufacturing.
 The present hook of our offerings are very much small batch size things, but the future
 is the price per part, and it comes down, the potential for added manufacturing is enormous.
 there's no truly to be sharpened, there's a lot of advantages and the price per part
 is coming down really rapidly and then that will take off in my view in the future.
 Okay, thanks, David.
 Um, we thought.
 Okay, this is another question from Anthony Plom.
 Has there been any progress in the neurology business with regards to winning more partners
 and a very similar question actually from Arrachele Strasburger as well. Thank you Arrachele
 who asks if it is possible to give a bit more granularity around the clinical trials for
 the health care division any time frames. So I think we're going to push that one towards
 as well.
 Yeah, thank you.
 So, look, as I mentioned, the trial we talked about before, unfortunately, although our
 A product worked well, there was an issue with the drug.
 There's a really good part about this, it showed a framework that we have now in place
 where a farmer can engage with us and work with us on their drug with our drug delivery
 technology. We have a number, this is less than 10 of potential pharma accounts that
 we are discussing and working with, none of those are actively going now with an agreed
 longer term plan, but some are coming through and we're doing early stages with them and
 working well. So we really hope this is going to be something
 over the next 12 months, we're in a place where really these are starting to accelerate.
 Okay, thanks, Will.
 Well, we've had a couple of questions around the combined shareholding for Sir David and
 John Deere, the company founders, and anything that we can say on that, what options are
 been considered. There's a couple of questions there, similar questions, so that's from Edward
 Peter Hovelin.
 Good morning.
 and also from Jonathan Hearn, I think that one's going to go to Will.
 Yes, look, unfortunately, we've tried to be a bit more open and give a bit more information
 out today on some of the end markets and additional information. This is one that we really can't
 talk about, all I can say from talking with David and John is they're very much aligned
 in terms of wanting to find the best long-term future for Ravanishor, but unfortunately more
 Open that.
 we really can't say today.
 Okay well that's the end of the questions and perfectly the end of the
 session at Bangalore 11 o'clock. So thank you everyone for joining. As I said earlier,
 we will aim to publish a recording of today's presentation and Q&A session on the IR section
 of our website by tomorrow morning at the latest.
 So, just on behalf of Renishul, I'd like to thank you all for attending this event.
 Hopefully it's been a value to all of you that have attended and finally just a reminder that you
 We'll be able to download, copy the interim report, and copy the financial presentation
 later today from the IR pages of our website.
 So, again, thank you for attending.
 and have a good day.
 Okay.
 Thanks for watching.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 Bye.