 Good morning, everyone. I'm Chris Pocket, Head of Communications for the Renishall Group,
 and I would like to welcome you to this live webcast presentation
 of Renishield's interim financial results for the period ended December 2021.
 Today's presenters are Will Lee, Chief Executive, and Alan Roberts, Group Finance Director
 before I hand over to Will
 I would like to go through some basic housekeeping for the event.
 After the presentation, which will last around 25 minutes,
 Sir David McMurtry, Executive Chairman, will join Will and Alan for a question and answer session
 in which we'll try to answer as many questions as possible
 before we close at 11 o'clock.
 No questions will be answered during the formal presentation.
 However, you will be able to submit questions both during and after the presentation via the question icon that you can see on the control panel on the right of your screen.
 I'd also like to point out that all financial information given during this presentation will be in pound sterling.
 Thank you again for joining this webcast event, and I will now hand over to Will.
 Thank you very much, Chris.
 so let's take a start looking at the numbers
 A really good first half for us.
 Revenue growth of 27% up to $325 million.
 That is a record for us.
 We've seen record levels of demand.
 It's those key markets that we've talked about before really strongly recovering
 and also the semiconductor electronics markets remaining strong.
 This has been across the board in all of our region and continuing the trends that we talked about at the last webcast.
 At profit, up by 94% from $43 million to $84 million.
 Again, a record profit for us for the first half.
 And this has benefited from both the strong sales and also some of the productivity improvements that we put in place a while ago.
 Cash up to 222 million at the end of the period.
 this is really driven by the strong trading performance
 We have invested more in capital expenditure in the last half than we did last year, and also with the dividend payment.
 Alan will cover this in more detail later on.
 Now take a look at our manufacturing technologies segment.
 We can see here really good performance, strong growth of 30 percent, very much similar trends the last time we spoke.
 So we're seeing sustained investment in semiconductor and electronics capex, and that's very much driving the demand for our encoder technologies.
 and we're also seeing
 in the more traditional manufacturing sectors, the need for more automation, driving both
 for our flexible gauging, the Equator product
 and also our machine tool products.
 what we have been asked about quite a few times in the past
 It is what our thoughts are on the end markets for our technologies.
 Now, as we explained here, we have a range of routes to market,
 and this varies quite a bit actually depending on the product line so with
 additive manufacturing
 we're selling direct to the end user
 and we know exactly where they are going with products such as encoders,
 then we know what the equipment is
 which is typically into electronics and semiconductor equipment,
 But with industrial metrology products, particularly with machine tool probes and CMM probes, we are normally selling through a machine tool or CMM builder.
 and therefore we are less certain on what the actual end use is.
 Now, in the pie chart, you can see we have our estimate here for the complete manufacturing technology part of the business.
 And that gives an indication as to what we feel the market sector split is.
 You can see it's quite diverse.
 one probably worth explaining a little bit is on the precision manufacturing
 here we have a range of a subsystem
 subcontractors
 making a range of parts
 bearings, motors, sensors etc
 going into a range of industries
 and also general subcontractors making parts for a range of different industries.
 so the exciting thing here also is
 very positive long-term growth rates for the markets we're serving here
 and also we've got the great technologies now
 and the future developments really to exploit those opportunities.
 so if we now take a look at the analytical instruments
 of medical devices,
 segment, then we can see here
 we did see a revenue drop of
 of 10%. Looking behind
 that a little bit, spectroscopy
 the order of intake actually was
 strong in H1
 What we did see, though, was a bit of delay in shipments going into China,
 particularly with educational facilities, achieving duty-free exemption certificates.
 We did also see a reduced turnover in our Neuro product line.
 we have been really positive news here
 as we talked about before, engaging with a number of large pharma.
 The trial actually that we talked about last time actually has ended.
 There were issues with the drug there.
 Positive news was that our technology, the drug delivery technology, worked very well.
 And this sort of showed a model that we will work with with pharma companies going forward.
 If we look here at the end market overview, so less sectors naturally here, large one dominated research here very much with our spectroscopy product line.
 So if we now take a look at the breakdown of the revenue by region, what we can see here, which is very positive,
 is that where we talked before about the recovery being driven
 by our Asia-Pacific region, we now see that all three
 of our sales regions are growing nicely.
 Many similar trends causing that growth across the regions.
 APAC stands out still as being a bit different though
 That really comes from a significant volume of the manufacturing of semiconductor and electronics CAPEX equipment is done in the APAC region.
 and that is meaning that
 that the revenue and demand for our encoders is very strong there.
 we also see a lot of the manufacturing of consumer electronics happening there
 and that is pulling on demand for particularly our greater flexible gauge
 but also for machine tool probes.
 What we're also seeing is these general drivers in all of our regions.
 What we're seeing is machine tool investments and machine tool consumption going up, meaning increased sales through machine tool builders of our machine tool probes.
 Our AM strategy is really working with repeat orders for our AM machines by the same customers.
 So that key account strategy working nicely.
 we're seeing increased
 investment into the
 Automotive, EV, clearly a lot of investment going on and also a recovery in the aerospace market and more investment there.
 And this is really good driving growth in our REVO system, the five-axis technology for highly productive CMM measurement.
 And we're also seeing increased industrial robots, which is good, particularly for our
 magnetic encoders
 Okay, I will now hand over to Alan.
 Thank you, Will, and good morning, everybody.
 As Will has already mentioned,
 we have experienced a very strong
 performance this half-year with significant growth in revenue, profitability and cash generation.
 due to the skills and dedication of our people
 the Rukub has maintained strong customer support, global supply chains and all other business operations
 throughout this period of record first half revenue in an ordering take.
 Revenue amounted to £325.2 million compared to £255.1 million last year, an increase of 27% or 30% at constant exchange rates.
 Adjusted profit before tax is £84.2 million, a record half-year profit and compares with £43.4 million in the prior year, mainly as a result of the additional gross margin from revenue growth.
 This gives a return on revenue of 26% compared to 17% for the previous year.
 Adjusted profit before tax is one of the key performance measures
 used by the board to monitor the underlying trading performance of the group
 and the following items are excluded from adjusted profit before tax.
 Losses of $2.9 million from forward contracts, mostly U.S. dollar denominated, deemed ineffective for cash flow hedging, compared with gains of $20.5 million in the previous year.
 These gains and losses have no impact on our cash balances
 and no additional contracts have been designated as ineffective this year.
 and a credit of £0.2 million for third-party advisory fees relating to the formal sales process in the current half-year only.
 the resultant statutory profit before tax
 was 81.5 million compared to 63.9 million last year.
 The effective tax rate for the half-year is 15.9% compared to 18% in the previous year,
 representing a best estimate of the full-year effective tax rates
 by geographical territory applied to the half-year profits.
 The reduced effective tax rate mainly arises from the forecast increase
 in the UK patent box benefit from nil in the prior year.
 Earnings per share on an adjusted basis is 97.2 pence, up from 49.2 pence last year, and on a statutory basis is 94.2 pence, up from 72.1 pence last year.
 The Board has proposed an interim dividend of 16 pence per share,
 a 14.3% increase over the last year's 14 pence per share.
 Income Statement
 This slide presents detail of our income statement and the profit bridge shows the movements that reconcile the adjusted profit before tax of £43.4 million for the last half year to the £84.2 million this year.
 We have seen a £46 million improvement in gross margin, excluding engineering costs,
 mostly attributable to the increase in revenue.
 our gross margin of 35.5% of revenue
 is similar to the previous year.
 However, we have seen an increase in the cost of some purchased items, particularly electronic components, aluminium and steel,
 and an adverse currency impact, which have been offset by improved efficiencies resulting from higher production volumes.
 The group headcount is increased during the first half of the financial year and was 4,975 at the end of December 2021, compared to 4,664 at the end of June 2021 and 4,324 at the end of December 2020.
 the increase since June
 and mostly comprises manufacturing staff
 to ensure we have sufficient capacity to meet demand
 and also an intake of 127 graduates and apprentices.
 labour costs excluding bonus provisions and prior year overseas job retention grant income
 where 115.1 million
 in this half year
 compared to 102.4 million last year
 with an average headcount in the first half of 4,832
 against the previous half year of
 4,371.
 more on
 this topic will be
 covered by Will later on
 we remain committed
 to our long-term strategy of
 developing new
 innovative and
 patented products to create strong
 market positions and incurred net engineering
 expenditure of $37.8 million in the first half compared to
 37.2 million last year.
 certain other operating
 costs such as travel and exhibitions
 are higher this half year compared to last year
 as some restrictions relating to the pandemic have been lifted.
 we have also experienced
 an increase in other overhead costs, including higher utility costs due to rising energy
 prices and higher usage, and other third-party administrative
 if cost rises due to the current inflationary pressures.
 Turning to cash flow, this bridge tracks the movements from our opening cash and bank deposits balance of £215 million for the 1st of July to the closing position of £222 million at the end of December.
 our operating profit before non-cash items
 and research and development costs
 gave a cash inflow of $122.6 million.
 We have seen a net 17.9 million cash outflow
 from changes in working capital
 primarily relating to an increase in inventory levels of 22.3 million.
 This reflects increases in global demand and plant uplifts to strategic safety stock levels
 to mitigate global supply shortages.
 this has been partially offset by a cash inflow
 of 5.4 million following an improvement in debtor days.
 Significant cash outflows relating to our capital allocation strategy include £27.9 million of R&D costs, £13 million of capex, including intangibles, and £37.8 million of dividends paid.
 Other significant cash outflows include £10.4 million for tax payments and £4.4 million of pension scheme funding.
 Turning to capital expenditure
 of the 12.2 million capital expenditure in the first half
 8.5 million related to planted equipment, primarily to support our manufacturing processes and IT infrastructure.
 and £3.7 million on property for completion of our new distribution facility in South Korea,
 providing demonstration capability for our capital goods products.
 We are planning to increase our capital expenditure in the coming 18 months,
 including new production equipment and property expansion at our MISC site in South Wales to support future business growth.
 We have detailed planning permission for two additional halls, which will roughly double the space available for production at this site.
 The first phase of this development could result in spend of up to £20 million next financial year.
 I'll now hand back to Will.
 thank you very much Alan
 so if you look at sustainability
 clearly this is key for us
 As with every business going forward, we are committed to a net zero emission target of 2050.
 Hopefully we'll bring that further forward when we understand what is required better.
 we are continuing to invest here
 so we do get
 the majority of our global electricity
 from renewable sources but you're also
 investing in our own solar panels
 and we will continue to do that
 you can see here in the picture
 Actually, investment going on in our Dublin manufacturing facilities with new solar power panels being installed.
 One of our real challenges
 of this half has been
 really ramping up our manufacturing capacity to meet the demands of our customers.
 as a huge effort that has gone on by our global manufacturing team
 We've done an absolutely amazing job of ramping up our capacity.
 we've grown
 continue to grow our manufacturing headcount.
 we've been really working closely
 with our suppliers
 making sure that we can keep the supply chains
 going of critical components
 We've done a really good job.
 So clearly there are cost pressures on some components coming in, but actually we've really offset that and kept our gross margin stable by looking at manufacturing efficiencies and productivity improvements ourselves.
 what we are seeing is that we're now starting to catch up
 with that rising demand.
 you can see on the graph on the right
 how the order book has been going up steadily quarter by quarter.
 What we have seen from a manufacturing point of view
 in terms of prices is, as everybody has seen, an increase in energy price,
 which will really cut in for the second half of this financial year
 where we expect an additional £1.2 million worth of energy costs in the business.
 So we now take a look at our commercial strategy.
 now for us going forward the really important thing is we're looking at
 growing our market share
 and what we have here
 is with a lot of our OEM products which get designed in.
 Our success rate here is really of getting new design wins.
 Now, this is a long process from introducing products, getting it tested, and then getting it built and designed into our customers' products.
 This has been helped with new products coming through and machine tool, for example, such as the NC4 Blue.
 but one of particular
 of interest
 and it's
 going very well for us is with our new enclosed encoder this is really good from us from from a
 growth point of view because it's a new market
 as well it's a product we didn't line we didn't have before and what we are seeing it is a very
 good uptake and adoption
 here and this
 is as we ramp up our production
 capabilities of this new product.
 We are also complementing this with the end user strategy that we talked about.
 We have become more focused here, more focused on key accounts, whether this is from a CMM engaging systems point of view or from an additive manufacturing point of view.
 that strategy, repeat business
 as I talked about earlier, is working well for us. To complement our direct sales force,
 which is still relatively small
 We are looking then at how do we address more end users.
 What we're doing here is products such as the Equator, which has very much now gained market acceptance as being a fantastic shop floor gauge,
 is we are looking at distributors and other people to sell the equator directly to end customers for us.
 As part of this, we are looking at opening up the equator and collaborating with others with their software packages,
 allowing customers to choose the software package that they want to program the Equator with.
 As COVID restrictions hopefully ease in the second half of the year, we are very much looking forward to getting out and meeting in person our OEM and our end user customers all around the world.
 This is both in person and at trade shows and exhibitions, which will be happening.
 this will result in an increase
 and we are factoring in an extra million pounds for the second half of the year
 relative to the first half
 for travel and exhibition spend.
 OK, so if we now take a look at engineering and research, the bit to start with here really is saying that the markets that we operate in, as we've talked about, we feel have good long term growth opportunities.
 and we also feel that one of our core competences is research and development
 and then taking that technology to develop really innovative new products.
 And therefore, our primary growth strategy over the next few years will be one of organic growth through exploiting the output from our R&D facilities.
 Now, we have seen our R&D spend go down over the last couple of years.
 This was when we introduced our Fit for the Future initiative, which very much focused our engineering efforts on what we thought were really key new products for the health and long term success of the business.
 We are now recruiting and we are planning to grow in H2 our engineering spend as we want to accelerate a number of these new programs.
 If we look at the breakdown of the engineering span, then there's a number of different activities that are going on here.
 We have a really important one of process development and developing incremental changes in our products.
 keeping our product lines fresh and maintaining those product margins by making us more productive.
 We've also had a fair bit of resource in this area recently, making sure that when we have supply chain issues and we have to look at alternative parts,
 The design teams are supporting that change to make sure those components are compatible and will work well and deliver quality products for our customers.
 what we're trying to focus on is more and more
 resource on major new products those they're going to make a real difference both in established
 markets for us and in new markets
 where we come along with really patented, differentiated new technologies.
 and then what we also have then
 is the research for the future
 Typically smaller teams looking at the technology that's going to power us and our growth over the next 10, 20 years.
 We've also been steadily increasing our investment into software and we have some really important new products coming through in the future.
 these are focused on both
 making it easier for customers
 to program and use our products
 And also in terms of helping them do new things, controlling manufacturing processes better and also then getting an insight and information from the data that they are generating during their manufacturing processes.
 if we now look at our people
 First thing to say here, clearly,
 been a huge amount
 of dedication
 by everyone across the group
 in responding to the opportunities
 that we've had with the increase in demand from our customer.
 so a huge thank you there
 we have increased
 our workforce to respond to this growth we have increased by over 300 people
 which the majority has been in supporting the manufacturing capacity
 growth. We have
 been complementing across the group with targeted increases and we will continue to do that going
 into the second half.
 We've also put a lot of effort in into employee development and retention.
 we've gone through quite a large
 benchmarking
 exercise in the UK to make sure that our pay is competitive and then we've also been looking at
 how do we give everyone clear progression routes through the organization
 and making sure we are giving them the skills and development to succeed and do well.
 we are having a real focus on
 on productivity across the group.
 a continued focus and this is
 looking at initiatives to help us increase
 the efficiency and making the most
 of all these very valuable resources that we have
 to make sure we maintain our operating
 margins
 Now, from a financial perspective, we will see our labor cost increase by around 6 million for the second half relative to the first half.
 This is a combination of recruitment, benchmarking, increased employer, and I.
 now part here is recruiting for the future
 As we talked about, we want to invest here.
 we think we have the opportunity to do so
 and therefore we are
 we are
 planning to increase our headcount
 and second half for these long-term opportunities.
 That's it.
 So looking forward, as we've talked about, we believe we are operating in very attractive markets with good long-term growth opportunities.
 we are therefore
 continuing to increase our investment
 for organic growth going forward for that long-term potential.
 if we look in the shorter term
 Though for this financial year, we expect the markets to continue to be strong with those same drivers continuing.
 We're therefore putting out a revenue range for the full year of between £650 million and £690 million.
 million pounds the profit we expect to be within the range of 157 million pounds to 181 million pounds
 And over to you, Chris.
 Well, thank you. Good morning, everyone. Again, thank you to Will and Alan.
 We've now been joined by Sir David Murtry for this Q&A session.
 We have around 35 minutes remaining.
 as ever I'll try to group
 similar questions together
 so that we
 consequences like we may not answer
 the all individual questions.
 We're going to start with a question from Mark Davis-Jones
 Good morning, Mark, relating to R&D.
 And the question is, R&D spend was down slightly despite much stronger revenues.
 Is this just a timing issue or should we expect R&D to sales ratios to remain lower than in the past, given your tighter focus on a smaller number of flagship products?
 I think that one's going to go to Will.
 Thanks, Chris.
 so no
 if we're gonna we have very ambitious five-year plan in place that relies on
 on us delivering a number of new products through to the market and investing in R&D will be key to
 delivering on that
 So, Mark, as you say, we have focused on some more key flagship projects.
 They need more resourcing to accelerate those three, those through.
 and also we have some nice new technologies coming through
 and earlier stages that we now want to accelerate as well.
 so we plan as we always have
 that the majority of our growth will be organic.
 so we will be investing
 And that's one of the reasons why our second half costs are higher because we are forecasting an increase in our R&D expenditure.
 Okay, thanks for that, Will.
 Now I've got a question from Anthony Clon.
 good morning
 that's me
 thank you for the
 additional disclosure on
 end markets, very helpful
 exclamation mark
 in
 manufacturing technologies, can we infer
 from this
 that 71% of Renishall's sales are direct to end customer?
 If so, what percentage would this have been five or 10 years ago?
 Thank you very much.
 end up irrelevant of whether we have sold them direct to that end customer in which case we
 clearly know where they
 the end juice
 Um,
 Or if they have gone through.
 form of distribution
 So a machine tool builder or a CMM builder, et cetera.
 So, no, that is not saying that 71% of our sales are directed to an end customer.
 as I think I mentioned
 And we do have a number of routes to market here, sometimes like with our encoders,
 when we're selling into some electronics capital equipment.
 We know that equipment's going to end up in the electronics market.
 other times when we're selling machine tool programs to a machine tool builder
 we will only really understand
 the end use if we are talking
 with that machine tool builder to understand
 roughly the ratios of where they are selling
 into
 So this should be taken as our best guess as the end use of our products.
 Thanks, Will.
 how we're going
 Another question here from Mark Davis-Jones.
 Could you please explain the China export issue in spectroscopy?
 Is this ongoing?
 I think that's also
 going to be
 answered by
 will.
 So, yes, this is still ongoing.
 We think it's just a timing issue and nothing to be concerned about.
 it's due to the
 the process, I think many educational customers for our spectroscopy in China claiming duty
 slash VAT back on the product
 and there's paperwork to do in advance
 so this has pushed things over into
 next year that we would have hoped we would have shipped sorry into the second half that we
 hoped would have shipped in the first half.
 So I don't think there's anything to be concerned about.
 We think it is just a timing issue.
 Okay, thanks, Will.
 we'll stay
 with
 Mark's questions
 It's also a question on the new disclosure on end markets.
 He asked, could you comment on what you are seeing in automotive?
 There have been concerns in the past about the EV transition and declining ICE business.
 e-business, how are you seeing this play out in practice?
 And I'll give that one to Will.
 yeah so
 a very interesting transition so clearly as we know that there are going to be less machined
 parts in a pure EV vehicle, but a number of new metrology challenges that some of our products
 equator gauging
 Revo are very well suited
 to measuring
 So it's still early days there.
 We're still finding and understanding their challenges.
 but the nice thing is that we believe there's going to be
 continued investment in that transition for quite a while so that change we
 believe will have probably changed some of the different bits and some of the
 different stuff in terms of products for us, but the investment there is really good for us.
 Thanks, Will.
 we'll move on to
 a different questioner now.
 So good morning, Anthony Lynch, who joins us.
 he asks
 the order book demonstrates strong near-term visibility but what gives the longer-term
 confidence to double miskin manufacturing capacity.
 And I think that one's going to go to Will to start.
 So just to clarify, we've put planning permission into double the capacity.
 That is two new holes.
 That is not saying that we will be doing both halls immediately.
 So we have the option to do one whole than the next, depending on how we see the plans going forward.
 What we do see with some of our newer products and products under development,
 that they are larger
 than the traditional products that we are
 used to. Even stuff that is
 quite traditional for us
 like with the new Fortis machine tool encoder that talked about,
 Actually, the size of that compared to traditional encoder is much bigger.
 So we are going to need more floor space to efficiently and productively manufacture these products.
 and we're still very much believe that keeping them close to our design
 facilities is the right thing to do so this will be one of our decisions to
 make in the second half of this year at the moment our assumption is that we
 We'll do one whole immediately.
 and then depending on
 how we see demand going for the future, we may do the second one very soon afterwards.
 Thanks, Will.
 we'll stay with
 all the book
 and here's a question from Jonathan
 Good morning, Jonathan.
 is your order book visibility still around three months
 or is it currently longer?
 any signs of double customer ordering in the order book?
 And are you seeing a return of large one-off orders?
 and again, Will's going to lead on that one.
 So, this isn't being driven by large one-off orders.
 I think the interesting change probably
 from what we used to is in the position measurement order book where we are
 seeing far more visibility
 there and guidance from our customers
 than we're used to
 And I guess this shows that the challenge they're having with all their supply chains, not just in terms of getting stuff from us, but across the board.
 and what they are there for trying to do is to help with us
 and giving us more visibility there and scheduling.
 So yes, there certainly is a change from a position measurement encoder product line
 in terms of the audiobook visibility
 going out further.
 but a lot of the other stuff is
 more normal
 and just strong demand.
 and
 sorry
 in terms of double
 ordering and whatever
 But so how much are people trying to overorder then?
 And honestly, we never really know, but we don't believe so.
 So we believe in general, the stuff that we are seeing is genuine for very strong demand.
 Okay, thanks, Will. We'll stay with another question from Jonathan.
 and how much are you looking to increase headcount in the second half of the year
 and what specific areas have been the focus of retention payments.
 I'll start with Will on that one.
 So if we just come up with the retention payments, so that has been a benchmarking.
 that these aren't sort of
 but it,
 uh,
 awards that vest
 over time so this is us benchmarking understanding where we are paying relative to the market
 and making adjustments there
 And that has been across the board with a UK focus on it at the moment.
 So which which has been very well received and has been a good exercise for us to go through.
 So in terms of headcount increase in H2, then we're looking probably at recruiting another couple of million of headcount costs for the second half.
 And this is now on really targeted investments, accelerating new product development plans, key commercial activities that we want to achieve.
 And with some manufacturing headcount increase where we are still trying to ramp up and accelerate some of the product manufacturing capabilities.
 OK.
 Okay, thanks, Will.
 Question here from Henry Carver.
 Good morning, Henry.
 market share gains
 where does
 Renishaw's manufacturing
 technology segment stand
 versus competition
 in terms of one, pricing, and two, software capability.
 OK, thank you.
 So let's do the two easy ones to start with so position position measurement with our encoders
 we
 that there is no software that
 that goes with that
 So that's very much a hardware product line.
 So that's a fairly simple one.
 With the calibration side of that, we do have excellent software that goes with that.
 So additive manufacturing, our role there, again, is to be the best hardware supplier with the software that will sit in the background and make sure we get the most out of the hardware.
 So that's quite an integrated, but we don't intend to be the leader there in terms of the programming, the CAD CAM software for AM.
 So, again, quite a clear situation there. With the industrial metrology area, clearly this is different.
 and traditionally
 we have been
 um
 more competitive stronger as a traditional hardware manufacturer we have as I mentioned
 been investing quite a lot in
 software here
 and focusing on areas which we believe can be quite disruptive
 with ease of use and data.
 Again, this is quite a broad picture across the different industrial metrology lines from Machine Tool, where we have a huge install base of our macro software all around the world, which is maybe different to some of the situations on some of the newer products like Equator.
 As I said, there are a number of different software packages out there and we are collaborating with more of them now.
 so in terms of pricing then we again this varies across the board on the
 different areas here.
 In general, though, we tend to be a – we are certainly not going after the cheap end of the market,
 and we are offering a premium product in what it can do
 and we would look to charge our customers for that premium offering.
 I'm going to do a few more.
 Thanks, guys.
 Thanks, Will.
 It's a question now from Sanjay Jha.
 morning Sanjay
 There's a question about our equator gauging system.
 question is you mentioned the need for
 compatibility with multiple software vendors is this a shift in the market and i think that one's
 It's going to go to Will as well.
 I'd say it's a shift in our strategy.
 If you look at our history with Equator, one of the challenges sometimes of coming up with something that doesn't exist before
 it is that you need to grow
 people understanding of their need
 for it, that product, and what it can do for them.
 And the early stages of the crater were doing that over the last few years.
 it's been
 now very much accepted as a key part of of a manufacturing um machine shop uh so we've seen
 the acceptance of equator really take off uh so our strategy has been now how do we uh maximize
 our sales of Equator with a relatively small end-user sales force of our own within Renish.
 And this has meant that we've been looking at getting other people selling Equator for us and and meeting the pull of the customers.
 Now, with this, some of the customers will want to use it with our software.
 others may already have other software that you're using
 what we announced I think is
 look we are happy
 We will allow other people to sell a creator and support it with the customer's choice of software.
 Okay, thanks, Will. Here's a question again from, that's the first question for Robert
 davis um hello robert uh how receptive are your
 additive manufacturing customers
 to purchasing your AM machines versus wanting to outsource the work,
 i.e. getting you to produce
 their AM parts for them
 and I'll put that one over to Will.
 OK, so we won't make production AM parts for customers.
 that's not a service we operate that we do what we will do is clearly at the
 early stages of working with a customer
 who's looking at really accelerating
 and developing AM capabilities,
 then we will support them
 by making initial parts
 for them
 And we may also host some of their early machines that they have bought here so we can support them before they are ready to host those machines at their own facilities.
 Now, if a customer is interested in additive manufacturing and wants to get the benefits that they can bring with design and productivity that comes with additive manufacturing and getting that from our machines,
 but they don't want to invest in the manufacturing infrastructure themselves,
 then they can clearly go to an AM subcontractor, use our machines there so we can help them with that journey.
 but that's not an area of the market
 that we want to get into ourselves.
 we are clearly going to be focused on making the best machines the most productive machines
 that will grow Padabad Fusion very well in the future.
 Okay, thanks, Will.
 with very light on questions
 day, I have to say. I'm sure Alan
 or Sir David would appreciate the question.
 question. But there's one here that actually I can answer. It's a question from Sanjay
 Again, thank you.
 Just asking is a copy of the presentation of the website.
 It will be, Sanjay, also a recording of this presentation or the whole webinar with the presentation, the Q&A session will be available.
 We'll try and make that by the end of the day, but certainly by tomorrow morning.
 So you can go through again, obviously, for those people unable to attend, then they can also listen as well.
 we
 yes we have
 another question
 And this one is from Anthony Plom.
 saw the hiatus
 sale to Megit
 Is this a one-off or are there any other parts of business that you'd consider selling?
 we're going to start with Will on that
 Yeah, we're very pleased selling our stake in Haïta.
 to really get home
 with Megit
 and look forward to supporting Hayter and Megit very closely
 as a supplier of additive and other technologies to them in the future.
 So at the moment, that's the only thing we were planning in the immediate future.
 so very pleased to get that done
 but nothing else that we're working on at the moment.
 Okay, thanks, Will.
 Another question here from Robert Davis.
 six or seven
 the last half years
 I've seen positive medical margins.
 what has structurally changed here versus a few years ago and that one's going to
 okay so
 with the medical
 side um we have uh there clearly we have a slight change with um selling our business in rdl the
 diagnostics business which helped profitability there we also made some changes which I think we
 talked about in the past with our
 neurological business
 of a focus there
 saying that really
 the strong future there and the opportunities is on the collaboration with large fiber companies
 in terms of developing therapies with them
 and supporting them doing that
 for which we get paid as part of the programme.
 So that focus of the neuro group has certainly helped the margins there as well,
 together with a nice, steady, good growth on our existing strategy with our spectroscopy business.
 Okay, thanks, Will.
 We've had a number of questions come in.
 Thanks for those.
 and here's one from David
 Robinson, you and David,
 Can you give any indication of any change in the demand or requirements for your products from EV cars versus conventional cars?
 I'll start with Will on that one as well.
 Yes, I think within our industrial metrology group, what we may see over time is a shift from maybe as there's less machining operations, potentially less machine tool probes.
 Although a lot of these operations were quite automated, not using machine tool probes already from the processes that they were using,
 particularly on the cylinder blocks, towards more of a stronger demand for the equator
 and new products that we'll have coming out there in the future
 engaging and our Revo product line.
 So we are seeing a good engagement with customers there, the same productivity benefits that they bring to traditional IC manufacturing carryover into EV.
 what we're also seeing
 And this is a revo one is that some of the parts where they don't need to be touched actually the revo with with vision is
 is complementing the touch there well as well so i as i said i think it's still early days from the
 EV market in terms of maturity of understanding metrology requirements but we think we've got
 some good flexible offerings
 that will grow there over time.
 Thanks, Will.
 Alan's been waiting patiently
 and I think
 This is one that he can finally get his teeth into.
 there's a question from Richard Page
 Good morning, Richard.
 Thank you for the guidance on additional workforce costs in second half.
 Q4 profitability last year was impacted by additional bonus accrual.
 Should we assume that these costs are better smoothed this year?
 So I'm going to push that one across to Alan.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Chris.
 Thank you, Jonathan.
 Richard
 yes
 that we have
 factored in additional bonus accruals which do occur when we know what the year-end results are
 So they have been factored into our profit range as disclosed in the statement.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thanks, Alan.
 Um,
 Thank you.
 And go question here from Robert Davis again.
 Have you seen any changes in terms of threats from competitors or new market entrants?
 Is it getting any more challenging to protect your IP?
 I think we'll start with Will on that one.
 So, no, it's still fine to protect IP.
 the patterns department here
 our internal
 practice department
 are still very very busy with a backlog of ideas that that need to come through for our new
 inventions so that's
 absolutely still part of the strategy
 and they're still working
 in terms of
 competitors, new market
 entrance, then
 nothing that's
 stands out I think that
 that uh to bring attention to at the moment there
 Okay, thanks, Will.
 question here
 about inventory
 from
 Nishad Subramanian
 Can you talk about the inventory situation in the channel and your customers, maybe end customers?
 thanks
 And again, Will.
 So maybe if I talk through
 inventory
 in general
 so we have been growing inventory work
 in progress as we respond
 to the rising demand.
 we would still like to have
 more particularly
 on such products as our encoders
 to really accelerate the growth
 that we think we can do there.
 So we will be focusing that on the on this half
 In terms of then the inventory of that we see with our customers and end customers
 it feels like everything is still quite hand-to-mouth so with our customers
 getting products to their customers.
 so I don't think there's a large stockpiling
 but look
 we're probably not the experts
 and the right people to ask that, but it doesn't feel that's the situation at the moment.
 Okay, thanks, Will.
 it's not
 the question from Richard Page.
 a number of your peers
 and customers have spoken
 about the impact of component shortages on sales growth.
 To what extent did these impact your first half performance?
 and may impact a second half.
 Will, we're going to start with that one.
 Yes, so component shortages is a major challenge.
 It is something that our manufacturing and product design teams have done a great job to make the most in a really tricky situation.
 So we have had to divert design engineering resource onto making sure that when we run into a component shortage that we can look around and find alternatives for that so that we can keep production going and our customers supported.
 and we have done
 a great job of making sure that is
 happening now clearly that has made us less productive with having to do this work and that
 has impacted
 Um,
 in terms of our engineering spend
 now in terms
 of getting a product out
 and what was the impact
 in our first half
 then we for sure we would
 have shipped more of our order book
 if we could have shipped more product at the moment.
 So it's hard to put it exactly into how much that was due to component shortages,
 because generally we'll find a workaround for that.
 In terms of H2 going forward, then as you'll see, we do have a wider range than usual at this time of year.
 factoring in uncertainty both on our supply chain and also the concern that
 our customers may be even if we can if we supply to them well they may be let
 down by other suppliers
 And therefore, the demand may be softer than that the market is requesting.
 so our sales will be less
 Thanks, Will.
 Another question from Jonathan Hearn.
 can you give us some more
 colour on the assumptions
 made to get to the
 guidance range
 particularly the upper end.
 For example, what visibility do you have?
 What is it assuming for end markets such as automotive and aerospace?
 And also, what cost inflation does it assume?
 we'll start with
 Alan
 well
 So apologies.
 Okay, so let's start with the turnover range here.
 so as i just mentioned we have factored in a little bit more uncertainty
 there than normally at this time of year
 although it is on a higher number
 so what we have in there is uncertainty on timing
 for
 larger orders that may come through
 at the end of the year.
 we have uncertainty that I've talked about
 in terms of demand
 for some of our position measurement line in terms of our ability to supply
 and also our customers' ability to get products from other people
 and also from their own uncertainty from the demand from their customers.
 So we have tried to be a little bit broader this time to reflect that.
 And we will see in a quarter's time how much of those things have come through.
 In terms of specific stuff with automotive and aerospace, that's probably more steady state
 so I don't think
 They are the largest areas of uncertainty that we would have.
 there
 Um,
 In terms of cost inflation, we've talked to some of the parts during the presentation of bringing up where we have increased overheads for the business in terms of things like the heat light and power.
 we've also put in more
 for travel as we're looking forward to getting out and meeting customers both
 at their facilities and also at trade shows
 and we are also going to see the impact of the cost-based increases
 with with the labor costs that we talked about uh in the first half and also uh we are planning
 now to be increasing our particularly our engineering headcount in the second half
 Anything, Alan, you want to add?
 up.
 Yeah, I would just add to that that the costs are being factored into the forecast, as Will just mentioned.
 but also of course
 the
 our margin is such that it has
 a big impact on
 on revenue forecasts.
 So they're factored in into the projections and the forecast going forward.
 Thanks, Alan.
 question
 Mm-hmm.
 Well, Sir David, which I'm sure he's delighted about.
 it's from Mark Davis James
 again
 Could Sir David comment on where he may be focusing in terms of longer-term R&D projects
 and technology development.
 and what is the next big thing he sees on the horizon
 for manufacturing technology?
 well I've been keeping
 out of Will's hair
 and focusing solely on additive manufacturing,
 I mean, the present offerings are very much in small batch size of things,
 but the future is the price per part
 when it comes down
 by the...
 The potential for additive manufacturing is enormous.
 There's no turning to be sharpened.
 but there's a lot of advantages
 and the price per part is coming down really rapidly
 and then I thought it would take off in my view in the future.
 Okay, thanks, David.
 we've had
 Okay, there's another question from Anthony Plom.
 Has there been any progress in the neurology business with regards to winning more partners?
 And a very similar question, actually, from Araceli Strasburger as well.
 Thank you, Araceli, who asks if it is possible to give a bit more granularity around the clinical trials for the health care division.
 any time frames
 so I think we're going to push that one
 as well.
 Yeah, thank you.
 So, look, as I mentioned, the trial we talked about before, unfortunately, although our product worked well, there was an issue with the drug.
 The really good part about this, it showed a framework that we have now in place where a farmer can engage with us, work with us on their drug with our drug delivery technology.
 we have a number
 this is
 less than 10
 of potential farmer accounts that we are discussing and working with.
 none of those are actively going now with an agreed longer-term plan but some
 are coming through and we're doing early stages with them and working well so we really hope this
 is going to be something over the next 12 months we're in a place where really these are starting
 to accelerate.
 right.
 Okay, thanks, Will.
 we've had a
 A couple of questions around the combined shareholding for Sir David and John Deere,
 the company founders, and anything that we can say on that,
 what options are being considered.
 There's a couple of questions there, similar questions.
 So it's from Edward Peter Hoplin.
 Good morning, Edward, and also from Jonathan Hearn.
 I think that one's going to go to Will.
 yes look
 unfortunately
 we're
 try to be a bit more open
 and give a bit more information out today
 on some of the end markets
 and additional information,
 and this is one that we really can't talk about.
 uh all i can say from talking with david and john is they're very much aligned in terms of wanting
 to find the best long-term future for Ravenishaw.
 but unfortunately more than that
 We really can't say today.
 Okay. Well, that's the end of the questions and perfectly the end of the session at Bangalore 11 o'clock.
 so
 So thank you, everyone, for joining.
 as I said earlier
 We will aim to publish a recording of today's presentation and Q&A session on the IR section of our website by tomorrow morning at the latest.
 So just on behalf of Renishul, I'd like to thank you all for attending this event.
 Hopefully it's been of value to all of you that have attended.
 and finally just a reminder
 that you will be able to download a copy of the interim report and copy the financial presentation
 later today from the IR pages of our website.
 So again, thank you for attending and have a good day.
 Bye-bye.
 Oh