 Good afternoon. Welcome to Identives' presentation of its third quarter 2020 earnings call.
 My name is Teran, and I'll be your operator this afternoon.
 Joining us for today's presentation are the companies CEO Steve Humphries and CFO Sondra
 Wallach.
 Follow-
 following management's remarks, we will open the call for questions.
 Before we begin, please note that during this call, management may be making references
 to non-gap measures or projections, including adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow.
 In addition, during the call,
 management will be making forward-looking statements.
 Any statement that refers to expectations,
 projections or other characteristics of future events, including financial projections and
 future market conditions is a forward-looking statement.
 actual results may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements.
 For more information, please refer to the risk factors discussed in documents filed
 from time to time with the SEC, including the company's latest annual report on Form
 Identity.
 Identity assumes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, which speak as
 up today.
 I will now turn the call over to CEO Steve Humphries for his comments.
 Sir, please proceed.
 Thanks, operator, and thank you all for joining us today.
 In our preliminary results, we said we expected to beat the aggressive growth projections we outlined on our second quarter call,
 including 80% growth in RFID for the full year,
 20% sequential growth in physical security in Q2 to Q3.
 and federal sales up 80 percent sequentially.
 with our finalized financial results.
 we're confirming that we beat each of those expectations.
 This shows both the strong industry trends driving our business and our leadership within the industry.
 Overall, revenues grew 30% sequentially to $24.9 million, showing strength across the business.
 We projected our premises business, which is about two-thirds federal, to grow 20 percent sequentially.
 We actually were 26% sequentially in premises.
 Our R&P business grew more than 50% sequentially and over 100% year-over-year is on track for 80% full-year growth.
 and our federal revenues grew nearly 90% sequentially.
 This has us lined up for a strong fourth quarter.
 and the second half of the year,
 that it'll be more than 30% higher than our first half.
 We're seeing business momentum continuing.
 Backlog building, and the pipeline for 2021 becoming stronger.
 But before we talk too much about the future, let's review the operational and financial
 results in the third quarter.
 Now our key focus areas of RFID and our federal business were particularly strong.
 within our identity business, which is predominantly RFID,
 revenue increased sequentially by 33% to 15.4 million.
 And year-over-year, identity in total grew 53% from $10.1 million in Q3 2019 to $15.4 million in Q3 2020.
 The growth was mainly driven by RFID, of course, where we ramped up production volumes for a number of customers.
 In particular, a major customer whose production started in Q2 came through in Q3 even stronger
 than we expected.
 As a result, our RFID business more than doubled the volume we produced a year ago.
 Even with our ramp up, there was nearly a million dollars shipments we didn't fulfill.
 balance customer requirements to make sure that most critical deliveries were covered.
 Now the business implication is that the industry launches we expected are well underway.
 The mass market adoption of RFID-integrated products is happening.
 Our major customers...
 are incorporated RFID devices into health care products, mobility, consumer products,
 libraries, pharmaceuticals, and app enabling the physical world.
 The point is that each of these are 100 million or billion plus unit applications.
 It's a huge market that's just beginning to grow.
 The overall trend clearly showed in our third quarter results,
 as well as in the continuing back walk strength
 where he went into the fourth quarter with backlog
 of fourth quarter shipments up 68% over last year.
 that will talk about the implications going forward
 of all these trends later on the call.
 Also, it's an identity in the third quarter.
 our identity readers grew strongly.
 up 38% over last year's third quarter.
 that we all expected to work from home trend to plateau
 after the initial lockdowns in the spring.
 but this really shows that demand is continuing.
 The third quarter is always strong for SmartGuard readers because of the federal year end.
 So the growth comes over in normally strong year prior period.
 The reason is that the federal government, and especially the DOD, are adopting policies
 supporting...
 work from home and work mobile for the long term.
 So we do expect these trends to sustain.
 We'll talk more about them as we look at 2021.
 So turning to our premises business in Q3, this shows the strength of our full product
 as well as of our federal government focus.
 As I mentioned before, premises grew 26% sequentially.
 The federal business for our Velocity security platform was the strongest vertical growing 90% sequentially.
 but we also saw activity in banking, retail, utilities, and others.
 For example, in financial services, we quoted our first large 3-VR crime-managed video
 which is now closed.
 Leading banks adopting our platform across almost 100 branches.
 The six years $650,000 agreement provides video surveillance, analytics, and case management
 on a subscription basis, saving tens of thousands of dollars
 and capital expense for our customer,
 and assuring a predictable revenue stream
 of over $100,000 annually for our business.
 Now, to be clear, we've had continuing strong business progress, but in our industry, some
 of small dealers and small businesses are under pressure,
 as are our competitors who focus there.
 Now, since federal, state, and local government customers
 are more than two-thirds of the business
 for our physical access platforms.
 We're seeing strong performance and premises.
 and our quick pivot to recurring revenues
 with lower cost of entry.
 put us in a strong position overall.
 These include our Velocity Serious Product, Mobile SID, 3DR Prime, our Freedom Cloud and Freedom Mobile, which we just launched this week.
 All of these are recurring revenue products, all launched in the last 12 months.
 Now, as we talked about in the second quarter, the broad adoption of RFID and our major
 customers' core products is what really gives us reason to believe this growth is a long
 a long-term trend that we're just starting to see take off.
 backlog for the fourth quarter and for 2021. So overall the third
 was highlighted by 30 percent sequential revenue growth.
 Over 100% year-over-year are HE growth.
 and 90 percent sequential growth in federal sales,
 38% year-over-year identity reader growth, and Q4 backlog up 68% for last year.
 There are certainly challenges in the economic environment we're all in, but the strong
 sectoral growth we're experiencing RFID, our strength and federal work from home going
 you do a second wave of demand.
 the products we've launched in the third quarter.
 to take advantage of return-to-work needs
 that built the base for a strong fourth quarter in 2021.
 So let me turn it over to Sandra to go through the third quarter financial results.
 Afterwards, I'll go into more metrics and the industry-wide trends that are really accelerating
 our business into the fourth quarter and into 2021.
 Go.
 As Steve mentioned, our results show the continued delivery
 of what we committed with a solid trajectory for 2021.
 Please note that these results are all within the preliminary results announced October 29th prior to market open.
 The first metric is revenue growth,
 even with the continued impact of COVID-19.
 We closed out the third quarter of 2020 with $24.9 million in total revenue,
 up 30% compared to the second quarter of 2020,
 and up 8% compared to the third quarter of 2019.
 Our recurring revenue accounted for six percent of our third quarter revenue and eight percent
 of our total revenue in the first nine months of 2020.
 This part of our business remains steady
 at 8% of our total trailing 12-month revenue.
 for the third quarter of 2020.
 gap and non-gap adjusted gross profit margins were 40 and 41 percent respectively for the
 The trailing 12-month period, our non-gap adjusted gross profit margin was 42 percent.
 For the third quarter 2020, our non-gap adjusted EVA.margin was positive 11 percent, with a
 positive 4% for the trailing 12-month period.
 Our gap net income for the third quarter, 2020, was 0.4 million, compared with a loss
 of $2.7 million in Q2 2020 and that income of $1.1 million in Q3 2019.
 With the dividends on the series be preferred our gap net income attributable to stockholders
 for $0.1 million or net income of $0.1 per share compared with a loss of $0.17 per share
 in Q2 2020 and positive five cents per share in Q3 of 2019.
 We have provided in the appendix a full box affiliation of GAP
 to non-gap information, which is also included in our earnings release.
 on our next slide for further analyzing trans by segment.
 Our premises segment, which includes sales of physical access control and video products.
 video products and services accounted for 9.4 million or 38% of our total revenue in Q3.
 representing an increase in dollars of 26% from Q2 2020,
 and a decrease of 27% from Q3 2019.
 revenue from our identity products, which includes sales of access credentials, smart
 card readers, RFID transponders, and mobile security products totaled $15.4 million, or
 62% of our total revenue in Q3 2020, an increase of dollars of 33% from Q2 2020, and an increase
 at 53% from Q3 2019.
 Our non-GAP gross profit was 41% in the third quarter of 2020.
 This compares with 42% in Q2 2020.
 and 47% in Q3 2019.
 driven by both the mix of products across segments
 and within segments.
 Our premises segment margins were 55%.
 relatively flat compared to Q2, 2020,
 and Q3 2019 at 55% and 56% respectively.
 Our identity segment margin is for 30%.
 relatively flat compared to Q2, 2020 at 31% and lower than Q3, 2019 at 33% due to a higher
 proportion of lower-margin transponder cells.
 Now moving to our operating expense management.
 our GAP operating expenses for the third quarter
 were 8.9 million, which was down from 10 million in Q2 2020,
 and down year-over-year from 9.3 million in Q3 2019.
 The sequential decrease was primarily due to the non-recurring 1.2 million restructuring
 steps in Q2 2020.
 non-gap operating expenses as a percentage of revenue decreased to 30 percent in the third
 quarter of 2020 compared with 40% in the second quarter of 2020 and 34% in the third quarter
 of 2019.
 Our non-GaF operating expenses totaled $7.5 million in the third quarter of 2020.
 This compares to 7.6 million in Q2 2020 and 7.9 million in Q3 of 2019.
 Bringing all the pieces back together are non-gap-adjusted EBITDA with $2.8 million in the third quarter of 2020.
 a sequential increase of $2.3 million over Q2 2020.
 Turning to the balance sheet, we'll be comparing our position
 It's September 2020.
 to the position one quarter ago, June 2020,
 and the prior year quarter ended September 2019.
 We exited the third quarter with cash at $12.3 million.
 a net decrease of 0.8 million from Q2 2020
 and a 1.2 million increase from Q3 2019.
 Net cash activity for the quarter was driven
 by $2.2 million of cash provided by our net income excluding non-cash items, $3.6 million
 of cash used for working capital and CAPEX, driven primarily by late Q3 buildings that
 that were not collectible within the quarter,
 and by an increase in working capital
 to support our Singapore growth.
 under financing and foreign currency.
 We had a 0.6 million net cash provided,
 driven by a 0.9 million increase in net borrowings
 under our revolver and a 0.5 million reduction
 through scheduled payments on the term loan facility.
 We believe that we have adequate capital available
 to fund our business growth, and return to positive non-gap
 cash flow exiting Q4 2020, as well as retiring the term and note debt on schedule in Q1 2021.
 In our 10Q filings, we will be providing a full reconciliation of the year-to-date cash flows.
 For completeness, we have included the full balance sheet for the earnings release and the appendix.
 Even with the global disruption continuing, today we are confirming our guidance for the
 consolidated results of the company for full year 2020 at revenue between 86 and 88 million
 within our original guidance entering this year.
 We achieved GAP EPS profitability in Q3 2020 ahead of expectations and continues to see
 the benefits of our actions to optimize costs to carry forward.
 In addition, we believe we will be non-gap pre-cash flow positive as committed during
 Q4 2020 and beyond.
 In addition, today we're providing guidance for the full year 2021,
 2021, building on the strong base of growth that we have delivered.
 Our full year 2021 guidance is for revenue between $96 million and $102 million, which
 Reflex growth year-over-year from the midpoint of our 2020 guidance, exceeding the market
 growth by a factor of two.
 We expect our normal seasonality to continue with our lowest quarter in Q1 2021 and building
 up quarter over quarter through the end of 2021.
 We will be issuing a full set of guidance at RQ4 in full year 2020, earnings released
 targeted for March 2021.
 With that, I will conclude the financial discussion
 and pass it back to Steve.
 Thanks, Andrew.
 As I said earlier, our RFID growth is predictable for two reasons.
 It's heavily back blood driven and it's driven by major companies who've incorporated our
 RFID devices into their products.
 Planning for global products is a year-long process, so even now we're getting visibility into plans throughout 2021.
 First backlog, joining the fourth quarter, our total backlog stood at 10.5 million,
 up 68% for last year.
 And our RFID backlog for shipment in the fourth quarter is up 125 percent over the last year.
 We've now gotten in orders for about 95% of our expected shipments for the quarter in RFID.
 And that means most additional orders either contribute to upside within the quarter or
 drive more backlogs for 2021. This is a key driver of our growth for 2021, and we expect
 the RFID portion of our business to grow well over 50%
 in the first half of 2021 versus the first half of 2020.
 with full year growth in the mid-20% range for 2021.
 Now the core driver of our RFID business is the mass market adoption of RFID integrated
 products.
 Our customers are
 in the
 in their own industries, incorporating RFID devices
 into their products.
 each with volumes of tens or hundreds of millions of units.
 So this is a huge market that's just beginning to grow.
 In the third quarter, two strong use cases were launched in the market, one by CVS and
 and the other, of course, by apple.
 Now, we don't generally disclose customers.
 So these are just industry examples to be clear.
 but both are great examples of the RFID market accelerating.
 They're both basic uses that establish platforms.
 and then drive multiple products from already big first launches.
 So the first, some of you saw in the demo session,
 We had a couple of weeks back.
 CPS has spoken our acts for visually impaired people.
 You tap your phone to the RFID tag on the prescription bottle
 and it reads out the medication with dosage
 and all the other information
 for people who can't read the label.
 Now, about 13% of prescriptions go to people with some visual impairment, and they're about
 about four and a half billion prescriptions annually.
 So in the U.S. alone, that's over half a billion R.
 by DTAG every year just for the visually impaired sector.
 Now that's the current use case and the first use case, so now extrapolate.
 With the platform deployed, every CVS pharmacy now is set up to program and put RFID tags
 on every prescription, and that's really where they should be on everyone, so when you open
 in your prescription bottle, you tap each time you take it.
 You'll know if you've taken it morning or evening
 or whatever the prescription regimen is.
 It'll auto refill as you get loaded.
 all kinds of capabilities you can do there.
 You can even opt in and your doctor could get information about how consistently you're
 taking your meds because anyone who studies this area knows that it's the biggest issue
 with the prescription pharmaceuticals is people complying with taking their meds.
 So there's a number of things that companies like CVS are thinking about now that they've made that initial investment
 they can really expand into other categories.
 So ultimately, we think the opportunity is for all four and a half billion of the prescriptions in the U.S. annually.
 The U.S. is about a quarter of the world prescription, so again, you can see to the visually impaired application
 that's a couple of billion units worldwide, and nearly 20 billion units for all prescriptions worldwide.
 Now, of course, it's going to take time, but you can see the volume of potential.
 Again, the investment's really now done.
 And, of course, the reader and the app technology
 is already in everybody's pockets in their phones.
 Now, related to mobile space in the phones,
 The biggest event, of course, was Apple's launch
 full NFC support in iOS 14 and the iPhone 12, and especially the new ecosystem of products
 around Bank State.
 Apple's made it very easy and secure to connect peripherals to the iPhone, and then through
 or NFC to connect them into core iPhone features.
 So just as a couple of examples, the first Apple-branded case is, for example, we buy
 By an orange case, you pop it on your phone, but the screen turns orange, it goes through
 an animation.
 You don't...
 you've connected it and you know it's an Apple purified phone.
 It seems pretty trivial.
 But what it's showing is the peripherals are actually
 communicating securely with the phone, launching processes in the phone, and all secured and
 controlled by Apple through secure NFC links.
 And this enables the whole world of new peripherals to connect to the phone and seamlessly that
 securely.
 and experiences.
 So this is really the vision for this type of connected device that Apple's deploying.
 with over 200 million iPhones just a year,
 connecting multiple MagSafe-enabled devices each.
 Again, you can see the market in the billion unit plus range annually.
 Additionally, of course, where Apple and CVS go, Samsung, Walgreens, Amazon Pharmacy and
 but others have to match.
 So you can see the scale of the markets we're going after and the volumes that already are happening.
 of gaining traction right now.
 We've been the trusted co-developer and supplier for some of the most advanced applications
 and the most demanding companies.
 This is where the growth is and it's where our competitive advantage is strongest.
 So how are we going to keep our advantage?
 We're expanding our technical capabilities, and for 2021, we're launching services to
 to help companies put RFID into their products.
 Now, we're unique in our ability to go from concepts
 to optimize design, to early production,
 to scaling production and then to immediately start back into the next generation of devices
 and that's exactly the cycle that the customer needs.
 We're also innovating with new products, answering needs we know from our own customers.
 An example is the new product we've launched, what we think is the industry's lowest carbon
 footprint RFID tag or ECO tag. Instead of being an etched antenna on a plastic
 substrate. We developed a unique laser cutting process and it's on recyclable
 paper substrates. We even use recited aluminum for the antenna. So there's no etching,
 chemicals, no lost metals, no plastic layers, no chemical runoff.
 Why do we do all this?
 Well, the biggest users of high-end RFID are consumer-facing companies and
 and sustainability matters to them.
 Companies like Amazon and Apple have made public commitments to being carbon neutral.
 And ARPID tags are consumer-visible devices, so our eco tag shows their eco commitment
 and eliminates what otherwise would be a negative
 on their carbon footprint.
 Now, our customers told us this is what they want.
 It's very tricky technology, but we developed it.
 And fundamentally, this is exactly why we're going to keep our lead in the fast-growing
 R by D market.
 So that's RFID.
 Now let's look at premises, which has some similarly exciting opportunities.
 And remember, the core technology in our RFID tag
 shared with our access cards, door readers, identity readers, and other parts of our
 on data security solutions.
 So, one gross driver really supports the other.
 So, with the premises industry overall going about 6%, we grew 26% sequentially, and we're
 expecting premises to grow about 25% year over year this quarter.
 For 2021, we expect growth in the mid-teens more than double the industry rate.
 Now, the fundamental drivers are recurring revenue growth, the shift to IT driven buyers, and federal growth.
 So why would we be growing faster than the market in these dynamics?
 Just like an RFID, we're both a trusted provider and we've got some of the most advanced technology and broadest product range.
 as customers move to software-defined platforms.
 They need to migrate their entire platform across readers, credentials, controllers,
 access video and audio.
 and it's all going to be integrated with their Active Directory
 or other sensitive data repositories.
 Now, we're the only company that delivers all of this.
 And we think total solutions and IT-centric recurring revenue
 platforms will be the fastest growth sector in physical security and the strategic position
 of combined access, video, and audio management
 is the key for anyone trying to win.
 A great example of this is our Freedom Cloud platform,
 that we just launched this week.
 It's the lightest weight implementation in the industry.
 totally web and mobile-based.
 And especially on the hardware side,
 our freedom bridges are extremely compact and cost-effective.
 by your key devices.
 The bridge that can control two doors is the size of a pack of playing cards.
 This is what customers are looking for.
 hard to be noticeable, really intuitive to deploy and manage, and a platform that the
 the IT department is totally comfortable owning and managing.
 software.
 and the hardware is managed just like a network switch.
 So we've described the growth in each segment.
 So to put it together, in the fourth quarter, we're expecting overall revenues to grow in the 25% to 30% year-up-a-year range.
 We're looking at the business drivers for next year.
 We have RFID use cases that each can be hundreds of millions of units over time.
 give us clear line of sight into 2021.
 There's strong federal government demand for our physical security, identity readers, and mobility apps.
 And our complete range recurring revenue product is now in place.
 Now, with all these growth drivers, we could see faster growth in any given quarter.
 But to keep our predictability, we've given a strong phase growth outlook, and we'll
 updates as we get further into the market's takeoff.
 The 2020 has been a challenging year, but we're in markets that are taking off and we've
 been
 able to strengthen our leadership even at their
 accelerates.
 The result is we're looking forward
 to a strong finish to the year.
 and an exciting 2021.
 So with that, let me open the discussion to questions.
 Operator?
 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, we will now take questions.
 If you do have a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad at this time.
 If you're using a speakerphone, we ask that while posing your question, you pick up your
 hand set to provide the best sound quality.
 Again, ladies and gentlemen, if you do have a question or comments, please press star
 a one on your telephone keypad at this time.
 We'll take our first question from Jason Smith
 with Lake Street Capital Market.
 Please go ahead.
 Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions.
 Steve, I appreciate all the color and sort of why you're feeling so confident in 2021,
 I'm curious if you could talk about the backlog coverage to 2021, and if some of this comes
 up.
 is really just driven by some sizable orders already in hand,
 hand or if it's just general confidence, especially on the RFID side that you are just seeing
 scoring to see this big general adoption.
 Yeah, thanks for the question, Jason.
 And yes, backlog has been growing nicely.
 I think we earlier indicated that at the time it was up,
 We just doubled from what it had been just a couple of months earlier.
 And I mentioned that we've already got over 95% of our Q4 shipments already covered in
 and backlog, so all the orders coming in are 2021 orders.
 we actually have orders that go throughout all of 2021.
 So we've got disability both front-ended, you know,
 as I said, to be expected the first half of the year.
 already to be 50% growth over the year prior.
 And obviously, we wouldn't be saying that clear numbers.
 we didn't have a fair amount of visibility in it.
 And that's really driven by our backlog.
 Okay, that's helpful and in your preparatory remarks you noted about a million dollars in business
 not being able to shift in Q3.
 Could you just comment on what sort of constraints you're seeing there and if those constraints
 heavies now in Q4?
 Yeah, also thanks for picking up on that one.
 Yes, as I mentioned, in the second quarter call,
 we've been expanding our capacity rapidly.
 but when you look at doubling your capacity,
 and then we talked about in Q4,
 We've got a backlog day, 125% of the year prior,
 That's indicating, you know, more than double worry
 over a year ago.
 We're building out space and we're putting in more equipment.
 and some of the devices that we're producing
 are particularly complicated at the high end,
 which is great for us because it's more differentiated,
 but they take more machine capacity
 because there's multiple process with multiple passes
 versus some of the more straightforward products.
 And those of you who are watching this video,
 and more complicated products often go to the more sensitive and high-end customers.
 So we always want to favor those, and so we did have some that we couldn't ship.
 we're catching up in this quarter, and we'll have the capacity built out by the end of
 this quarter.
 We talked about building capacity.
 You're talking, you know, $150,000 in facilities to build out and a few hundred thousand dollars
 in equipment.
 a major capital absorption.
 We have been catching up to the third quarter and we'll be all caught up in a good shape going into 2021.
 Okay, and then just the last one and I'll jump back into Q.
 I mean, obviously, the school and education market could be a little challenging with
 budgetary pressures and whatnot.
 but just curious if you could comment
 of what your expectations in that market are going forward.
 If it is choppy, as you say, but it's also, you know, highly motivated for security,
 You know, we put out a white paper on remote school in cybersecurity, for example, with
 our...
 or fighter keys that we just launched.
 you know, one of the dirty secrets that a lot of people haven't, you know, focused on is
 We've taken all the kids in our country and put them online to go to school, and if anyone
 Everyone thinks that we've actually properly secured their data pipes for their learning.
 and they're being a little optimistic.
 And so there's opportunities there, for example, to cyber secure more of the distance learning
 environment and there's also, as we go back to school, physical security is as important
 as ever, and especially physical security infrastructure is now being integrated with
 health and safety infrastructure.
 so there's opportunities there.
 We're seeing a lot of interesting bids.
 but also, you know, schools are in financial, you know,
 challenges and so some of them are going ahead fast and some of them are really frankly hunkered down so I
 I don't know on a month-by-month basis how it's going to emerge, but from a market opportunity,
 you know, over the course of the next year,
 I actually think schools and universities are going to be a very good segment for us,
 on the cybersecurity side and on the health and safety
 a pre-disabled spirit aside.
 Okay, that's really helpful.
 Thanks a lot.
 As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen,
 If you do have a question or comment, please press Jar 1 on your telephone keypad at this
 time.
 We'll take our next question from Mike Latimore with Northland Capital Market.
 Please go ahead.
 Great. Thanks a lot. Yeah, great quarter there. Steve, I couldn't tell, did you give some guidance on what you thought premises would grow in the fourth quarter?
 I couldn't tell if he said that or not.
 Bye!
 Typically for premises in the fourth quarter, I don't know that we've got to go back and
 and look at that.
 I'm going to give it,
 No, we did.
 We did.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm looking at my notes here.
 So we set up a 25% year over the year for the post-border.
 So that's like up sequentially.
 And is that driven by non-government or is that government driving that sequential pattern then?
 Yeah, good question. It's across the board.
 and displace government and non-government.
 on the growth.
 As I think about underneath the numbers,
 It's probably more commercial than government
 in terms of increases sequentially.
 Okay. Okay. Very good.
 We have seen a rebound in activity on the premises side.
 You know, you can only defer these things so long and now a lot of the installers are
 getting out there, getting back in line.
 and also customers, you know, things like videos, systems,
 where Microsoft stops supporting Windows 7 or something,
 They have to do something.
 So there's a built-in migration and growth pattern
 that we're starting to see come back.
 Yeah, yeah, I got it.
 And then on the identity, it just seems like a ton of opportunity there.
 I guess, how diverse do you see that revenue stream being in terms of, you know, customer
 based over the next year, is it going to be, you know, very diverse or is it going to be
 be a couple, a customer's really driving the growth.
 Are you asking primarily about RFID and identity?
 Yes.
 Okay.
 So actually, I think it's going to be quite diverse.
 certainly when some of these global corporations, you know, launched their numbers of big, but
 But there's several of them that are either already launching or in pilot and building
 in the launch for 2021.
 And you might notice we didn't have any 10% concentration
 customers, you know, disclosed.
 So it's certainly some gorillas, but a range of them.
 And then the other interesting thing is a range of applications that are not just in
 in one vertical either.
 There's several different use cases that are getting momentum.
 Yes, and then you have a number of cloud operands now
 You know, I'm sure you're going to be promoting that even more aggressively next year.
 I mean, what would be, you know, when you book a clock, it doesn't always show up within
 in a quarter of a year, obviously, but like,
 So what would be sort of a good amount of cloud booking
 for next year if you're successful?
 Is it, you know, $1 million?
 Is it $5 million?
 Like what would be a successful cloud looking at here?
 I think we're just learning what the profile looks like,
 But I think, you know, the six years, $650,000 years.
 All right.
 Thanks.
 that we did is on the high end, but it's characteristic of how this thing works.
 So if you mean how much will be recognized within the year, you know, probably, you know,
 a couple of million dollars incremental to the 60% were already asked, but that would
 and represent, of course, five to six times that much
 in terms of, you know, book business.
 Yeah, I guess that's more what I was referring to.
 Okay, great.
 Okay.
 Good.
 Thank you for your time.
 At this time, this concludes our company's question and answer session.
 If your question was not taken, you may contact Identity and Devestre Relations Team at I
 N-
 I'd now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Humphries for his closing remarks.
 All right and an operator just want to confirm we don't have any other questions in there. That's right
 No further questions in the queue at this time.
 Terrific.
 All right, thank you very much.
 Thank you all for joining us.
 Very much.
 Also, please join us at some of the virtual investor events coming up this quarter.
 We've got Imperial Capital the first week in December.
 and Northland the week after that.
 So I look forward to continuing to update you on the business.
 And until then, best wishes, be well, be safe,
 and have a good evening.
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference.
 We thank you again for your participation.
 You may disconnect your lines at this time.
 Have a great...