 Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to give you a warm welcome at the conference on the
 financial results of both the group and the company, Polska Mićka GFMS, for the first
 half of 2021.
 We meet together mainly through video broadcast, but I would also like to welcome all those
 who came in person to the Walls of Stock Exchange
 will start traditionally with
 Management Board's comments
 on the results for the first half of the year
 and then we will move on to the Q&A session.
 Now we will answer questions asked both here in the room and the ones that you send by a chat
 ir.kghm.com. If there are any questions that we won't be able to answer today or questions that
 will require more detailed
 answers, we will
 answer them in a more
 detailed manner on our website and you will be able to find
 all the answers there
 The results of KGHM in the first half of the year
 will be presented by the Management Board
 in this almost full composition
 and Martin Hludziński, President of the Management Board,
 Adam Bugajczuk, Vice President for Development.
 Paweł Gruza, Vice President for
 Foreign Assets
 And Andrzej Kensbok, Vice President for Financial Matters.
 We do not have here Dariusz Szwiderski, but we will also address production matters and
 the ones related to national domestic
 operations.
 Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to give the floor to President Marcin Krudziński.
 Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to welcome you on this still summertime afternoon.
 We have already passed 12.
 we have a few pieces of good news
 about the operations of the company
 in the first half of 2021.
 I think that the figures of today's meeting are 132 and 433.
 why these numbers 100% higher year-on-year adjusted EBITDA, 30% higher revenues, 433%
 higher net profit
 if we make reference
 to the first half of
 2020
 plus what we experience
 in macroeconomic space
 and the recurring comment is that copper prices were favorable to us I cannot
 deny that for the first time in quite a while
 Actually, this is the first year when we have tailwind rather than have to struggle against the wind.
 The prices in the first half of the year were very difficult.
 Even other prices below 5,000 per tonne 2018 and 2019 were not very favourable to us either.
 but copper prices is not the only or not the main reason
 why we can share those good numbers with you today.
 we implemented a number
 of optimization
 initiatives, and we can see the results.
 In the context of Sierra Gorda comes another good number.
 And I think that's very relevant here.
 This is the first year where money is flowing not from Poland to Chile, but from Chile to Poland.
 We are facing a situation where about 500 million came back from Sierra Gorda to Poland.
 and that's not the end of it
 The next amounts are planned for this year, so we will not end with this number.
 if good production parameters continue
 of good financial parameters continue that should become reality of course this happened much later
 than we had planned it would
 when we started this
 investment but three years of
 very intense work of the management board
 and people who are responsible
 for Sierra Gorda, both Polish people
 and Chileans
 there and in the headquarters of the company brought fruit in spite of lower prices we were
 able to show you much better financial results, improvement on EBITDA,
 improvement on production volumes and the battle for this project in terms of cost,
 terms of full utilization of production capacity all that is bringing results
 the price does support us
 But even without this favorable price, we could see the positive impact on our financial
 results.
 Maybe that will sound like an anecdote, but there are quite a few examples like this
 where several dozen cars, more vehicles, more that carry output to the mill, give us specific
 measure
 measurable results because that
 at the end of the day means
 more copper
 that was just
 one of the many
 optimisation initiatives
 And again, this is not the end of our initiatives in this regard.
 most importantly this is happening without any new
 major new capital expenditures
 we basically
 only optimize what we had
 previously and we try to
 create value
 based on what we have already invested and we're trying to increase the value of our assets to
 improve the financial result by the way we are trying to do exactly the same
 thing in Poland in terms of cost, in terms of maintenance of our production.
 We all know perfectly well that GRADE is so much better than it is, and we all know perfectly
 well that grade is not favorable as time goes on, the content of copper is decreasing and
 Sierra
 operates in a
 in cycles, occasionally
 we encounter greater contents
 And in mining industry worldwide, that's one of the deposits with lower content in the ore.
 So that's not a project that brings those results on its own.
 we have to combat to get them.
 So we are happy we are getting those results.
 We're also happy that for the first time in a long time, macroeconomic conditions support us.
 They are uncertain and we also have to admit openly that there is an ongoing battle in
 the market in terms of price. Sometimes we can see declining prices and then the right
 intense efforts to push it up
 this is something we are monitoring closely
 we are prepared for a number of various
 options also as
 past year
 showed we are ready for crisis scenarios and in spite of those crisis conditions we are able to
 show good financial results. As regards specific financials, these will be presented by individual
 members of the management board now i would like to uh give the floor to andrey kensbock
 who will tell us about production figures, but also financial data.
 down
 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
 I would also like to give a warm welcome to everyone present here via our broadcast.
 Ladies and gentlemen, as we got production results, metals show an increase of paid copper 8.6% up six months to six months.
 We can say that this growth is recorded in all segments in Poland.
 KJGM International that is mainly Robinson and Sierra Gorda as regards the
 production of our two other products
 that is silver
 it is slightly lower than last year and that results from the fact that we
 particularly in Poland, we process more foreign concentrates
 with a slightly different type
 from the one that we processed last year therefore with a higher content of copper
 but not necessarily with a higher content of silver
 some availability of silver
 and third-party concentrate is slightly lower as we got north american mines we are getting through
 through areas that contain slightly less precious metal steppie ends.
 We should also say a few words about the results of Polskami HSA as the main holding
 company in the group. Here I would like to bring your attention to the maintenance of
 the level of mining output
 This is important because we know that the mining conditions are deteriorating.
 we operate in increasingly difficult geological conditions getting deeper and deeper on a more
 extensive
 area of the mine, but the output level was maintained
 and even slightly exceeded from the first half of 2020.
 So the initiatives that were linked to making the deposit available, extraction work, the functioning of the entire mining complex, transportation, processing, and so on and so forth, all that functions smoothly.
 and we are able to cope with the situation production of electronic copper increased
 and that increase
 stemmed from
 greater processing
 of third party input
 scrap and third-party input, we are also expanding the range of third-party input,
 trying to adjust the capacity of our smelters to greater opportunities of choosing and optimizing
 the purchases of third-party input.
 On the other hand, our smelters also adjust the technology to be able to process those increased quantities.
 we are preparing for that by building storage centers
 warehousing centres
 and all the supporting logistics to transport third-party input.
 And that is becoming a significant element of our production.
 But it helps us because it gives us an opportunity to fully utilize the capacity for smelting and for raffination in our smelters to push up our volumes.
 a decrease in
 the electrolytic
 copper production from our own
 and put results only from a year-on-year comparison.
 In the middle of last year, we were still processing the remains of the surplus that we had accumulated before.
 and at the beginning of 2020 we still processed that previous surplus hence we had slightly higher
 processing of our own input now we are running on an ongoing basis that is
 whatever is extracted is then subsequently processed as for production
 results in Sierra Gorda. I will give the floor to my colleague. Thank you, Andrzej. Ladies
 gentlemen are the results on our foreign
 assets in particular Sierra Gorda
 Robinson are very good you can see here those numbers that we are very proud of
 this is the effect of both good management of the mine and of processing
 plans in Sierra Gorda, but
 also it results from
 our good relations with trade
 unions, we managed to
 sign the agreement at the very early stage and that allowed us to work in
 calm conditions in spite of the turbulent moment that Chile is going
 through right now, Chile and the mining companies operating under the jurisdiction.
 I would also like to mention the financial results and add a few words to what the President
 said regarding
 uh repatriation of cash from chile to poland uh last year
 we managed to maintain
 financial
 supplies from Poland and this year thanks to good production thanks to the
 fact that the first time we are being supported in the term of office of this management board we
 are being supported by the macroeconomic situation, we can see the possibility of reversing this
 financial vector
 which now points
 back towards Poland.
 And we are very happy about that.
 And thanks to cost savings, which we were able to implement, the price went down to
 very low levels below 5,000 per tonne we were able in Sierra Gorda in our foreign
 assets implement those savings and thanks to our discipline other savings
 continue also this year as a result this year we generate a financial surplus which is then brought
 back to Poland
 With regard to KJHM International
 we can boast
 excellent production results
 of Robinson
 which is also working on the extension of its LOM planned life of the mine
 And that generates the value of assets on our books.
 Thank you
 Wracając do wyników finansowych.
 So speaking of our financial performance, let me start with the revenue.
 The revenue of the capital group was up 32% on a year-to-year basis, and it is important
 to say that we have
 seen that growth
 across all the segments of our
 business.
 The main driving factor was the price increase for all the metals that we sell.
 the exchange rate
 of zloty against US dollar was working against us
 Zloty depreciated against
 the U.S. dollar that has a negative
 impact on our financial
 performance, so we have actually experienced some adverse effect of
 exchange rate the volume was down by 388 million and this is due to the
 logistics of sales so first we have to accumulate goods before we sell different
 batches that happens in the U.S. and in Poland for silver.
 So this is a temporary arrangement.
 we simply have to stock up
 we had to stock up some products
 before the 30th of June
 when we were closing the books
 for the quarter
 The negative result on our derivatives is the outcome of our hedging transactions.
 we adjusted the hedgings
 during the first six months of the year
 as much as we could
 on the market
 but our historical
 hedging transactions that were defending our position during the all-time lows for the copper
 continue to affect us
 but the snaggarev
 effect
 is
 generously
 offset by the
 revenue increase and also another factor that I'm going to address in a second.
 Now, let me turn to the cost. C1 unit cost, which is the cash cost of production of payable copper.
 We can tell that it went up from $1.6 to $1.89 per pound, but there's a number of factors that contributed to that.
 First of all, C1 cost was actually going down in Poland,
 So unit cost in Poland, in Polish production, was going down.
 At Cyra Gorda, we also had C1 unit cost falling.
 In Poland, the main thing is the increase of price of silver.
 in Syracorda, the main
 driving force was
 increased in the production volume
 However, the negative effect is the increased MED tax, so-called copper tax.
 it is included in C1
 cost and it is calculated
 based on the price of the copper and the volume that was produced since the
 volume is stable that but the price was up substantially the tax was also much
 higher and that affected our C1 cost position. Now the operating result, so as the CEO said,
 we've seen
 the increase in adjusted EBITDA by 100% on a year-to-year basis and again let me
 to emphasize that we've seen that growth across all the segments
 Poland in North America and in Sierra Gorda we've also had EBITDA going up in
 And the smaller companies of the group like ZANAM, PBK, etc., they are doing quite well.
 they are not growing at such a dynamic rate
 but nevertheless because of that growth they were able to keep their balances in check
 and they were able to keep the financial arrangements to their benefit.
 Obviously, this is all driven by increased revenue.
 revenue.
 But I may say that contributors to the EBITDA growth
 to some extent
 are also related
 to the fact that we are able to
 keep the production stable
 in terms of the cost, whatever it's possible.
 I will address the cost at the greater length later,
 but as a result of these measures, our operating margin was up twofold, nearly.
 Now
 The net income, the net result of the capital group was up to $4,723,000,000.
 The main driving factor was, again, increased revenue.
 Thank you.
 The change in the cost by type is related to the fact that we need to buy more third-party ore
 because we have to increase our volume.
 Therefore, production in progress and products contributed positively to that.
 and therefore, we have seen the growth.
 The helper enabled us to come up with the re-evaluation of the loans that were granted to Sierra Gorda
 And that revaluation showed that the value of loans were up by $1,866,000,000.
 So this is our consolidated profit.
 it. When you look at the stand-alone
 results we show even higher number there and in that result we had to include the
 reversal of
 the previous write-offs of
 loans that were granted to
 other entities that were involved
 with Sierra Gorda, they were
 not included in Sierra Gorda
 consolidated statements
 But overall, this is the same outcome.
 So we have better operational results of Sierra Gorda.
 we have more predictable revenue
 and profit and overall the macroeconomic
 environment is
 much more conducive to our business.
 Now, speaking of costs, the main driver for costs is much greater acquisition of third-party ore.
 But when it comes to the cost by type, we are tracking them very closely
 and there are third-party services and raw materials consumption
 electricity and
 and other energy consumption, this is under control
 There are some other price factors that are beyond our control,
 much higher prices
 of diesel fuel and the natural gas
 and in addition to that, the higher prices of ETS allowances.
 We are hedging these positions, but this hedging is not long-term.
 and we are not able to hedge ourselves long term.
 term.
 hedging policy works short term
 and we can see the results
 and on top of it the price of the steel
 was up substantially
 on the general market
 and we are actually using quite a lot of steel in the mining operations and therefore we were
 impacted adversely by the growing prices of steel.
 but again let me emphasize that we are tracking the consumption of raw materials very strictly
 and we are tracking the cost of energy
 there are no negative deviations
 we do have savings and we provided for savings in our budget and we are right
 on target here in line with the budget now the next slide shows our cash flow
 At this point, I would like to highlight the negative number that you see there, the negative cash flow, which is related to the change in the working capital, and I've already explained that we had increased inventory, which was a temporary thing.
 it was a technical arrangement
 and it was
 mostly anode copper
 that we had to stack up
 We have to stock it up before we actually prepare ourselves for the smelter repair.
 we also had higher stock up of
 of the concentrate copper in the port,
 And that was to prepare for the next year.
 And as a result, we had more ships coming to the port at the same time, all in June.
 so it's all coincided in time
 In addition to that, we also had a reduction in our debt factoring.
 The factoring was paid off since there was no need to use it
 and we didn't want to incur unnecessary financial expenses.
 Another thing was the acquisition of intangible assets, so capex.
 It was CapEx for Polish operations and for international operations, specifically Robinson mine.
 It was all in line with the plan.
 And the third thing that contributed to that negative number was the payback of our loan to one of the banks, $450 million.
 We took advantage of the fact that we had free cash flow
 and we didn't want to pay the cost of the debt
 we decided to reduce our dead position
 So moving on to the debt.
 our net debt to adjusted EBITDA
 currently
 or actually at the end of Q2
 was at 0.7
 so this is a much better situation than last year
 and this is all in line with the policy
 that we follow, the net debt
 has been fairly stable.
 but as we indicated here
 we took advantage of the fact
 but we had some positive cash flow
 and we decided
 to pay back our
 loans and everything else
 is pretty stable. We don't want
 to keep too much cash because
 the cash that sits idle
 does not
 generate any
 income and we
 don't want to
 maintain the excessive
 debt because this is costly. We have an open credit line for 8.2 billion lorries and this is
 very flexible credit line
 we have very good terms. Therefore, whenever needed, we can actually take advantage of
 that open credit line.
 Our financial structure and our structure of financing
 is currently
 very optimum.
 We continue to optimize that
 and our goal is to avoid financial
 expenses that are not needed.
 I think
 that we have pretty much covered our
 financial performance. So let me turn the floor to Mr. Bugajczyk.
 Good afternoon, everyone.
 let me walk you
 through our investment projects
 and development projects
 The first six months were closed with the CapEx at 1.36.000.000 LL.
 on the pie charts you can see the breakdown of the capex for the first six months of 2021
 perhaps the number is not very impressive
 but let me say that our projects are very complex
 and many times these are
 multi-annual projects, therefore we like historically the Q4 always shows more
 weight and I just want to assure you that all the investment projects are
 delivered according to the plan and this is the more and more important role of
 the deep Głogów. The numbers are quite impressive. The annual growth is over 40% at each stage
 of operation.
 So looking at this ratio
 and looking at this growth we may
 mentioned two things.
 First of all, we have more preparatory work completed and we are also actually getting to the mining in that particular area. Therefore, you may expect to see a growing production.
 Now, key projects.
 The processing facility at the south is pretty much completed, and all different installations that have been planned will be delivered as scheduled.
 Now, Deposit Access Program, we continue to sink GG1 shaft.
 we hit
 1,231 meters
 and for the shaft GG2
 we do have a special plan
 Spatial Development Plan
 already published and now
 we are actually moving on with the drill holes.
 We have also completed our central air cooling system.
 this is an important project
 it will actually help us
 produce
 at the sections of the
 deposit where were not accessible since the conditions of mining were not
 adequate. Now all the projects related to BAT
 conclusions are moving
 on as scheduled both
 in Głogów and at Legnica site.
 we are working on the
 Głogów 1 smelter
 and again the work
 goes as scheduled.
 Now, our energy development program.
 We move in twofold.
 we are working on the renewable
 energy sources but at the same time
 we continue to optimize
 our energy consumption
 and we have already seen the first outcomes.
 we were able to reduce energy consumption with the same production parameters as we used to have.
 And the next slide shows how we want to reach a 50-50 split.
 50% of energy will
 be from our own generation
 including renewable sources
 by 2030. As of today, the plan is such that we will switch to this 50-50 system and we will save
 on CO2 emission by
 900,000
 and tons, give and take.
 And by 2030, Sierra Gorda mine will have 100% of electricity from renewable sources.
 So we have the right data to show.
 Now the next slide shows the photovoltaic farm and we were able to build that at Legnica smelter
 And we also have two other projects at Abory and Głogów.
 the
 All the numbers for these investments are shown next to the pictures.
 So all these projects have been delivered as scheduled.
 Ladies and gentlemen, it seems that we are getting to the end of our presentation
 and maybe as a wrap-up
 I would like to say that it is worth mentioning that obviously we will not rest on our laurels having communicated this good news to you.
 as I mentioned before
 we are working on updating our strategy and hopefully by September we will be
 ready to share with you the results of
 our studies. But in general
 we can say that unless something
 fundamental changes
 worldwide, we assume that
 the following years will be the years
 of copper and silver
 if that is indeed the case
 then we need to produce as much as possible with the optimum cost level and with the highest sales
 while taking care of the costs, but in order to do that the company needs to transform
 It needs to transform both in the context of
 of increasingly restrictive regulations for the energy sector and in the context of environment
 energy use
 Also, in the context of optimization of processes, the use of new technologies, automation, and in the context of securing new deposits.
 for further exploration
 and operation
 of our business
 So what we are looking into
 very closely right now.
 Now, that's actually something you are well familiar with.
 We have been working on green energy, on new energy sources.
 namely
 small nuclear
 reactors as a source of
 energy, hydrogen, which is
 potentially a very interesting source of energy in our sector.
 also offshore
 projects
 are being considered
 a big project for us
 bytomodřajský license
 that is basically a new mine, a new technology, a new regulatory environment that is a priority
 topic for us
 under the license
 and potassium salts
 That's also a very promising future-oriented subject in the context of the current business cycle.
 all that is
 the subject of our analysis.
 We do not fundamentally change our
 assumptions
 in
 December
 2017 when we
 developed our original strategy we had this
 motto, uncertainty is the only thing
 that is certain, you have to be ready for all
 options but at the same time the company needs to transform in the context of
 opportunities that open up to it and that is why we are updating our strategy
 and that is what we will bring to you in detail in September.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much to the management board members for their comments.
 now I open the Q&A session
 this time we have
 questions both from the room here
 and from the chat.
 ir at kjjam.com
 please also ask questions here
 The Q&A session will be chaired by Janusz Krystosiak,
 head of our investor relations department.
 I can see the first question.
 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
 Paweł Puchalski.
 Paweł Puchalski-Santander.
 I have six questions altogether
 Should I split that by sector?
 Okay, one by one.
 there will be a few short ones
 The first, does the company intend to change, adjust its volume guidance for any of the projects or for any of the metals for the whole 2021?
 one. Are you talking about production? Yes, production.
 Thank you.
 Okay, that was my first question.
 the second
 You have mentioned
 this lower
 content on international
 so I would like to find out
 whether and when we can
 expect any changes in the metal content. If my recollection is correct, maybe you talked about
 What do you mean? Content?
 grade
 great, okay, great
 And another simple question.
 we have major one-offs.
 Does the company intend to maintain its dividend payout at the same level as it paid this year?
 that is will one-off change
 in
 next year's dividend or not
 Then there is a beautiful project, three megawatt in photovoltaics, but my general question
 this about your strategy. A few years
 when you showed this strategy,
 my understanding was
 very little has changed
 with regard to renewable energy sources.
 so now please do not
 give us a plan for 2030
 That's easy to come up with, but a plan for the next two, three years.
 how exactly megawatts
 and photovoltaics onshore
 you are going to put up.
 Yes, Jay.
 There is one more question about progress in the sale of assets.
 there been any progress in your selling of the assets and the last thing I'm
 which also contributes to the results.
 I would appreciate very much a short but informative discussion of this component, of course, stock.
 You had it minus 700 in the first and adjustment of costs by stock minus 700 in the first quarter, minus 300 in the second quarter.
 So I would be happy to find out what is the management board's view of what the value might be in the third quarter on the second half of the year.
 That's it from me
 Okay, we'll try to address those questions quickly now.
 As for the changes in our production plans,
 excluding unpredictable events
 those related to nature and random events we do not plan any changes here
 in terms of our production. As for the grade, lower grade on international, Paweł, maybe you can take it.
 ladies and gentlemen the subject you have brought up concerns one of the assets
 which is now in the process of sale so it is inconvenient for us to discuss it
 at the moment.
 that results from the existing geology. We are transparent on this point towards the participants of the
 disposal process
 this is being assessed by our potential buyers of those assets.
 and with regard to your second question
 I would like to inform you that the process of sales of our assets is moving on as planned
 in accordance with the procedure that we developed transparent procedure that was
 that communicated inside our organization.
 We are now at a very sensitive stage of this process.
 that's why my constraint
 in informing you more broadly
 about the subject
 I think at the end of the year, we will be able to present you much more information on the point
 as regards our approach
 to dividend next year
 it's not going to change
 the dividend policy
 remains in place
 you know that for a couple of years
 the company did not pay out the dividend 2020 was the first year for which the dividend was paid
 after a long break
 maintaining of the trend
 maintaining of the results
 on the current
 trends allows us
 to be optimistic about dividends.
 our dividend policy does not change
 That's what I can tell you right now.
 and as for
 photovoltaic projects
 it's not just
 the photovoltaics.
 It is broadly understood energy optimization.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we do not have already projects in this field, so we had to build
 them from scratch.
 You know, the spacing development plans,
 environmental impact assessment those procedures are very time-consuming it
 It doesn't take several months.
 and it may take as long as years.
 So the process of placing investments on our land takes time, because the formalities take time.
 we will start one 8 megawatt investment
 and then we will start another of six megawatt and two smaller ones so that
 That will be the beginning of the investment process once we have gone through the administrative
 preparation. We also
 had some vapor and gas plants which helps us improve our energy management the production
 process is more intense and we use less energy, we have lower energy consumption.
 Very soon we will go out to the market with an acquisition process apart from what we
 we are working on.
 We want to acquire processes, projects that are already prepared for development.
 So we will also have PPA and apart from our own investments, we will have, it's weeks
 or months rather than years that we will be in the market.
 and in fact strategic projects if you make a rough calculation you will know that if we relied
 all in photovoltaics, we would
 have to cover the area
 of three voivodeships with our panels.
 So it is not the only
 source that we can
 utilize in the context of
 delivering on the promise of being green in energy.
 So this machine is going head full steam as much as the reality allows us to.
 And Pavel commented on sales.
 there was also a question about
 stock in the future
 In terms of inventory, as I explained, the inventory was up for technical reasons.
 we actually have to stock up
 more inventory
 since we know that
 the modernization program will
 be continued for the next year
 and probably two years.
 and that is mostly
 the Głogów smelter.
 therefore this inventory will be maintained, perhaps in a different form.
 And at the same time we also process more third party ore and since we work on the third
 party material we have to
 stock it up first so that it's
 it is ready for the smelters.
 so this is all technical
 and therefore it doesn't affect
 our performance
 because this is a repeated cycle
 and we've already said
 but this is also
 an additional
 element like sales
 logistics and this is the temporary
 increase in inventory
 that tends to go down
 during the next quarter
 I don't want to predict
 when we are going to have it up and down
 because it's more related to the shipment cycles for the ore or silver concentrate
 or rolled
 material
 for instance for Cedynia we have a higher inventory of road sheets
 because we are getting ready for several weeks of downtime of Cedynia's military.
 any other questions from the room
 well thank you for all the answers
 but if I may
 my first question
 was about the
 volume guidance
 for the year.
 As far as I remember, you are way above the plan for molybdenum in Sierra Gorda.
 And you said that you're not going to change your assumptions.
 So does it mean that you're going to reduce your production of molybdenum dramatically
 or you're just being cautious
 and you'd rather keep a surplus in place
 instead of
 facing a different scenario
 So how should we look at it?
 you think that you will deliver the volume
 as actually identified in the guidance
 or are you actually playing it safe?
 Well, the Sierogorda budget is subject to different rules than our KGHM in Poland or international.
 At Siragorda, we have to actually come to the arrangements with our partners at the joint ventures every time we work on the budget.
 At this moment, we have not had any discussions about any adjustment of the Sierra Gorda budget, including the production volume.
 therefore at this point
 we are not going to come up with an informal position
 regarding the future production of Sierra Gorda during the second half of the year.
 and just to make everything clear
 it's not going to be less
 than the budget
 unless something unexpected happens but we always play it safe because as you know we
 we are in the business where there are many
 factors that are beyond our control.
 So sometimes we are at the mercy of nature.
 And whatever possible, we try to...
 over-deliver
 if the situation is
 conducive and the production
 situation allows that
 And to speak about molybdenum and Sierra Gorda, production during the first six months of this year was actually lower than production for the same time last year.
 However, the revenue, sales revenue is higher because the price was up.
 In terms of volume, we were down slightly, but the revenue was up because of the higher price.
 any other questions from the room
 from the audience. Yes, Wojciech Jakubik,
 business alert.
 I just want to make sure
 whether you meant
 on the shore of offshore.
 This is the question to the CEO, but you're speaking about the strategy update or no,
 You said that you are looking at various electricity options.
 Yes, we are also looking at offshore options.
 Yes, and I also wanted to ask you about the impact of electricity prices on your financial
 performance.
 And Mr.
 Erkensbach said that natural gas prices
 is also a major factor
 because the price of natural gas is going up
 So are you still looking at the gas units?
 because we know that
 natural gas has a
 have in you, in the EU.
 and I also have a question
 about the new deposits
 Are we going to expect it at any time during the coming conference seasons?
 I think that I addressed
 the first question already in terms of
 electricity prices and the prices of the natural gas
 and the impact of that on our business.
 I think Andrej will provide more detail in a minute, but overall, well, the only reasonable
 response that we can take is long
 term and this is all about the
 transformation and transition
 And there is no other long-term option to actually avoid the increase in the ETS allowances
 prices that determine
 at the end of the day, the price of energy.
 So we are trying to regroup and we are transforming our electricity consumption
 and we are trying to optimize consumption
 wherever possible. We want to come up
 with the technologies that will allow us to reduce energy consumption.
 in terms of the current developments, over to Andrei.
 so I'm not sure if I have all the numbers
 at hand
 if not, we will prepare
 the answer and send it off to you
 But speaking of the Polish copper assay, because I think that that was your question.
 so the cost of electricity
 was up by 102 million larrys
 because of the higher power price,
 77 million up
 because of the ETS prices and 90 million up because of the increase in natural gas and diesel fuel prices.
 So this is the breakdown of energy prices.
 And in terms of the gas-fired units, well, to be honest, the price dynamics is not very
 encouraging and
 therefore we are not taking
 any decisions but we are
 watching the trend because it may
 change
 it would be much better
 if we had more regulatory
 certainty within the European
 Union in terms of the natural gas
 supply from Russia.
 I have
 to actually add to what I said
 but we are expecting the
 power capacity
 fee to go down
 We know that the increase that we've seen in this component is not sustainable.
 simple.
 Thank you. I think that our CEO has already answered the question of Mr. Brzeziński, because the question was also about the cost of energy.
 so
 I believe that we have
 covered this one
 Any other questions from the audience?
 Yes, Jakub Szkolaj, M-Bank Brokerage House.
 I have a question about your renewable energy target at Sierra Gorda, and I would like to
 find out what is the current situation
 and how do you go about it?
 do you actually have
 photovoltaic farms or you have
 a different approach. How you're going to actually
 develop that? Is CapEx
 going to be
 shouldered by Sierra Gorda or by
 external partners and I also have a question
 about the surplus that you show at Sierra Gorda.
 are you going to actually continue
 to transfer that to Poland
 or you really think about future development like Sierra Gorda 2,
 the project that was considered
 at some time or Sierra Gorda
 oxide that was
 in the plan
 at some point in time.
 actually
 as of today Sierra Gorda has some electricity
 generated by renewable sources and the ultimate
 100% target
 has been adapted because very
 advantages
 contracts that we have signed
 there are future
 forward looking.
 so we are actually looking
 we are waiting for this
 supplier of electricity
 to complete their project.
 So this is all actually secured, and we are really happy with this electricity transition at Sierra Gorda.
 and to answer your question about
 the cash flow
 for me
 Siragarda? Well, at this
 point Siragorda is not
 planning the second
 face
 There is no discussion about Sierra Gorda 2 at this point.
 So there is no investment planning towards that.
 We continue the same investment methodology that we adopted for Sierra Gorda at the very
 beginning of our engagement there when we actually stepped into this function of the
 board, so we want to optimize the operations while containing our financial exposure.
 So this is what we continue to do.
 We do have a capex for improvements that are needed.
 is not that we are going to
 double the capex for Siragorda
 or that we want to double the capacity of Syragorda?
 No, but we do take a lot of small steps to move forward.
 And despite the capex that is dedicated to improvements,
 we continue to have substantial cash flow to Poland.
 Final question.
 there is a very
 new trend
 of
 electromobility
 in the deep mines
 suppliers of this equipment
 are actually talking about it
 every word.
 ever considered that and would it be
 an option to reduce your energy consumption
 because you would
 be able to contain
 your costs related to ventilation
 and temperature direction.
 I know that one of your companies has such a vehicle in their portfolio.
 So let me answer that question
 and Adam Bugajczyk who is
 responsible for development may provide more
 details.
 Well, it is true that there is a trend in place.
 I believe that we need time for technology to develop
 and many times suppliers are actually speaking much more before they are able to deliver
 because the loader has to lift 12 tons per hour
 and it needs a lot
 of electricity from the battery, and it means that it would have to be charged several times
 during the six-hour cycle
 to be able to replace the currently operated diesel fuel machine.
 So we are looking for options that would help us keep our production cycle intact so that we do not need to make it longer.
 So we can actually think about the transportation of people with the use of electricity.
 We are testing that.
 drilling machines it's also a good option but loaders well or trucks that are heavy duty not yet
 probably if the batteries
 develop substantially
 then it could be
 feasible. And at Sierra Gorda
 we actually have
 huge machines
 but are also
 electrical
 but
 they
 have to load
 vehicles that
 have capacity of
 250 tons
 So these are electrical machines, but they need to be supplied from the grid.
 it's not possible to operate these machines
 from the battery because the battery
 would be up very soon.
 but your question about
 Siragord electricity is very interesting.
 Chileans have it much easier
 because we spoke about the area
 that you have to dedicate to the photovoltaic,
 they have the entire Atacama desert.
 and this is one of the sunniest places in the world
 And on top of it, it is completely empty.
 and the mine
 such as ours, takes just a tiny fraction of this desert.
 Therefore, it's much easier to deploy photovoltaic farms there.
 And for photovoltaics, you need to have appropriate acreage.
 and they have much more
 ambitious plans they want
 to use electrolysis to generate hydrogen and they want to become a leading producer of
 hydrogen in the world
 and they will ship that by the sea with ships.
 obviously first they have to
 concentrate that into ammonia
 And now over to my colleague.
 I do confirm what Marcin has said.
 in two cases we checked
 what the companies had previously
 promise and they were unable to deliver to us
 the machinery that would correspond to our profile.
 We are in talks with all major manufacturers worldwide, so that's the situation right
 now and as regards lowering of the temperature it is unfortunately just one degree we will have
 temperature lower at the ground by one degree that will not solve the problem
 of cooling that formation.
 are thinking about that we are open to this direction of developments but
 But apart from that, we need to optimize and cope with the difficult conditions.
 Thank you very much.
 I would like to come back for a second to the theme of operations and results on Sierra
 Gorda. I would like Paweł Gruza
 to answer the question from Tomasz Brzeziński.
 Thanks.
 To what activities did you achieve greater amount of copper in Sierragorda?
 Will you be able to maintain the 30% growth in production of the Chilean company?
 In principle, the output is a function of metal content in the ore,
 but also that depends on optimization of the process itself
 and on parametrization of this process.
 Let me remind you that...
 in the last quarters. We also concluded certain investments that were those tiny steps, low
 low cost, low capital intensity, baby steps that allowed us to improve the parameters
 of the installation we could enumerate here a number of elements for example
 hydrocyclones and other technological elements so all those activities are
 taken together translate into a greater capacity for
 processing and
 greater
 recovery
 on what geology offers to us.
 If you ask about the second half of the year,
 As I said, we do not expect any major collapse in the production, anything that would threaten our good results.
 But also, at present, we are not giving any clear guidance, any quantified plan.
 thank you very much
 I think the president's comment and previous answers exhaust the question that I'm going to read out right now.
 but there was a question addressed to Marcin Kluziński from Jakub Kaimowicz.
 What, to the greatest extent, contributed to the improvement of the situation in Sierra
 Gorda?
 were of key importance in this process.
 Well, I tried to explain this at the beginning of my presentation, but maybe I will address it in more detail.
 Ladies and gentlemen, when we joined this company, we had...
 our interest full of some big capex projects which mean that by investing
 more billions
 of production could grow.
 So, we took a risky decision.
 We invested in the form of purchase price plus loans for the development of this project
 that to a billionth of zlottis.
 Maybe it's high time now to use ordinary optimization of maintenance and management of
 the website.
 asset as you do manage industrial assets and try to squeeze as much of it as
 possible so that in the following stages we get even better financial results so
 So in a nutshell, through a series of organizational initiatives, I can give you an example of
 vehicles.
 If one vehicle is loaded to a greater extent thanks to better capacity, better motivation
 system, incentive system for the driver, for the loader.
 We have several dozen percent higher volume of those trucks.
 And if we have better transportation to the mills, then we have better coordination with maintenance.
 We act proactively.
 we eliminate all those risks that can potentially threaten us.
 Because they might bring down our production capacity down to 60% rather than 85%, which is a standard in the industry.
 So we took a number of those baby steps, and as a result, we are able to produce more.
 That is the work of us as a whole management board, Paweł, managers here in Poland.
 And we are working on this all the time.
 And people know that this is Polish money of a Polish company that we need to make sure
 that the investment is connected in a way that pays off.
 And also, on the cost level, we undertook a number of initiatives wherever possible.
 try to do things
 in a less
 expensive way
 like in this photovoltaic project
 RES
 or
 closing down of the company
 during covet it was not easy at all to continue production covet is still
 We are still at high risk of COVID.
 We have frequent inspections.
 we go through them
 with a positive outcome
 And that means that we are able to manage the companies that are quite well.
 So relations with trade unions.
 This is a delicate matter in Chile, and we are nevertheless able to find common language
 with workers there.
 With the scale of production, that is millions of zlotties or dollars,
 We were able to ensure transportation for employees, continuity of operations.
 So, there was a whole range of such factors.
 I would call them importance, significance, good management.
 And without an extra CAPEX, we can see the results.
 Capex can be brought in if this trend becomes a lasting one, then we can consider adding additional capital expenditures.
 Thank you very much.
 Let me just briefly read out a question to Andrzej Kansbok.
 Lukasz Rutnik and UBS ask this question and it concerns doubts about the
 a significant increase in remuneration at KGHM in the second quarter, should that be
 treated this second quarter level be treated as a starting point for all the following ones
 Ladies and gentlemen, remuneration cost is a derivative of the collective bargaining
 agreement that we signed. This collective bargaining agreement identifies quite precisely
 be the algorithm that determines salaries.
 And it is a derivative of this arrangement.
 In the collective bargaining agreement, we also included award from the profit.
 if all the factors that we have mentioned today
 continue on the positive trend we forecast a record-high profit and then
 Again, we are obliged to establish a provision for an increased bonus for the crew.
 we pay out more but on the other hand we also have the feeling that this
 This collective bargaining agreement and our activities allow us to share the beneficial
 situation of the company with a broad range of stakeholders, that is, employees.
 Thank you very much.
 financial question as well I will quickly answer it right now reminding you
 the impact of hedging
 on our results.
 asks about how much hedging came on sales and how was on the remaining
 activities and the first half of the year on hedging we had 742 million
 adjustment on revenues 733 million reduction of the result on other
 operations and the remaining 20 million was assigned to financial results and
 you can find it in our presentation and it's full version but I just mentioned
 this is something that facilitates our modeling are there any questions from
 the room it seems we have more questions coming in some of them have already been
 answered so I'm quickly going through what comes in here online I would just
 like to refer to the question that was asked before about electrical energy.
 The CEO answered that you expected, among other things, a reduction.
 I think it was a reduction.
 in the power capacity fee. Why do you expect this fee to be reduced? Does it follow from
 any regulations?
 Yes, it does follow from regulations.
 solutions.
 in the regulatory policy
 of the European Commission we are on the list of industries that can be exempted
 from the fee, mining, copper mining can be exempted from the fee and now a resolution
 is being
 considered where this exemption is envisaged. And what was this fee in the first half 2021?
 and PLN. And this fee will continue till the end of 2021.
 one.
 That depends on when the resolution that the CEO has just mentioned will come into force.
 Yes.
 Thank you very much.
 I have two quick questions regarding whether we can say something more or whether we can
 dwell on the subject of our interest in MSCR reactors and hydrogen.
 We have already mentioned here that those things are being studied as part of a broader
 discussion, broader
 thinking, the results of which we will try to show you when we talk about update of our
 strategy or certain elements of the strategy.
 On my part, we have exhausted the questions that were sent in by email, so thank you very
 much
 Let me just remind you that all questions and answers from today
 and the questions that
 you will still send to us
 by email will be published on our website.
 we will provide answers and we will add any details if you have any more specific questions.
 we are at your disposal also right after this conference and let's hope we will meet again
 next quarter
 hopefully with a bigger number of participants.
 Thank you very much.
 I would like to thank the management board as well.
 Thank you.