 Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to give you a warm welcome at the conference on the
 financial results of both the group and the company,
 the first half of 2021.
 We meet together mainly through video broadcasts, but I would also like to welcome all those
 who came in person to the Walls of Stock Exchange will start traditionally with management boards,
 comments on the results for the first half of the year and then we will move
 onto the Q&A session. We will answer questions asked both here in the room
 and the ones that you send via chat.
 If there are any questions that we want people to answer today or questions that will require
 more detailed answers, we will answer them in a more detailed manner on our website and
 you will be able to find all the answers there. The results of KJHM in the first half of the
 the year will be presented by the Management Board in its almost full
 Composition Martin Chuludinski, President of the Management Board, Adam Bugai,
 Vice President for Development, Paweł Gruza, Vice President for Assets, Foreign Assets and
 Andrzej Kensburg, Vice President for Financial Matters.
 We do not have here Dario Świderski, but we will also address production matters and
 to other ones related to national domestic operations.
 Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to get the floor to President Martin Kudziński.
 Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to welcome you on this still summer time afternoon.
 We have already, we already passed 12.
 We have a few pieces of good news about the operations of the company in the first half
 of 2021.
 I think that the figures of our today's meeting are 132 and 433.
 these numbers 100% higher year-on-year adjusted EBITDA 30% higher revenues 433% higher net
 profit. If we make reference to the first half of 2020, plus what we experience in macroeconomic
 space and the recurring comment is that copper prices were favourable to us I
 I cannot deny that for the first time in quite a while.
 Actually, this is the first year when we have tailwind rather than have to
 struggle against the wind. The prices in the first half of the year were very
 difficult. Even the prices below 5,000 per tonne 2018 and 2019 were not very favorable to us either.
 but copper prices is not the only or not the main reason where we can share those good numbers
 us with you today.
 We implemented a number of optimization initiatives,
 and we can see the results.
 contacts of Sierra Gorda comes another good number and I think that's very
 relevant here. This is the first year where money is flowing, not from Poland to
 Chile, but from Chile to Poland.
 So we are facing a situation where about 500 million came back from Sierra Gorda to Poland
 And that's not the end of it, the next amounts are planned for this year, so we will not
 And with this number, if good production parameters continue, good financial parameters continue
 that should become reality.
 Of course, this happened much later than we had planned it would when we started this
 investment but three years of very intense work of the management board and
 and people who are responsible for Sierra Gorda, both Polish people and Chileans there
 and in the headquarters of the company brought fruit in spite of lower prices we were able
 to show you much better financial results, improvement on EBITDA, improvement on production
 volumes and the battle for this project in terms of cost, in terms of fully
 utilization of production capacity, all that is bringing results to the price
 does support us but even without this favorable price we could see the positive
 impact on our finance results.
 Maybe that will sound like an anecdote, but there are quite a few examples like this where several dozen
 cars
 more vehicles, more that carry output to the mill and give us specific measurable results
 because that at the end of the day means more copper. That was just one of the many optimization
 initiatives and again this is not the end of our initiatives in this regard.
 Most importantly this is happening without any new major new capital
 expenditures. We basically only optimize what we had previously and we try to
 create value based on what we have already invested and we're trying to
 increase the value of our assets to improve the financial result. By the way, we are trying to do
 exactly the same thing in Poland, in terms of cost, in terms of maintenance of our production.
 we all know perfectly well that grade is not favourable
 as time goes on the content of copper is decreasing and Sierra operates in a sick
 and cycles occasionally encounter greater contents and in mining industry
 worldwide that's one of the deposits with lower content in the ore so that's not a
 a project that
 brings those results on its own, we have to combat to get them.
 So we are happy we are getting those results, we are also happy that for the first time
 in a long-time macroeconomic conditions support us. They are uncertain and we also have to
 admit openly that there is an ongoing battle in the market in terms of
 price. Sometimes we can see declining prices and then other
 Ryan-Tanzer thoughts to push it up. This is something we are monitoring closely. We are
 prepared for a number of various options also as past year showed we are ready
 for crisis scenarios and in spite of those crisis conditions we are able to show good
 financial results. As regards specific financials, these will be presented by individual members
 of the management board. Now I would like to give a floor to Andrzej Kensbok, who will
 tell us about production figures, but also financial data.
 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. I would also like to give a warm welcome to everyone present here
 via our broadcast.
 Ladies and gentlemen, as we go out, production results, metals show an increase of paid
 copper 8.6% up six months to six months. We can say that this growth as we
 recorded in all segments in Poland. KJGM International, that is mainly Robinson and Sierra Gorda,
 This regards the production of our two other products, that is silver.
 It is slightly lower than last year, and that results from the fact that we are tickling
 Poland we process more foreign concentrates with a slightly different
 type from the one that we processed last year, therefore with higher content of copper but
 not necessarily with a higher content of silver, so availability of silver in third
 party concentrate is slightly lower. As we got the North American mines, we are getting
 through areas that contain slightly less precious metals, TPNs.
 We should also say a few words about the results of post-commitage SR as the main holding company
 in the group.
 I would like to bring your attention to the maintenance of the level of mining output.
 This is important because we know that the mining conditions are deteriorating.
 we operate in increasingly difficult geological conditions, getting deeper and deeper on a
 more extensive area of the mine, but the the output level was maintained and even
 slightly exceeded from the first half of 2020. So, the initiatives that were linked to making
 and their deposit available extraction were the functioning of the entire mining complex
 transportation, processing and so on and so forth, all that functions smoothly and
 We are able to cope with the situation production of electrolyte copper increased, and that
 That increase stemmed from a greater processing of third-party input.
 scrub and third-party input. We are also expanding the range of third-party input, trying to adjust
 the capacity of our smelters to greater opportunities of choosing and optimising the purchases
 of third-party input. On the other hand, our smelters also adjust their technology to be
 able to process those increased quantities.
 we are preparing for that.
 building storage centers, warehousing centers and all the supporting logistics
 to transport third-party input. That is becoming a significant element of our
 production but it helps us because it gives us an opportunity to fully utilize
 the capacity for smelting and for raffination in our smelters to push up
 our volumes. A decrease in the electrolytic copper production from our own input results
 only from year-on-year comparison. In the middle of last year, we were still processing
 the remains of the surplus that we had accumulated before and at the beginning of 2020 we still
 processed that previous surplus hands. We had slightly higher processing of our own input.
 And now we are running on an ongoing basis, that is, whatever is extracted is then subsequently
 processed. As for production results in Sierra Gorda, I will give the floor to my
 colleague. Thank you, Andrew. Ladies and gentlemen, at the result on our foreign
 assets in particular here, Ragorda and Robinson are very good.
 You can see here those numbers that we are very proud of.
 This is the effect of both good management of the mine and of processing plants in Sierra
 but also it results from our good relations with trade unions we managed
 to sign the agreement at the very early stage and that allowed us to work in calm conditions
 in spite of the turbulent moment that chili is going through right now, chili and the
 mining companies operating under the jurisdiction.
 Thank you.
 I would also like to mention the financial results and add a few words to what the President
 said regarding repatriation of cash from Chile to Poland. Last year we managed to maintain
 financial supplies from Poland and this year thanks to good production, thanks to the
 find that for the first time we are being supported in the term of Office of
 this management board, we are being supported by the macroeconomic situation, we can see
 the possibility of reversing this financial vector, which now points back towards Poland.
 But we are very happy about that, thanks to cost savings, which we were able to implement
 the price went down to a very low level, below 5,000 per tonne.
 We were able, in Sierra Gorda and our foreign assets, implement those savings and thanks
 to our discipline and other savings continue also this year.
 As a result, this year, we generate a financial surplus, which is then brought back to Poland.
 With regard to KJGEM International, we can boast excellent production results of Robinson,
 which is also working on the extension of its LOM planned life of the mind, and that
 to generate the value of assets on our books.
 Thank you.
 Working towards the financial consequences.
 So, speaking of our financial performance, let me start with the revenue, the revenue
 of the capital group were up 32% on a year-to-year basis.
 And it is important to say that we have seen that growth across all the segments of our business.
 The main driving factor was the price increase for all the metals that we sell.
 The exchange rate of Zloty against US dollar was working against us.
 Zloty depreciated against the US dollar that has a negative impact on our financial performance.
 So we have actually experienced some adverse effect
 of exchange rate, the volume was down by 388 million and this is due to the logistics of
 sales so first we have to accumulate goods before we sell the front batches
 that happens in the U.S. and in Poland for silver.
 So this is a temporary arrangement.
 We simply have to stuck up.
 We had to stock up some products before the 30th of June when we were closing the books
 for the...
 ...
 water. It's a negative result on our derivatives.
 is um
 is that is the outcome of our hedging transactions.
 We adjusted the headings during the first six months of the year as much as we could
 on the market, but our historical hedging transactions that were defending our position
 during the all-time lows for the copper continue to affect us, but this negative effect is
 is generously offset by the revenue increase
 Revenue increase and also another factor, but I'm going to address in a second now
 Now, let me turn to the cost.
 one unit cost, which is the cash cost of production of payable copper, we can tell
 that it went up from 1.6 to 1.89 dollar per pound, but there's a number of factors that
 contributed to that.
 First of all, C1 cost was actually going down in Poland.
 So, unit cost in Poland, in Polish production, was going down.
 At Sira Gorda we also had C1 unit cost falling in Poland.
 The main thing is the increase of price of silver in Sierra
 the main driving force was the increase in the production volume, however the negative
 effect is the increased meth tax, so-called copper tax. It is included in C1
 cost and it is calculated based on the price of the copper and the volume that
 was produced. Since the volume is stable but the price was up substantially, the tax was
 also much higher and that affected our C1 cost position.
 the operating result. So as the CEO said, we've seen the increase in adjusted EBITDA by 100%
 on a year-to-year basis. And again, let me emphasize that we've seen that growth across
 all the segments in Poland, in North America, and in Sierra
 garden. We've also had a bit of going up in the smaller companies of the group
 like xanam, pebeka, etc. they are doing quite well, they are not growing at such a dynamic
 right but nevertheless because of that growth they were able to keep their
 balances in check and they were able to keep the financial arrangements to
 a benefit. Obviously this is all driven by increased revenue.
 But I may say that contributors to the Abidda Grove, to some extent, are also related to
 effect but we are able to keep the production stable in terms of the cost
 whatever it's possible, I will address the cost at the greater length later but
 that as a result of these measures,
 operating margin was up to fold nearly. Now the net income, the net result of the
 The capital group was up to 4,723 million.
 the main driving factor was, again, increased revenue.
 The change in the cost by type is related to the fact that we need to buy more third
 party or because we have to increase our volume therefore the production and
 progress and products contributed positively to that and therefore we
 have seen the growth, but an important factor that I mentioned earlier is the very fact
 that we were part of the joint venture projects, namely, the stable, predictable production
 and the growing prices of copper.
 enabled us to come up with the revaluation of the loans that were
 granted to Sierra Gorda, and that re-evaluation showed that the value of
 loans were up by one billion eight hundred sixty six million so this is our
 consolidated profit. When you look at the stand-alone results, we show even higher
 number there and in that result we had to include the reversal of the previous
 write-offs of loans that were granted to other entities that were involved with
 Sira Gorda, they were not included in Sira Gorda in the consolidated statements.
 But overall, this is the same outcome.
 So we have better operational results of Sierra Gorda.
 we have more predictable revenue and profit
 and overall the macroeconomic environment
 is much more conducive to our business.
 Now, speaking of costs, the main driver for costs is much greater acquisition of third-party
 or but when it comes to the cost by type we are tracking them very closely and there are
 third-party services and the raw materials consumption and electricity and
 and other energy consumption.
 This is under control,
 that there are some other price factors
 that are beyond our control.
 like the much higher prices of diesel fuel
 and the natural gas.
 and in addition to that, higher prices of ETS allowances.
 ETS allowances.
 We are hedging these positions, but this hedging is not long term and we are not able to hedge
 ourselves long-term.
 our hedging policy works short term and we can see the results and on top of it
 the price of the steel was up substantially on the general market and we are actually using quite a
 a lot of steel and the mining operations and therefore we were impacted adversely by the
 the growing prices of steel.
 But again, let me emphasize
 but we are tracking the consumption of raw materials
 very strictly, and we are tracking the cost of energy.
 There are no negative deviations.
 We do have savings and we provided for savings in our budget
 and we are right on target here in line with the budget.
 Now the next slide shows our cash flow.
 So, at this point, I would like to highlight the negative number that you see there, the
 negative cash flow which is related to the change in the working capital and I've
 I've already explained that we had increased inventory, which was a temporary thing.
 It was a technical arrangement and it was mostly an odd copper that we had to stack
 up.
 it up before we actually prepare ourselves for the smelter repair.
 We also had higher stock up of concentrated copper in the port, and that was to prepare
 for the next year and as a result we had more ships coming to the port at the
 same time, all in June. So it's all coincided in time. In addition to that we also had a reduction
 and now we're dead factoring. The factoring was paid off since there was no need to use it and we
 we didn't want to incur unnecessary financial expenses.
 Another thing was the acquisition of intangible assets, so CAPEX.
 It was capex for Polish operations and for international operations, specifically Robinson
 mine. It was all in line with the plan. And the third thing that contributed to that
 That negative number was the payback of our loan to one of the banks, $450 million.
 We took advantage of the fact that we had free cash flow and we didn't want to pay the
 cost of the debt and therefore we decided to reduce our debt position.
 So moving on to the dash.
 our net debt to adjusted EBITDA currently,
 or actually at the end of Q2 was at 0.7 so this is a much better situation than last
 here, and this is all in line with the policy that we follow, the net debt has been fairly
 stable.
 But as we indicated here, we took advantage of the fact that we had some positive cash flow and
 and we decided to pay back one of our loans and everything else is pretty stable.
 We don't want to keep too much cash because the cash that sits idle does not generate any
 the income and we don't want to maintain the excessive debt, because this is costly.
 We have an open credit line for 8.2 billion lorries and this is a very flexible credit
 line we have very good terms therefore whenever needed we can actually take
 advantage of that open credit line.
 And our financial structure and our structure of financing is currently very optimum and
 continue to optimize that and our goal is to avoid financial expenses that are not needed.
 I think that we have pretty much covered our financial performance, so let me turn the
 the floor to Mr. Bugajczyk.
 You would have to know never one.
 Let me walk you through our investment projects and development projects.
 The first six months were closed with the capex at 1 billion 36 million lorries on the pie charts.
 you can see the breakdown of the capex for the first six months of 2021. Perhaps the number is not
 very impressive, but let me say that our projects are very complex and many times these are
 are multi-annual projects, therefore we like historically the Q4 always shows
 more weight and and I just want to assure you that all the investment
 projects are delivered according to the plan and this is that more and more
 important role of the deep goggles. The numbers are quite impressive. The annual growth is
 over 40% at each stage of operation.
 So looking at these ratios and looking at this growth,
 we may mention two things.
 First of all, we have more preparatory work completed,
 and we are also actually getting to the mining
 in that particular area before you may expect
 to see a growing production.
 Now, key projects.
 First of all, the tailing processing facility at the south is pretty much completed and
 and all different installations that have been planned will be delivered as scheduled.
 Now, Deposit Access Program, we continue to sync GG1 shaft.
 We hit 1,231 meters and for the shaft GG2 we do have a special plan, a special development
 plan already published and now we are actually moving on with their drill
 house and we have also completed our central air cooling system this is an
 important project, it will actually help us produce at the sections of the deposit where
 were not accessible since the conditions of mining were not adequate.
 Now all the projects related to BAT conclusions are moving on as scheduled, both in Gwogwuf
 and at Legnica site.
 We are working on the
 the blog of one smelter and again the work goes as scheduled. Now our energy
 development program. We move in two
 faults. We are working on the renewable
 energy sources but at the same time we continue to optimize our energy consumption and we have
 have already seen the first outcomes.
 We were able to reduce energy consumption with the same production parameters as we
 use to have. And the next slide shows how we want to reach a 50-50 split. 50% of energy
 will be from our own generation, including renewable sources by 2030.
 of today, the plan is such that we will switch to this 50-50 system and we will save on
 CO2 emission by 900,000 tons give-and-take. And by 2030 Sierra
 Gordamine will have 100% of electricity from renewable sources, so we have the
 the right data to show.
 Now the next slide shows the photovoltaic farm and we were able to build that at Lignica
 and we also have two other projects at Abar and Gwagwuf.
 All the numbers for these investments are shown next to the pictures.
 All these projects have been delivered as scheduled.
 Ladies and gentlemen, it seems that this is the end of this video.
 seems that we are getting to the end of our presentation and maybe as a wrap up I would
 I would like to say that it is worth mentioning that obviously we will not
 President Avalorals, having communicated this good news to you.
 As I mentioned before, we are working on updating our strategy and hopefully by September we
 we will be ready to share with you the results of our studies.
 But in general, we can say that unless something
 fundamental changes worldwide, we assume that the following years will be the years of copper
 and silver. If that is indeed the case, then we need to produce as much as possible with
 the optimum cost level and with the highest sales
 while taking care of the cost.
 But in order to do that, the company needs to transform.
 It needs to transform both in the context of...
 increasingly restrictive regulations for the energy sector and in the context of
 of environment, energy use, also in the context of optimization
 of processes, the use of new technologies, automation,
 and in the context of securing new deposits
 for further exploration and operation of our business.
 So, what we are looking into very closely right now, that's actually something you are
 well-familiar with. We have been working on green energy, on new energy sources, namely
 small nuclear reactors as a source of energy, hydrogen, which is potentially a very
 interesting source of energy in our sector also offshore projects are being
 being considered. A big project for us, Bitamodzai ski license, that is basically a new mine
 a new technology, a new regulatory environment that is a priority topic for us under the
 license and in potassium salts that's also very promising future-oriented
 subject in the context of the current business cycle. All that is the subject of our analysis.
 we do not fundamentally change our assumptions in December 2017 when we
 We developed our original strategy.
 we had this motto, uncertainty is the only thing that is certain, you have to be ready
 for all options, but at the same time the company needs to transform in the context of
 opportunities that open up to it and that is why we are updating our strategy
 and that is what we will bring to you in detail in September.
 Thank you. Thank you very much to the management board members for their comments.
 Now I open the Q&A session.
 This time we have questions both from the room here and from the chat.
 www.irkjgem.com
 Please also ask questions here.
 The Q&A session will be chaired by Janusz Krystoszak, head of our investor relations department.
 I can see the first question.
 Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen.
 Paweł Puchalski.
 I have six questions all together.
 Should I split that by sector?
 Okay, one by one.
 there will be a few short ones.
 First, does the company intend to change, adjust its volume guidance for any of the projects
 for any of the metals for the whole 2021.
 Are you talking about production?
 Yes, production.
 Okay, that was my first question, the second.
 have mentioned this lower content on international so I would like to find out
 weather and when we can expect any changes in the metal content if my
 recollections correct maybe you talked about what do you mean content grade grade
 Okay, great.
 And another simple question. We have major one-offs. Does the company intend to maintain
 its dividend payout at the same level as it paid this year, that is, will one-off change
 next year's dividend or not, then there is a beautiful project 3 megawatt in
 in photovoltaics, but my general question is about your
 strategy a few years when you showed this strategy.
 My understanding was very little has changed with regard to renewable energy sources.
 So now please do not give us a plan for 2030.
 that's easy to come up with.
 the plan for the next two, three years.
 how exactly megawatts and photovoltaics onshore
 you are going to put up.
 There is one more question about progress in the sale of assets.
 there been any progress in your selling of the assets and the last thing which also
 contributes to the results. I would appreciate very much a short, but informative discussion
 of this component of cost stock. You had it minus 700 in the first and the adjustment
 of course by stock minus 700 in the first quarter, minus 300 in the second quarter, so I would
 be happy to find out what is the management board's view of what the value might be in
 in the third quarter on the second half of the year.
 That's it from me.
 Okay, we'll try to address those questions quickly now.
 as for the changes in our production plans, excluding unpredictable events,
 those related to nature and random events. We do not plan any changes here
 in terms of our production, as for the lower grade on international pavo, maybe you can take it.
 Ladies and gentlemen, the subject you have brought up concerns one of the
 assets, which is now in the process of sale. So it is inconvenient for us to discuss it
 at the moment, that results from the existing geology.
 geology. We are transparent on this point towards the participants of the disposal process.
 is being assessed by our potential buyers of those assets.
 The process of sales of our assets is moving on as planned in accordance with the procedure
 that we developed transparent procedure that was communicated inside our organization.
 We are now at a very sensitive stage of this process.
 That's why my constraint in informing you more broadly about the subject.
 I think at the end of the year we will be able to present you much more information on the point.
 As regards our approach to dividend next year, it's not going to change.
 the dividend policy remains in place, you know, that for a couple of years the company
 did not pay out. The dividend 2020 was the first year for which the dividend was paid
 after a long break. Maintaining of the trend, maintaining of the results
 on the current trends allows us to be optimistic about the evidence our
 So the dividend policy does not change, that's what I can tell you right now.
 as for photovoltaic projects. It's not just photovoltaics, it is broadly
 understood energy optimization.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we do not have already projects in this field, so we had to build
 them from scratch.
 You know the spacing development plans, environmental impact assessment, those procedures are very
 time consuming, it doesn't take several months, it may take as long as years, so the process
 of placing investments on our land takes time, because the formalities take time, we will
 start one 8 megawatt investment then we will start another of 6 megawatt and
 and two smaller ones.
 So, that will be the beginning of the investment process once we have gone through the administrative
 preparation. We also had some vapor and gas plants which helps us improve our
 energy management.
 And the production process is more intense and we use less energy, we have lower energy consumption.
 very soon we will go out to the market with an acquisition process apart from what we
 We are working on, we want to acquire processes, projects that are already prepared for the
 development, so we will also have PPA, and apart from our own investments, we will have
 It's weeks or months rather than years that we will be in the market.
 But these are in fact strategic projects.
 If you make a rough calculation, you will know that if we relied all on photovoltaics,
 We would have to cover the area of three of our vatships with our panels, so it is not
 the only source that we can utilize in the context of delivering on the promise of being
 green in energy.
 So this machine is going ahead full steam as much as the reality allows us to.
 And Paweł commented on sales, but there was also a question about stock in the future.
 In terms of inventory, as I explained, the inventory was up for technical reasons.
 We actually have to stock up more inventory, since we know that the modernization program
 will be continued for the next year and probably two years.
 And that is mostly the Gwagow smelter.
 34 this inventory will be maintained perhaps in a different form and at the same time we
 also process more third-party ore and since we work on the third-party material
 we have to stock it up first so but it's it is ready for the smelters so this is
 technical and therefore it doesn't affect our performance because this is a repeated cycle and
 And we've already said that this is also an additional element, like sales logistics.
 and this is the temporary increase in inventory that tends to go down during the next quarter.
 I don't want to predict when we are going to have it up and down because it's more related to the
 shipment cycles for them or or silver concentrate or rolled material. For instance, for Zdenia,
 Now we have a higher inventory of rolled sheets because we are getting ready for several weeks
 of downtime of Zdenia's motor.
 Any other questions from the room?
 Well, thank you for all the answers, but if I may, my first question was about the volume
 guidance for the year. As far as I remember, you are way above the plan for
 or Malipidinium in Siragorda, and you said that you're not going to change your assumptions.
 So does it mean that you're going to reduce
 your production of molybdenum dramatically,
 or you're just being cautious and you'd rather keep a surplus in place instead of
 of facing a different scenario.
 So how should we look at it?
 You think that you will deliver the volume as actually identified in the guidance or are you actually playing it safe?
 Well, the Sira Gorda budget is subject to different rules that our KGHM in Poland or
 international at Siragor that we have to actually come to the arrangements with our
 partners at the joint ventures every time we work on the budget. At this moment we
 We have not had any discussions about any adjustment of the Sierra Gorda budget, including
 in the production volume.
 Therefore, at this point we are not going to come up with any formal position regarding
 the future production that Sierra got during the second half of the year.
 And just to make everything clear, it's not going to be less than the budget, unless something
 unexpected happens but we always play it safe because as you know we we are in
 the business where there are many factors that are beyond our control so we
 sometimes we are at the mercy of nature and whatever possible we try to
 over-deliver if a situation is conducive and the production situation allows that.
 And to speak about Malik Dinjum and Serah Gorda,
 production during the first six months of this year was actually lower than
 and production for the same time last year.
 However, the sales revenue is higher because the price was up.
 In terms of volume, we work down slightly,
 that revenue was up because of the higher price.
 Any other questions from the room, from the audience?
 Yes, Wojtek Jakubik, business alert.
 I just want to make sure whatever you meant on the shore of offshore.
 This is the question to the SEAL.
 But you're speaking about the strategy update,
 Or you said that you are looking at various electricity options.
 Yes, we are also looking at offshore options.
 Yes, and I also wanted to ask you about the impact of electricity prices on your financial
 performance. And Mr. Gensbach said that natural gas prices is also a major factor because
 the price of natural gas is going up. So are you still looking at the gas units because
 Because we know that natural gas has a tough in you, in the EU, and I also have a question
 about the new deposits?
 Are we going to expect it any time during the coming conference seasons?
 I think that I addressed the first question already in terms of electricity prices and
 the prices of the natural gas and the impact of that on our business.
 I think Andrei will provide more detail in a minute.
 But overall, well, the only reasonable response that we can take is long-term, and this is
 is all about the transformation and transition.
 and there is no other long-term option to actually avoid the increase in the ETS allowance
 prices that determine at the end of the day the price of energy.
 So we are trying to regroup and we are transforming our electricity consumption and we are trying
 to optimize consumption wherever possible.
 We want to come up with the technologies
 that will allow us to reduce energy consumption.
 and in terms of the current developments over to Andrzej.
 So I'm not sure if I have all the numbers at hand. If not, we will prepare the answer and send it off to you
 but speaking of the Polish copper essay because I think that that was your
 question so the cost of electricity was up by 102 millions lorries 70s because
 because of the higher power price, 77 million ab because of the ETS prices and 90 million
 out because of the increase in natural gas and diesel fuel prices so so this is
 the breakdown of energy prices and in terms of the gas fired units well to be
 To be honest, the price dynamics is not very encouraging, and therefore we are not taking
 any decisions but we are watching the trend because it may change and it would
 would be much better if we had more regulatory certainty within the European Union in terms
 of the natural gas supply from Russia.
 I have to actually add to what I said, but we are expecting the power capacity fee to
 go down, we know that the increase that we've seen in this component is not sustainable.
 Thank you.
 then our CEO has already answered the question of Mr. Brzeziński, because the cost was also
 So the question was also about the cost of energy.
 So, I believe that we have covered this one.
 Any other questions from the audience?
 Yes.
 I am Banking Brokerage House.
 I have a question about your renewable energy target at Sierra Gorda and I would like to
 find out what is the current situation and how do you go about it do you
 actually have photovoltaic farms or you have a different approach how you're
 going to actually develop that is capex going to be shouldered by Sierra Gorda
 or by external partners. And I also have a question about the surplus that you show at
 Are you going to actually continue to transfer that to Poland or you really think about future
 development like Sierra Gorda II, the project that was considered at some time, or Sierra
 that was in the plan at some point in time.
 Actually, as of today, Sierra-Gorda has some electricity generated by renewable sources
 and the ultimate 100% target.
 has been adopted because very advantageous contracts
 that we have signed, that our future is forward-looking.
 So we are actually looking,
 We are waiting for this supplier of electricity
 to complete their project.
 So this is all actually secured
 And we are really happy with this electricity transition
 at Sierra Garda.
 And to answer your question about cash flow from Sierra
 Well, at this point, Sira Gorda is not planning the second phase.
 There is no discussion about Sierra Guarda 2 at this point.
 So, there is no investment planning towards that.
 We continue the same investment methodology that we adopted for Sierra Gorda at the very
 beginning of our engagement there when we actually stepped into this function of
 of the management board.
 So we want to optimize the operations
 while containing our financial exposure.
 So this is what we continue to do.
 We do have a capex for improvements that are needed and it is not that we are going to
 double the capex for Cira Gorda, or that we want to double the capacity of Cira Gorda?
 No, but we do take a lot of small steps to move forward and despite the capex that is
 dedicated to improvements, we continue to have substantial cash flow to Poland.
 Final question.
 There is a very new trend of
 Electromobility in the deep minds. Suppliers of this equipment are actually talking about it every word.
 Have you ever considered that and would it be an option to reduce your energy consumption because you would
 to be able to contain your costs related to ventilation and temperature
 direction. I know that one of your companies has such a vehicle in the portfolio. So let me answer
 Your pet question and Adam Bugajczyk, who is responsible for development, may provide
 more details.
 Well, it is true that there is a trend in place.
 I believe that we need time for technology to develop and many times suppliers are actually
 picking much more before they are able to deliver because the loader has to lift 12 tons per hour
 and it needs a lot of electricity from the battery.
 and it means that it would have to be charged several times during the six-hour cycle
 to be able to replace the currently operated diesel fuel machine.
 So we are looking for options, for options that would help us keep our production cycle intact so that we do not need to make it longer.
 So, we can actually think about the transportation of people with the use of electricity.
 We are testing that the drilling machines is also a good option, but loaders and well
 or trucks that are heavy-duty, not yet probably.
 if the batteries develop substantially even,
 it could be feasible.
 And at Sierra Gorda, we actually have huge machines
 that are also electrical.
 But they have to load vehicles that have capacity of 250 tons.
 So these are electrical machines, but they need to be supplied from the grid.
 And it's not possible to operate these machines from the battery, because the battery would
 be up very soon. But your question about Sierra Gorda electricity is very interesting.
 children have it much easier because we spoke about the area that you have to
 dedicated to the photovoltaic they have the entire Atacama desert and this is
 as one of the sunniest places in the world and on top of it, it is completely empty and
 The mine, such as ours, takes just a tiny fraction of this desert.
 Therefore, it's much easier to deploy photovoltaic farms there.
 And for photovoltaics you need to have appropriate acreage.
 And they have much more ambitious plans.
 They want to use electrolysis to generate hydrogen,
 And they want to become a leading producer of hydrogen
 and the word, and they will ship that through the...
 by the sea with ships.
 Obviously first they have to concentrate
 in Tuamania and now over to my colleague.
 I do confirm what Marcin has said in two cases.
 We checked what the companies had previously promised
 and they were unable to deliver to us the machinery
 that would correspond to our profile.
 we are in talks with all major manufacturers worldwide.
 So that's the situation right now.
 And as regards lowering of the temperature, it is unfortunately just one degree.
 we will have temperature lower at the ground by one degree,
 that will not solve the problem of cooling the formation.
 we are thinking about that, we are open to this direction of developments, but apart
 from that, we need to optimize and cope with the difficult conditions.
 Thank you very much.
 I would like to come back for a second
 to the theme of operations and results on Sierra Gorda.
 Now we'd like Paweł Gruza to answer the question from Tomasz Brzeziński.
 Thanks to what activities did you achieve greater amount of copper in Sierra Gorda?
 will you be able to maintain the 30% growth in production of the Chilean company?
 In principle, the output is a function of metal content in the ore, but also that depends
 on optimization of the process itself and on parametrization of this process.
 Let me remind you that in the last quarters we also concluded certain investments that
 where those tiny steps low cost, low capital intensity, baby steps that allowed us to
 to improve the parameters of the installation.
 could enumerate here a number of elements, for example hydro cyclones and other technological
 elements so all those activities taken together translate into a greater
 As I said, we do not expect any major collapse in the production, anything that would threaten
 our good results. But also, at present, we are not giving any clear guidance and a quantified plan.
 And thank you very much.
 I think the president's comment and previous answers exhaust the question that I'm going
 to read out right now, but there was a question addressed to Marcin Kluziński from Jakub Kajmović.
 What, to the greatest extent, contributed to the improvement of the situation in Sierra
 which factors were of key importance in this process. Well I tried to explain
 this at the beginning of my presentation, but maybe I will address it in more detail.
 Ladies and gentlemen, when we joined this company, we had our interest full of some big
 Capex projects which
 mean that by investing more billions of production could grow.
 We took a risky decision.
 we invested in the form of purchase price plus loans for the development of this project
 that to a billions of zlotys.
 maybe it's high time now
 to use ordinary optimization of maintenance
 and the management of industrial asset, as you do,
 manage industrial assets and try to squeeze as much of it as possible so that in the following
 stages we get even better financial results. So, in a nutshell, through a series of
 of organizational initiatives.
 I can give you an example of vehicles.
 if one vehicle is loaded to a greater extent thanks to better capacity, better motivation
 system, incentive system for the driver, for the loader.
 We have several dozen percent higher volume of those trucks and if we have better transportation
 to the melds. Then we have better coordination with maintenance. We act proactively. We eliminate
 all those risks that can potentially threaten us.
 because they might bring down our production capacity down to 60% rather than 85%,
 which is a standard in the industry.
 So we took a number of those baby steps
 And as a result, we are able to produce more.
 That is the work of us as a home management board,
 Aval managers here in Poland.
 We are working on this all the time.
 know that this is Polish money of the Polish company that we need to make sure
 that the investment is connected in a way that pays off and also on the cost level
 we undertook a number of initiatives wherever possible we try to do things in a less expensive
 like in this photovoltaic project, R.E.S. or non-closing down of the company during COVID,
 it was not easy at all to continue production.
 COVID is still at high risk of COVID.
 We have frequent inspections.
 we go through them with a positive outcome and that means that we are able to manage
 the companies that are quite well. Also relations with trade unions. This is
 a delicate matter in Chile and we are nevertheless able to find common language with workers
 there. With the scale of production that is millions of zlotys or dollars, we were able
 to ensure transportation for employees' continuity of operations, so that was a whole range of
 such factors. I would call them importance, significance, good management and without
 and extra KPEX, we can see the results.
 Capex can be brought in if this trend becomes a lasting one, then we can consider adding
 additional capital expenditures. Thank you very much. Let me just briefly read out
 question.
 to Andrzej Kensbok, Łukasz Rutnik and UBS ask this question and it concerns
 doubts about the significant increase in remuneration at KGHM in the second
 quarter, should that be treated, this second quarter level be treated as the
 the starting point for the following ones.
 Ladies and gentlemen, remuneration costs the derivative of the collective bargaining agreement
 that we signed, this collective bargaining agreement
 identifies quite precisely the algorithm that determines salaries.
 and it is a derivative of this arrangement and the Collective Bargaining Agreement we
 We also included an award from the Prophet.
 If all the factors that we have mentioned today continue on the positive trend, we focus
 the record high profit and then we are obliged to establish a provision for an
 increased bonus for the crew. So we pay out more, but on the other hand we also
 also have the feeling that this collective bargaining agreement and our activities allow
 us to share the beneficial situation of the company with a broad range of
 of stakeholders as employees.
 Thank you very much, I have a financial question as well.
 I will quickly answer it right now.
 reminding you of the impact of hedging on our results.
 Rafał Wiatr asks about how much hedging came on sales and how was on the remaining activities.
 and the first half of the year.
 On hedging we had 742 million adjustment on revenues, 733 million reduction of the result
 on other operations and the remaining 20 million was assigned to financial results and you
 You can find it in our presentation, and it's full version, but I just mention this as something
 that facilitates our modelling.
 Are there any questions from the room?
 It seems we have more questions coming in.
 some of them have already been answered so I'm quickly going through what comes
 in here online. I would just like to refer to the question that was asked
 before about electrical energy.
 The CEO answered that you expected, among other things, a reduction.
 I think it was a reduction, a reduction in the power capacity fee.
 Why do we expect this phi to be reduced?
 Does it follow from any regulations?
 Yes, it does follow from regulations.
 We, in the regulatory policy of the European Commission,
 We are on the list of industries that
 can be exempted from the fee.
 mining, copper mining, can be exempted from the fee.
 Now resolution is being considered
 where this exemption is envisaged.
 and what was this fee in the first half 2021, about 100 million PLN,
 And this fee will continue till the end of 2021.
 That depends on when the resolution that the CEO has just mentioned will come into force.
 Thank you very much.
 I have two quick questions regarding whether we can say something more or whether we can
 Well, on the subject of our interest in MSCR reactors and hydrogen, we have already mentioned
 hear that those things are being studied as part of a broader discussion, broader thinking
 the results of which we will try to show you when we talk about the update of our strategy
 or certain elements of this strategy.
 On my part, we have exhausted the questions that were sent in by email.
 Thank you very much.
 Let me just remind you that all questions and answers from today and the questions that
 you will still send to us by email will be published on our website and we will
 provide answers and we will add any details if you have any more specific
 questions.
 disposal also right after this conference and let's hope we will meet again
 next quarter hopefully with a bigger number of participants. Thank you very
 much.
 I'd like to thank the management for it as well. Thank you.