 Welcome to the Novozymes Q4 conference call.
 throughout the call
 All participants will be in listen-only mode,
 so there's no need to mute your own individual lines
 And afterwards, there'll be a question and answer session.
 Today, I'm pleased to present Tobias Cornelius for Auckland, Head of Investor Relations.
 Please look in your face.
 thank you operator
 and welcome everyone to Novosheim's full year 2021 conference call.
 My name is Tobias Björklund, and I'm the head of Investor Relations here at Novosimes, as mentioned.
 At this call, our CEO, Esther Bajé, and our CFO, Lars Green, will go through our performance and key events of 2021, as well as the outlook for 2022.
 Also present at this call are Tina Feyner,
 EVP Agriculture and Industrial Biosolutions,
 Amy Beirich, EVP Strategy and Business Transformation.
 Anders Lund, EVP Consumer Buy Solutions, and also Klaus Fulsang, CSO EVP of Research and Development.
 The entire call will take about 50 minutes
 including time for questions at the end.
 Before we begin, I would like to remind you
 that the information
 presented during the call
 is unaudited
 and that management may make forward-looking statements.
 These statements are based on current expectations and beliefs
 and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results
 to differ materially from those described in any forward-looking statement.
 With that, I now leave the hand to our CEO, Esther Bache.
 Mr. Please.
 thank you Tobias
 and thank
 Excuse me, and thank you all for calling in.
 Please turn into slide number two.
 I'm very pleased with our performance in 2021.
 We delivered strong sales, earnings and non-financial numbers
 and advance our business in accordance with our refreshed strategy,
 unlocking growth
 powered by
 biotech that we launched last September.
 organic sales grew 6%
 and benefiting from our diversified portfolio.
 Performance was particularly strong in food, beverages, and human health.
 in bioenergy
 and in grain
 and tech processing.
 All three business areas delivered strong double-digit growth.
 causal care declines
 slightly.
 Anagdikultural and
 agriculture
 animal health and nutrition was flat.
 And when both business areas were soft, they were roughly in line with our latest expectations for the full year.
 Over the past couple of years, we have invested in our commercial activities,
 especially in emerging markets
 and it's very, very encouraging
 to see the sales here growing by an impressive 18%.
 Sales in the developed markets also grew,
 although at a more moderate rate.
 Sustainability, it's part of our DNA here at Novozymes.
 and I'm very pleased to say
 that we are on track to meet 12 of our 30 non-financial targets,
 While the targets are for 2022, we actually exceeded several of them already in 2021.
 The benefits to the world from the use of our products
 are something we are all very proud of
 and we embrace the responsibility
 to be at the forefront of the movement for a healthier planet
 as a company with a strong purpose.
 We are committed to support the transition
 through as a climate-neutral society.
 And in 2021, 77% of our revenue was generated from products that contribute to lowering
 CO2 emissions by reducing the use
 of fossil-based resources and by reducing waste.
 Another key to achieve a more sustainable world is to transform food systems.
 in 2021
 35% of our revenue came from products
 enabling our food production systems to produce more food
 from less and improve nutrition and quality.
 Additionally, we strongly committed to enabling healthier lives
 and 5% of our full-year revenue came from products that enable a better health for people around the world.
 From an innovation perspective,
 2021 was another
 strong year with the launch of market-leading products such as Pristine, which is the broad
 market freshness solution
 and PROC 360, which improves the gestability of proteins for animals.
 In total, we launched 14 products during 2021, including six in the fourth quarter alone.
 This is much in line with previous years.
 Turning to our financials, we delivered a strong EBIT margin and ROIC, including Goodwill,
 as well as a strong free cash flow.
 And while reinvesting significantly in commercial activities, making several acquisitions and increasingly experience the headwinds from higher input costs towards the end of the year.
 Executing on our strategy has been our number one priority in 2021.
 After acquiring Microbiome Labs and the biotech technology asset in the first quarter, we took another important step to advance our biohealth business in the fourth quarter with the acquisition of Synergia Life Science.
 Synergy is a leading developer and manufacturer of spore probiotics and natural vitamin K2-7,
 and it will play a key role for us
 in expanding our position in human health
 and also in functional foods
 Also in the fourth quarter, we enter into a very exciting collaboration with SIPEN
 on enzymatic carbon capture
 and continue the construction of the new state-of-the-art production
 for Advanced Protein Solutions in Nebraska, in the U.S.
 the steps we have taken
 during the last couple of years
 sets us up to deliver
 another good year
 in 2022, and we expect to be off to a good start for the year.
 In 2022, we expect sales to grow by 3% to 7% organically,
 With growth across all business areas, sales in Danish Kroner is expected to be around
 three percentage points higher.
 The EBIT margin is expected at a solid 25 to 26, despite significant pressure from higher
 input costs. And lastly, we expect ROIC, including Goodwill, to end between 16% and 17%, while
 the free cash flow before
 acquisitions is expected between
 1.7 to 2.1
 billion Danish kroner, including
 a significant uptick in capex, mainly driven by the new production line in Blair.
 With that overview, let's now look at each of the five business areas in more detail.
 and starting with household care.
 Could you please turn to slide number three?
 Thank you.
 Household care declined by 1% organically in 2021
 The soft full-year performance came against a strong performance in 2020.
 Emerging markets perform well, supported by investments to expand our commercial footprint
 and tailored solutions, resulting in an increased enzymatic penetration.
 Our sales in developed markets declined as European consumer demand was significantly lower than expected.
 Performance further worsened in the second half of the year,
 where also two mid-sized private label players
 when out of businesses.
 the freshness
 technology perform well and in line
 with expectations.
 It was made available across multiple countries in Europe
 And the broad market solution was successfully launched in the third quarter.
 Sales in the fourth quarter declined 3% organically.
 Similar to the full-year performance, emerging markets perform well, while Europe in particular continued to decline for the same reasons as mentioned for the full year.
 While the 1% decline in 2021 was not satisfactory,
 an average annual growth of a rate of 2% over the past two years
 is a meaningful step in the right direction.
 looking ahead
 we expect sales in household care
 to grow by 2% to 4%
 in 2022
 Growth is expected to be driven
 by increased market penetration in emerging markets,
 by freshness, as well as
 in the non-laundry areas of professional
 and medical cleaning
 and in this wash.
 As mentioned, we launched the broad market version of freshness technology in 2021.
 This was a significant milestone, and freshness is expected to increasingly contribute to growth
 as the year progresses as well as in the years to come.
 Could you please turn into slide number four?
 Thank you.
 Our food, beverages and human health businesses had an excellent year
 and the team has done a terrific job in executing on the strategic direction
 while also capitalizing on the supportive market conditions.
 sales grew 14% organically in 2021
 with all three main categories growing by double digits.
 Growth in food was mainly driven by market penetration, and demand was particularly
 strong for health-focused solution, such as acrylamide reduction in baking, sugar reduction
 in dairy and solution for plant-based protein extraction.
 In addition, baking benefited to some extent from raw material optimization and ingredient substitution.
 Beverages perform well and outgrew the underlying market
 while also benefiting from a recovery in global BA volumes.
 Growth in human health was very strong
 and driven by cross-selling and geographical expansion.
 In the fourth quarter,
 sales group
 13% organically.
 The performance was led by
 by foot.
 Beverages grew slightly and was somehow impacted by the stocking, whereas human health performed well and according to the expectations.
 also in the fourth quarter
 we strength
 and accelerated our bio-health business
 by acquiring a majority stake in Synergia Life Science.
 And as I've already mentioned
 Let me now turn to the outlook.
 in 2022 we expect
 organic cells in food, beverages and
 human health to grow by high single-digit rate, with all sub-areas contributing to growth.
 Growth in food will be driven by market penetration supported by health-focused solutions
 and raw material optimization in ingredient substitution.
 For beverages, we expect growth on top of the double-digit growth in 2021.
 one. And for human health, we expect
 continued solid double-digit growth
 driven by innovation, cross-selling and regional expansion.
 Please turn into slide number five.
 Thank you.
 Full-year sales in bioenergy grew 11% organically.
 The strong performance was driven by the recovery of U.S. ethanol production,
 growth from innovation,
 Capacity Expansion of Corn-Based Ethanol Production in Latin America
 and market penetration with enzymatic solutions
 for biodiesel production.
 putting the U.S. development a bit into context
 it's important to remember
 that U.S. gasoline demand and ethanol production
 was severely disrupted during 2020.
 U.S. ethanol production rates gradually recovered during 2021, but still remain lower than the 2019 pre-COVID level.
 Organic sales in the fourth quarter grew 10%, driven by the same factors as already mentioned for the full-year performance.
 Additionally, sales benefit from growth market conditions for ethanol producers
 with some of the biggest crash margins
 in almost a decade.
 For 2022, we expect sales to grow by low to mil single digits.
 And as in 2021, growth continues to be driven by the recovery of U.S.
 ethanol production, innovation capacity, expansion in Latin America, as well as market penetration
 in biodiesel.
 And as a final note, the past two years have been unusually volatile for the ethanol industry
 and uncertainties related to the pandemic
 and volatile market conditions
 as still present.
 This is also why bioenergy covers a relatively broad range, broadly growth range.
 Please turn into slide number six.
 Thank you.
 Grain and tech processing sales grew 13% organically in 2021.
 Sales in growth, grain and in tech grew by double digits
 with strong performance across sub-areas.
 The growth in grain was led by market penetration with solutions for vegetable oil processing.
 innovation in starch, particularly in grain milling,
 as well as an increased end-market demand for starch-derived products,
 especially in emerging markets.
 Tech grew primarily due to the recovering sales in textile following the negative COVID-19 impact in 2020.
 good performance in areas such
 pulp and paper, leather and diagnostic
 enzymes for the pharmaceutical industry.
 They also contributed to the full-year performance.
 Four-quarter sales grew by 15% organically
 The performance was also broad-based in the quarter
 with the growth being fooled by innovation and high-end market demand in starch-derived product.
 market penetration in vegetable oil processing
 and sales of diagnostic enzymes for pharma.
 Looking at
 2022. The development is expected to be more moderate compared to 2021, and thus we expect
 the sales performance to range from
 flat to low single-digit growth.
 Growth will be led by
 continued market penetration in vegetable oil processing and from innovation in starch,
 such as for grain milling.
 Similar to the situation in bioenergy, the relatively large uncertainty related to the pandemic
 and the volatile market conditions are affecting the way we see prospects for grain and tech processing.
 Hence, we have applied a relatively broad sales range for this business area as well.
 Could you please turn to slide number seven?
 organic sales in agricultural and animal health and nutrition
 ended the year flat, despite
 a negative base effect from
 60 million one-off
 in the second quarter of 2020
 related to the former BioAc set-up.
 Sales in animal health and nutrition grew primarily from increased market penetration,
 driven by innovations such as Valancius and Prague 360.
 Sales in agricultural decline to the aforementioned base effect
 and increase if adjusted to it.
 The adjusted performance was driven by market penetration led by Latin America.
 Four-quarter sales grew 7% organically.
 Growth was the strongest in animal health and nutrition
 with increased demand for both protein and health solutions.
 Sales in agricultural also grew, driven by higher demand for bio-yield solutions.
 in 2022
 We expect organic cells in agricultural animal health and nutrition to grow in the high
 single digits to glow things.
 growth will be led by agricultural
 which is expected to grow at double-digit rate.
 Good market conditions and beneficial sustainability pool
 is expected to benefit
 a higher usage of inoculants.
 This, combined with innovation and a refined go-to-market model, will enable increased market penetration of both bioyield and biocontrol solutions.
 Animal health and nutrition sales are also expected to grow,
 full mainly by innovation and market-driven volume growth,
 supported by favorable market conditions.
 and with that
 I'll land over to Lars
 for a review of the financials.
 Lars, please.
 thank you Esther
 Let me start by reviewing the performance of our sustainability and non-financial targets.
 Please turn to slide number 8.
 with our refresh strategy
 unlocking growth
 powered by biotech, we made
 new long-term commitments to accelerate
 towards a climate-neutral society,
 transform food systems
 and enable healthier lives.
 we also significantly raised the bar
 by including scope 3 emissions in addition to scope 1 and 2
 in our CO2 savings target for 2030.
 The 2022 non-financial targets from 2019 are still valid
 and serve as milestones on our long-term journey.
 and it's encouraging to see
 that we are on track to meet 12 out of the 13 targets we defined back in 2019.
 As the non-financial targets are coming to an end here in 2022, we are also committing
 to communicate the progress and milestones we have towards our long-term targets for
 2030 and 2050.
 You'll hear more about this during the year.
 Now please turn to slide number 9 for a review of our financial performance.
 the performance in 2021
 was highly satisfactory
 meeting or exceeding all targets set out at the beginning of the year.
 In addition, we successfully integrated two companies,
 acquired a third and launched our strategy
 unlocking growth powered by biotech.
 Sales grew 6% organically and 7% in reported Danish kroner
 and included a 2 percentage point contribution from M&A
 and roughly a 1 percentage point headwind from currencies.
 sales in the fourth quarter
 grew 7% organically, and 11% in Danish Kroner.
 The gross margin was strong at 57.7%, 170 basis points higher than the gross margin in 2020.
 While many companies experience the impact from higher input costs already in 2021,
 Novozyme's unique productivity improvements and production excellence, including our leverage,
 allows for some
 alleviation of such changes in input
 costs.
 However, we are not immune to the significantly higher input costs
 and we started to see a growing impact in the fourth quarter.
 when the gross margin came in at 56.1%.
 This was 60 basis points above the fourth quarter of 2020, but around 200 basis points
 lower than for the first nine months of 2021.
 We saw the same beneficial operational factors throughout the year
 with the addition of a supportive price mix and M&A contribution.
 The fourth quarter year-on-year gross margin development was driven by the same factors as for the full year,
 with input costs becoming
 a stronger headwind in the quarter.
 The EBIT margin was solid at 26.8%,
 in line with expectations and 70 basis points higher than in 2020.
 Higher operating costs were more than offset by higher gross profits
 and an increase in other operating income.
 As implied by the 27% full-year outlook, the fourth quarter EBIT margin was expected to be soft,
 and the year-on-year decline was primarily due to increased operating costs,
 which offset the improved gross margin.
 The fourth quarter increase in operating costs was as expected mainly due to higher sales and distribution spend,
 one-off transaction costs and the recognition of acquisitions.
 Currencies provided a slight headwind for the full year
 but were marginally supportive in the fourth quarter.
 When adjusting for one-offs, the underlying full-year EBIT margin for 2021 was around 27%,
 and roughly on par with the underlying EBIT margin for 2020.
 Further, when comparing year-on-year margins, 2021 included close to a 1 percentage point headwind from M&A and currencies compared to 2020.
 in the fourth quarter
 the underlying EBIT margin
 when adjusted for both the transaction costs related to the acquisition of Synergia Life Sciences
 and the sale of a non-core building in Switzerland
 was around 22% compared to the 21% reported.
 Additionally, the fourth quarter included high operational costs as expected
 and included in the outlook of around 27% for the full year.
 Net investments totaled 1.1 billion Danish kroner, somewhat below expectations, mainly due to timing in the fourth quarter.
 Free cash flow before acquisitions was solid at 2.9 billion Danish kroner.
 Working capital changes and increased net investments
 offset higher net profit and improved earnings quality.
 The lower year-on-year cash flow was much as expected following the 2020 Biowag one-off,
 and the previously highlighted timing effects
 that had a positive effect on working capital in 2020.
 the fourth quarter free cash flow was 200 million danish krona and roughly in line with expectations
 following higher networking capital
 as well as higher investments.
 Return on investor capital, including Goodwill, was 19.3% in 2021.
 This was 40 basis points higher than in 2020
 The improvement in ROIC was due to the higher net operating profit after tax,
 which more than offset an increase in average investor capital following the three acquisitions.
 Please turn to slide 10 for the 2022 outlook.
 We continue to invest and position ourselves to unlock Novozyme's true, sustainable, long-term growth potential.
 Organic sales are expected to grow by 3-7% in 2022, and sales in Danish Corona are expected
 to be around three percentage points higher, including roughly one percentage point from
 the acquisition of Synergia.
 The indicated ranges per business area are broader for the agricultural exposed areas,
 catering for higher implied end-market volatility.
 The full-year indications per business area
 are in line with the overall 2025 targets presented at our recent Capital Markets Day.
 seen over the year.
 We expect performance to be off to a good start in 2022.
 the two.
 The EBIT margin outlook for 2022 is between 25% to 26%,
 including an expectation of a slight year-on-year benefit from currencies.
 the margin will benefit from operational leverage
 productivity improvements, as well as targeted price increases.
 This is expected to be more than offset by significantly higher input costs and continued investments in the business.
 Included in the Outlook
 The gross margin is assumed to decline by 1.5 to 2 percentage points in 2022 compared to the previous year.
 We are making a dedicated effort to pass on higher input costs,
 And while we expect this to have a net neutral impact on our year-on-year sales growth,
 The effort is expected to be supportive to the gross margin
 and is included in the outlook.
 The free cash flow before acquisitions
 is expected at 1.7 to 2.1 billion Danish kroner,
 including a significant step up in net investments,
 to support our growth opportunities.
 is. Net
 investments are
 expected at between 2.5 and 2.8 billion Danish kroner.
 The increase in net investments reflects maintenance, expansion, and optimization CAPEX,
 as well as investments to support our ambitions in the food and health-related areas.
 The amount we expect for net investments in 2022 includes roughly 1 billion kroner related to the advanced specialty protein facility in Blair.
 When adjusting for the protein investment, net investments add up to around 10% capex-to-sales ratio,
 which is in line with what we communicated at our Capital Markets Day.
 The outlook for the return on invested capital, including Goodwill, is for 16 to 17 percent.
 Subject to approval at the annual shareholders meeting in March
 The dividend is proposed at 5.5 Danish kroner per share, up by 5% from the year before,
 and corresponding to a payout ratio of 48.5%.
 In addition, a share buyback program of up to 500 million Danish kroner
 has been approved for 2022.
 This is in line with our capital structure policy
 to return the free cash flow
 generated to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share buybacks
 at a net debt to EBITDA ratio of around 1.
 With this, I'll now hand back to Esther for a wrap-up before we open up for questions.
 Esther, please.
 Thank you. Thank you, Lars.
 Please turn to slide number 11.
 thank you
 I'm very pleased with a strong set of both financial and non-financial results
 that we have delivered in 2021.
 We grew our sales 6% organically with double-digit growth in three of five business areas.
 We deliver solid earnings and cash flow
 while still reinvesting significantly in the business.
 and we are on track to meet 12 out of the 13th of our non-financial targets.
 We expect the strong performance from 2021 to continue in 2022,
 and we're guiding for a 3% to 7% organic sales growth
 with a solid debit margin that comes
 despite higher input costs.
 Both ROIC and Cashflow
 are impacted by high investments to secure a growth of the business.
 our relatively broad branch
 for sales growth allows us to
 navigate through
 Continued uncertainty related to the pandemic and volatile market conditions.
 similar to the way we position our outlook for 2021.
 At the beginning of 2021, we outlined four progress areas
 to allow you to follow our strategy execution from a different angle.
 One of them was to engage in at least three large commercial or R&D collaborations.
 This goal was achieved with a collaboration with Saipan,
 with a key player in the plant-based industry
 and with FMC in Agricultural.
 The second progress area
 focus on commercializing innovation.
 This goal was also accomplished
 as more than 30% of our sales were from solutions launched during the last five years.
 Thirdly, we wanted to reach more customers and aim to generate at least 50% of our sales
 leads digitally.
 This goal was achieved as more than 60% of our new leads were generated digitally.
 And finally, we want to be a strong voice on the world stage
 for the ever-increasing need of sustainable solutions.
 we wanted to take part
 in at least three global events linked to sustainability
 and by participating at the World Economic Forum,
 the UN Global Compact Leaders
 and the COP26 in Glasgow, we also reach our target for this key progress area.
 Executing on our strategy remains a top priority here in 2022
 and pre-key progress areas for us are achieving key milestones
 in the construction of the new production line
 for Advanced Protein Solutions.
 in Blair, Nebraska.
 leverage the recent acquisitions
 and deliver double-digit growth in human health.
 Continue to strengthen our commercial setup also by initiating investments in the first customer co-creation center.
 And finally, we will secure that we keep diligent focus on prioritizing in our core business, making sure we deliver on our short as long as our long-term commitments.
 Novos Ames
 is in a unique position to drive change towards a healthier planet.
 and as a company we have
 a responsibility to make this happen
 We have built an even stronger foundation over the past two years.
 and with our 60-year legacy
 in Understanding Biotechnology,
 we are committing to grow our business
 sustainably, making a lasting
 difference to the world and to all our stakeholders. And with these words, please let's now begin
 the Q&A session. Operator,
 please begin
 Thank you.
 If you wish to ask a question, please dial 01 on your telephone keypad now to enter the queue.
 Once your name has been announced, you can ask your question.
 If you find it answered before it's your turn to speak, you can dial 02 to cancel.
 Our first question comes from the line of Gunther Seckman of Bernstein.
 Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Hi, good morning, everyone.
 And a few questions from my side.
 the first one is on a comment that you have in your release around the right
 where you say that you expect NOPAT in 2022 to be lower and that explains the lower-Reich
 guidance.
 can I just confirm that because if I take the midpoint of your organic growth
 guidance with the Danish krona guidance on top and an average margin even at
 the higher tax rate of 22% in 2022.
 I get to about a flat notepad,
 So I'd like to understand why you have an assumption there
 that you have a lower notepad in 2022.
 The second one, I was intrigued by your comments on pricing
 to pass on the higher raw material costs.
 Can you give us some guidance, what you've already seen in the field and what you're expecting to see in 2022?
 too, because it's not usually
 at the end time market
 There's not usually one where you see positive pricing.
 And so some commentary there would be very helpful.
 And then lastly, one for Tina, if I can sneak that one in as well.
 you sound very bullish on bioac
 usually at the beginning of the year you have a wide guidance range a wider guidance range in bio ag
 What gives you the confidence for the strong growth that early in the year already in biohack, please?
 Thank you, Gunther, for these very good questions.
 I'll comment on pricing and then pass it to Lars for building on your comments on ROIC and then Tina on Bioac.
 So on pricing, what gives us the confidence?
 I mean, we have not started the journey on pricing today.
 This is a long journey that we have already been working, if you remember, already since the time, for sure, since I have been in the team.
 and we start seeing the benefits of those
 focus last year and this year we're doubling
 our energy in this segment.
 We live in extraordinary circumstances with rapidly increasing raw material prices.
 as you've seen, have you heard
 last saying
 and we did a fantastic job this year plowing and postponing the impact
 of this high-increased raw material
 till Q4, but we're not immune.
 and this opens a fantastic
 situation for environment
 and for our discussions and conversations with our customers
 as contracts expire, as contracts sunset,
 to bring up the discussion on value, on price on the table,
 and we're aiming for a space
 where we're going to move into a positive impact from pricing in gross margin.
 but then, yes, overcome by the higher raw material price increases
 and then overall still with a slightly compaction of gross margin of 1.5 to 2%.
 And then I'll pass it to you, Lars.
 Yes, thanks Esther
 and
 Günder
 do your
 question on Roik
 clearly the biggest
 impact on the lower
 return on investor capital is coming
 from the invested capital component
 where the acquired assets from our acquisitions is increasing the invested capital number.
 So the notepad is the smaller impact, and, of course, our guidance is sort of a range on a number of parameters,
 and so, therefore, our comments should be seen in that light.
 I think the key point is that the biggest impact on ROIC is coming from invested capital.
 And then I'll answer on the agriculture and animal health and nutrition comment and the bioact specifically.
 So, yes, we do guide a relatively broad range here from high single-digit growth to the low teens.
 and if we
 if we just take a step back in that area
 and in these ag-exposed areas, the growth drivers is both innovation,
 its market penetration, its sustainability, and then there's also support when the commodity
 prices are high, given that what we deliver is a yield benefit and that has more value
 in a high commodity market.
 kit.
 And if you look at the performance in 2021 in agriculture and animal health and nutrition, then you have to remember it was a flat performance.
 You have to remember the 60 million, which we saw in 2020.
 and also
 we grew 7%
 in Q4.
 So we are on a strong trajectory, and we also think there is some timing, and that is supporting the high expectation for 2022.
 Thank you.
 Next question, please.
 Thank you
 That comes from the line of Michael Novod at Nordea.
 please go ahead
 The bottom line is open.
 Yeah, thanks a lot. Just two questions.
 one to
 Greentech, maybe Tina
 You've previously talked about the impact from end times to COVID-19 testing.
 Maybe we could just detail for us also how much of growth was impacted by this in Q4 in 2021 and how much is expected in 2022.
 and then secondly
 to Lars regarding
 capex so is
 Should we assume that 2022 levels are the peak
 or would there be one more sort of significantly elevated
 and then sort of fading off from there.
 Thanks a lot.
 Tina, Anna, Lars.
 Yeah, so in grain and tech, if you look at both for the year and the quarter, then roughly 70% of the segment is coming from grain and 30% is coming from tech.
 And that means that – and within the tech segment, as you know, we have many different businesses.
 So diagnostics is a small part of that.
 So it is a small impact.
 And on CapEx, we guided in the Capital Markets Day back in September for a CapEx-to-Sales ratio of around 10% through the period to 2025.
 And then on top of that, we have our advanced protein facility in Blair.
 Now, the latter is roughly 2 billion kroner in total over the three-year period, 21 to 23.
 and we recorded roughly 200 million in 2021.
 Another 1 billion is expected here in 2022.
 And so this leaves a residual roughly 800 million for 2023.
 three. The good thing
 we have progress in line
 with our plans, but
 exactly how the
 recording of the CapEx plays out
 of course, subject to a bit of one
 certainty. So this is
 our expectations
 right now
 So you have to add that residual component of roughly 800 million to the 10% also in 2023.
 Sure, understood. Thanks a lot.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nicola Tang at Exan BNB Paribas. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Everyone asked questions.
 It was a few on household care, actually.
 I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the reduced demand in Europe and private label issues.
 I know we were talking about them back at Q3, but can you confirm that the European issues are still sort of related to down trading?
 and when you think about your guidance
 for the two to four percent for 2022, can you just clarify or explain what you're factoring
 for both those two elements.
 And then the second question, still on household care,
 We've seen a bit of news flow around activism and restructuring
 at one of your big household care customers
 that you knew that
 and in the past I think in the industry when we've had activist cases or cost-cutting um it's led to
 lower levels of customer innovation
 and reformulation.
 So I was wondering whether you see this as a risk or whether you're seeing anything,
 whether you see a sort of risk this time around for you
 or what has changed in the household landscape versus a couple of years ago.
 Thanks.
 Thank you, Nicola and Hannes.
 Could you please take those questions?
 Yeah, so thanks. Let me start with Europe and what's going on.
 So the result of the performance in the retail market was that laundry,
 which is by far our largest single segment, is down 5% on volume.
 And the way we look at it, it's a few different sort of trends that's going on.
 was she cost the most
 they are trading down to lower tiered brands.
 We also see that customers are washing a little bit less than what they did last year.
 And then, of course, we see the private label segment being under a lot of stress.
 And stress comes in different forms.
 It comes with two of our mid-sized customers that have gone out of business.
 But it also comes in a way where you can see that they're actually losing substantially more than the big brands.
 And our exposure to the private label market has traditionally been quite strong.
 So from that perspective, we also get quite some challenge in Europe.
 And I think when you look at the guidance for the full year, looking at household care,
 Europe is actually the single and only area compared to our plants
 that delivers the deficit to
 our original guidance.
 So that's what's going on.
 looking ahead
 on Europe
 We plan for a flat European market next year.
 We believe that we have sort of seen the bottom of this.
 We also believe that the private label pain that we saw, that that will travel to other private labels.
 So for us, that's, I think, a good belief that we've seen the bottom of the European market.
 Now, if we turn to the next question, it's difficult.
 And, of course, I can only speculate and I can tell you what had what happened in the past.
 Of course, we've seen investor pressure coming in,
 and it has shown itself in different shapes and forms.
 And this time around, I think it's uncertain to say what's going to happen to Unilever.
 We know that Unilever is on a journey where they are really driving sustainability hard.
 We have very strong conversations and also a very strong pipeline with Unilever.
 And I'm pretty sure that some of that will come through.
 It's too early to tell if there's going to be any negative impact.
 Right now, we don't see it, and our conversations are positive towards growth and innovation.
 I think that's it.
 Very well said, Hannes.
 Nicola, you did not really implicitly ask for it, but I would like to build on Hannah's comments on what gives us the trust on the 2.4 guidance and also on the long-term growth.
 it is for once
 the very strong penetration of freshness
 that we see the broad lunches sticking
 and contributing to the growth and also contributors to the growth of 2022,
 the continued penetration of our solutions
 in emerging geographies that they do
 grueless this year
 and they will continue to grow
 and then the strong momentum
 and the pull for our customers for sustainable solutions replacing chemicals in detergents.
 All these parameters, they make us confident that there is a growing path
 and that we are moving in the right direction to that growth path.
 Next question, please. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the line of Lars Topham of Carnegie.
 please go ahead
 to your line
 is open.
 Yes,
 congrats with another strong
 quarter. A couple of questions on my side
 to the guidance
 Since you're passing on input cost inflation, at least partly, I just wonder to what extent that boosts your organic growth guidance.
 And in line with that, both you, Esther, and Lars mentioned that you were off to a strong beginning of 2022.
 So I just wonder what you mean by that
 and if this implies the year is going to be front-end loaded.
 and then a second question
 goes on alternative proteins
 because earlier in the year you sent out a press release
 mentioning that you would like to sort of drive the creation of
 microprotein
 industry body, or I don't know
 what the right word is,
 is, to my knowledge, you don't have any significant microprotein products in the market.
 Am I wrong?
 Is this something that is going to come?
 why are you doing this and should we
 expect
 Any microprotein announcements going forward?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Lars, for your very kind comments.
 Yes, we feel very pleased with the results and also that we expect a good start for the year.
 I'll let Lars answer your first question, and then Amy, I'll follow up on your second one.
 Yeah, so on our assumptions on pricing, our 2022 outlook includes a net neutral impact from price on the top line.
 we benefit from
 our
 targeted price increases
 but we have also included some volume loss risks.
 so that's how we have
 built our guidance for
 the year. While the net
 effect on top line is neutral.
 We expect a minor positive contribution to the gross margin.
 and
 And as Sester explained earlier on, we are looking to effectuate these price increases as contracts expire.
 so our commentary on on being off or expecting to be off to a good start
 it's important to understand
 that wording of expecting to be off to a good start
 so we are really commenting on the fact
 that for the first quarter
 and for the beginning of the year
 We see and expect the momentum we had in the last part of 2021 to continue into 2022,
 and therefore just trying to set the expectations for our first reporting of Q1 in April.
 So, does this imply around a 7% organic growth rate for Q1?
 So that we are not commenting on, Lars.
 We are just saying that we have 3% to 7% for the year, and then that we are expecting a good start to the year.
 But you grew 7% in the end of 2021.
 And if you're implying that growth is continuing, wouldn't that bring Q1 in, at least in the high end of your guidance range?
 or my completely misunderstanding
 what you were telling me.
 So what I was saying is that we were continuing the same momentum from Q4.
 I didn't say we would have exactly the same gross rates.
 so
 I think if anything we are
 saying that we expect the first
 quarter of the year to be at least
 on average for the full year
 growth and I think that's as far as
 we can help you on the first quarter expectations.
 Fair enough.
 enough. And if I take the second question,
 allows around alternative proteins.
 Maybe to put this into context, our alternative proteins developments really fall into the two categories, if I link it back to the strategy.
 The first one in the expand space, which is our investment in Blair and everything we're doing in that area, which would be hitting us within the next three years in terms of really scaling up into growth.
 And then we have a piece of what we're working on, which is into our explore category from a strategic perspective, which is really looking at 2025 and beyond.
 And that's really where the microproteins falls into play.
 So the announcement we made last year was around an open call for innovation around
 And MicroProtein is really looking to couple the work that we're doing internally from an innovation perspective with outside innovation and creating an environment and a network to accelerate innovation in the area.
 So we don't have anything that you should be expecting in the next year.
 this is really about that explore area
 into mycoproteins for the long-term growth.
 But, Imogen,
 just to follow up on that
 doesn't that mean it would be
 fair to assume that if we take
 a sort of five-year perspective.
 your alternative
 protein portfolio five years from now should be significantly broader than
 and what you have already announced and are investing specifically in Blair?
 I think that's fair from an aspiration perspective, right?
 So, I mean, what we've announced with Blair would be that three years following the startup, we would reach a billion DKK of sales.
 this microprotein space would be beside that.
 but, again, on a longer-term basis.
 Thank you very much, Amy.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alex Jones of Bank of America.
 Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Thank you very much for taking my questions.
 The truth on that piece.
 first on the margin
 this quarter
 So I think you talked about 400 basis points lower underlying EBIT margin year on year due to sales and distribution.
 Could you give us a bit more color on exactly what in sales and distribution expenses increased
 and how we should think about that going into 2022.
 and second question on
 food, beverage, and health.
 You talked about sort of raw mat optimization
 and ingredient replacement in bakery
 having a positive impact both in 2021 and expected in 2022.
 Could you give us a bit more colour on sort of how that depends on, say, crop commodity
 prices versus how much
 is a structural evolution of the banking
 industry. Thank you. Excellent.
 Thank you. Very, very good questions, Alex.
 Lars, if you could answer the first one
 And then Hannah's built on the dynamics on biking.
 Thank you.
 Yes, absolutely.
 so
 our operational
 expenses in the fourth quarter
 were significantly higher than they were in the beginning of the year.
 and this we called out actually already in our release of the second quarter
 that we were expecting higher operational costs in the second half.
 and the majority of those hit in the fourth quarter.
 So what they were, for example, in commercial investments we had in our One Health areas
 where we had significant investments in cross-channel and cross-geography promotion
 and new product launches building on our acquisitions of the two and now three companies in the area.
 we initiated a number of clinical trials
 and we also
 across the businesses
 not only in the area of One Health, but also in the other areas, had significant investments in digital solutions.
 so those were some of the key factors
 that impacted the fourth quarter spent primarily in the sales and distribution area.
 And when we look forward to 2022, then the fourth quarter of last year is not the appropriate benchmark for how 2022 would look like.
 So as we said on the gross margin, we expect it for the year to be 1.5% to 2% at this point lower than what we saw for 2021.
 maybe to give you an idea
 of the other line items
 then admin cost is probably a good assumption to be in line with history at 5% to 6%.
 We have historically had R&D costs of 13, S&D 11 to 12.
 But on the latter two, we have consciously chosen to shift a bit of our resources from R&D to S&D.
 so I think you will probably see a slightly higher S&D ratio
 maybe closer to 12 or 12-ish, and R&D may be still in line with the 13 or so.
 So I think that is maybe a good way to think about how the cost composition would be in 2022 and arriving at an EBIT margin of 25 to 26 percent.
 And on food and beverages, I'll just expand a little bit on how growth is composed in 21.
 so the major driver
 for us was
 very strong underlying demand
 and innovation and market penetration
 That made up more than two-thirds of the growth in food and beverages.
 Then we saw, especially in the brewing space, some recovery that also supported growth.
 And then we come to raw material optimization.
 And absolutely, as you highlight, that was mainly in baking.
 What happened in baking was that we saw shortages of certain raw materials like vital wheat gluten.
 We saw quite some inflationary pressure on ascorbic acid, emulsifiers, and so on.
 And then you can ask, well, does this stick?
 We believe when we talk to customers that it is actually quite sticky, and that's a business that will continue.
 Our estimate says it's between two-thirds and three-fourths of this that will stick.
 And the reason we believe it will stick is that customers, they use it to sort of drive clean label claims.
 They, of course, also do it because of the stability of cost.
 And then there is some pain associated to make these reformulations.
 so all of that makes us quite confident
 that what we have seen of reformulation and optimization
 will actually remain in 22 and the years to come.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 And our next question comes from the line of Soren Samso of SCB.
 Please go out. Your line is open.
 Yes, good morning. Just two questions from my side. First, to Lars, regarding the marching
 bridge from the 27% and underlying in 2021 to the 26.5 if you could charge
 give us the components
 bridge that gap
 And then secondly, you had quite impressively 14 product launches in 2021, or solutions, you can say.
 Could you highlight the most important ones in terms of sales growth contribution over the next five years?
 Thank you.
 Lars.
 which we believe will be 1.5 to 2 percentage points lower than what we saw in 2021.
 we are also
 continuing to invest
 in our business and therefore
 as I just
 outlined with our expectations or
 at least the way you can think about
 some of the individual cost lines
 We are still investing also in both sales and distribution and also R&D on a growing top line.
 so we don't see any
 significant other ordinary
 items in the
 in our
 2022 numbers
 so those would be the significant
 drivers of the margin
 arriving
 from the 27% last year
 to 25-26%
 in 2022
 and to your second
 one question.
 we
 we make 14 lunches
 we love them all
 that it's hard to choose
 which is the one that we feel more proud of
 they are all contributing to what it has been already also a trajectory
 of where innovation continues to be a strong contributor of our growth.
 30% of our sales this year
 They were coming for launches we made in the last five years.
 But if you ask me where would you see that contributing in the future, it will be across all fronts.
 So from one side, we have very high expectations on our launches in animal nutrition, including the latest launch we have made in Euphorios for animal nutrition.
 very strong
 a trend and a momentum
 we mentioned on freshness
 with a broad launch
 that continues to contribute to the
 to contribute to growth in household care.
 very good momentum in
 human health, a very high
 level of cross-fertilization
 on the acquisitions that we brought in
 and also the tangible example from innovation, from our innovation muscle,
 and then also cross-fertilization across the globe.
 And then lastly, not to mention, a strong trend in the market for consumers for healthier foods.
 some by replacement of chemicals
 or ingredients
 as Hannes mentioned
 but the strong also driver for nutritional changing habits
 in seeking for plant-based solutions where our enzymes contribute.
 If you couple that with also a stronger penetration in emerging geographies,
 I have to close your question saying we love them all
 and we're pleased with a 30% contribution of innovation
 and we know that innovation is a key contributor of our long-term growth.
 Thanks for that.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sam Perry at Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Hi, guys.
 Thank you for taking my question.
 If I look at your two-year stack organic growth, your 22 guide at the mid to upper end implies double-digit to mid-team growth on a two-year basis.
 This is a level that hasn't been seen on a two-year basis since pre-2015
 when commodity prices were also much higher.
 Similarly, if I look at the midpoint of your sales and EBIT growth, the EBIT guide for
 22 is broadly in line with
 2016 despite having some acquisitions. So I guess my question is how much of your ability to print
 these higher growth and earnings
 numbers do you think is based on
 changes you've made
 to the business over the past five years, a new innovation, and how much is based on
 increasing soft commodity prices and customers reformulating towards enzyme-based products.
 Thank you.
 We thank you.
 Thank you for your question.
 we have a launch
 as you recall, our strategy in September.
 and a lot of the fruits that we're seeing today are already from the work made on the past,
 but also from the steps we're taking for the implementation of the strategy.
 It's a combination of both.
 We're just capitalizing on the headwinds that we're seeing in the market.
 We're not shy of that.
 But then also many of those ones, they are sticky as they stay.
 We know that once you tried our solutions, then our customers fall in love with the value propositions of sustainability that we bring in.
 And that's true across all fronts in animal nutrition, where we bring beyond increased
 protein enhancement, also lower
 manure, like in baking where
 we're moving into natural
 and
 in
 formulation and clean labels
 enabling or the
 detergents are leading to washing consumers who can wash at lower temperatures and replacing chemicals.
 So there is good momentum.
 We're capitalizing on that, but there is a lot of self-help, and the self-help comes
 from proactive investments
 we've made in emerging geographies
 on assets, on people, on labs.
 The self-help also comes from acquisitions that we have made in human health to maximize
 a potential that we have as a biotech company
 and to contribute to the world in a very rapidly growing trend on healthier needs.
 Same will be for plant-based proteins on the investments we've made on Blair,
 we're making on Blair
 That's one of the key milestones also for this year
 to move ahead with those investments
 and that will be a contributor also for the future growth.
 Great. Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 This question comes from the line of Charles Bentley at Jefferies.
 Please go ahead.
 Your line is open.
 Thank you for my questions.
 So I just have two.
 So one is just on the comments around household care that Europe has already bottomed and private label, you'll see the shifting.
 I mean, is this what you're already seeing in Q1?
 because the guide implies kind of an acceleration versus the Q4 exit rate.
 So I just want to understand whether this is what you can already see in January
 and then coming through the order book for the rest of the fourth quarter,
 or does this assume that this picks up at some point?
 And then secondly, just another question on the kind of Q4 margins and the commercial investments you've mentioned.
 And, I mean, it seems to suggest there's something like $100 million of costs in Q4.
 I think previously you suggested it would be something like 300 million total.
 Is that right?
 And then kind of related to that,
 what's the likely phasing
 on the remaining costs.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Charles.
 I'll let Hannes answer your first question, and then last, can you build up on the second one?
 Thank you.
 So, of course, we have one month in the books, and it confirms what I said before, that we believe that Europe will look around flat, maybe slight growth.
 So that's what we see now, and that's also what we see in the order books.
 And I would say on the spend in the fourth quarter, I don't know, but I assume the $300 million you refer to is the costs that we carved out all the way back in 2019 when we started to sort of reshape our cost structures towards sales and distribution.
 I think now we are almost
 three years later, and I think it becomes
 It's very difficult to separate what was carved out and what is now invested where.
 So I would maybe rather look at our commitment to continue to invest in our business,
 which we also do and imply in our guidance here for 2022.
 and then we have also provided
 the long-term guidance back in the capital markets day
 that we aim for an EBIT margin of 26% in 2025 or above
 and no individual year going below 25.
 And that's what we are guiding for here in 2022 with a continued investment in our business to support the organic sales growth.
 great thank you very much
 We have time for one more, one last question, please.
 thank you
 And that comes from the line of Sebastian Bray at Berenberg Bank.
 please go ahead
 your line is open.
 Hello, good morning, and thank you for taking my questions.
 on gross margin development.
 I can understand why the current raw material environment
 would mean that the outlook is, let's say, downwards for 2022.
 What makes me curious is what the company thinks of as its mid- to long-term gross margin, i.e. if price recovery is good enough, do we get 100 to 150 basis points back?
 is there anything in 2023 onwards is there anything to suggest that the current decline
 in gross margins may prove permanent as opposed to temporary.
 And secondly, a quick question on plant-based meat and products.
 if I say as a rough guess
 I think Novozymes is making a little less
 than 100 million DKK in this area on an annualized basis?
 Am I getting warm?
 Thank you, Sebastian. Good morning, and I'll let Lars answer your questions.
 yes thanks Sebastian
 And so right now, we are, like many other companies, impacted by the higher input costs.
 and therefore we are guiding
 to a lower gross margin
 you know, 1.5 to 2 percentage points.
 We are also saying that we are taking actions to pass on some of those higher input costs to our customers over time,
 and therefore we see a small positive contribution
 from that pricing initiative on our gross margin.
 and then I would say we are
 We are still continuing to see the productivity improvements, as we have seen for years and years and years,
 leveraging the scale
 and the volume growth in our facilities.
 so in the long term
 We still see potential to expand gross margin from productivity, from scale.
 And then we will see how the future develops, both in terms of input costs and also in terms of price discussions.
 but the fundamental
 factors that enables us to
 see gross margin
 Expansion
 Those are in
 And then, of course, there are more parameters like we now experience in 2022, which will determine the actual gross margin in the individual year.
 Thank you Lars
 And that closes the session.
 others
 Oh, sorry, Hannes.
 Yes, please build up the second question.
 I think there was a question around protein, and let me just expand on that.
 I'll not give you a specific guidance on how much we sell
 and whether 100 million is warm or cold.
 But what we do, we have a sizable business on protein extraction and protein modification
 that relates to meat patties, both delivering on taste and texture and reduction of salt.
 It's a business that's growing very, very nicely right now.
 and of course one when you look at the trends
 we have a lot of hope and faith
 will continue to grow for no enzymes.
 and now yes
 thank you very much
 all for your questions. Thank you
 for your time and looking forward,
 continue the conversations with you,
 with many of you in the forecoming days.
 Wishing you a very nice day.
 Thank you.