 Welcome to the NovaSIMES Q4 conference call.
 Throughout the call, all participants will be in listen only mode, so there's no need to
 mutual and individual lines, and afterwards there'll be a question and answer session.
 Today, I'm pleased to present to be as Cornelius Bjorkland, Head of Investor Relations.
 Please look in your Mason.
 Thank you operator and welcome everyone to Novosibirth's
 full year 2021 conference call.
 My name is Tobias Birkeland and I'm the head of Investor Relations here at NovoSIMES as
 mentioned.
 At this call, our CEO, Esther Bajé, and our CFO, Lars Green, will go through our performance
 key events of 2021, as well as the outlook for 2022. Also present at this call are Tina Feiner,
 EVP Agriculture and Industrial Biosolutions, Amy Byrik, EVP Strategy and Business Transformation, Anders Lund, EVP Consumer Biosolutions and also Klaus Fulsang, CSO, EVP of Research and Development.
 The entire call will take about 50 minutes,
 including time for questions at the end.
 Before we begin, I would like to remind you
 that the information presented during the call
 is unordited and that management may make forward-looking statements.
 statements are based on current expectations and beliefs and involve risks and uncertainties
 that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in any forward
 looking statement.
 With that, I now leave the hand to C.R.C.O.
 Esther Basche.
 Thank you, Tobias, and thank you all for calling in.
 Please turn into slide number two.
 I'm very pleased with our performance in 2021.
 We delivered strong sales, earnings and non-financial numbers, and advanced our business in accordance
 with our refreshed strategy, Unlocking Growth, powered by Biotech, that will launch last
 September. Organic sales grew 6% and benefitting from our diversified portfolio. Performance
 was particularly strong in food, beverages, and human health.
 in bioenergy and in grain and tech processing.
 All three business areas delivered strong double-digit growth.
 household care declined slightly
 and agricultural and animal health and nutrition was flat.
 And when both business areas were soft,
 They were roughly in line with our latest expectations
 for the full year.
 Over the past couple of years, we have invested in our
 commercial activities, especially in emerging markets.
 And it's very, very encouraging to see the sales here growing by an impressive 18 percent.
 in the developed markets also grew, although at a more moderate rate.
 Sustainability, it's part of our DNA here at Novozymes.
 And I'm very pleased to say that we are on track to meet
 12 of our 30 non-financial targets.
 Well, the targets are for 2022.
 we actually exceed it.
 several of them already in 2021.
 The benefits to the world from the use of our products are something we are all very proud of.
 And we embrace the responsibility to be at the forefront of the movement for a healthier
 planet as a company with a strong purpose.
 We are committed to support the transition through as a climate-neutral society, and
 In 2021, 77% of our revenue was generated from products that contribute to lowering CO2
 to emissions by reducing the use of fossil-based resources
 and by reducing waste.
 Another key to achieve a more sustainable world is to
 to transform food systems.
 In 2021, 35% of our revenue came from products enabling our food production systems to produce
 small food from less and improved nutrition and quality.
 Additionally, we strongly committed to enabling healthier lives and 5% of our full year revenue
 came from products that enable a better health for people around the world.
 around the world.
 From an innovation perspective, 2021 was another strong year with the launch of market leading
 products such as pristine, which is the broad market phrase in the solution, and Prague
 which improves the gestability of proteins for animals.
 In total, we launched 14 products during 2021, including six in the fourth quarter alone.
 This is much in line with previous years.
 Turning to our financials, we delivered a strong EBIT margin and ROIC, including Goodwill,
 as well as a strong free cash flow.
 And while reinvesting significantly
 in commercial activities,
 making several acquisitions and increasingly experience
 the head ones from higher input costs towards the end of the year.
 Executing on our strategy has been our number one priority in 2021.
 after acquiring MicroM Labs and the Bayota technology asset
 in the first quarter, we took another important step
 to advance our bio health business in the fourth quarter
 with acquisition of Synergy Alive Science.
 Synergy is a leading developer and manufacturer of sports probiotics and natural vitamin K-27.
 and it will play a key role for us in expanding our position in human health and also in functional foods.
 Also, in the fourth quarter, we enter into a very exciting collaboration with Saipan
 on enzymatic carbon capture, and continue the construction of the new state-of-the-art production
 for advanced protein solutions in Brea, Nebraska, in the U.S.
 The steps we have taken during the last couple of years sets us up to deliver another good
 year in 2022, and we expect to be off to a good start for the year.
 In 2022, we expect sales to grow by 3% to 7% organically, with growth across all business
 areas, sales in Dennis Krohner is expected to be around 3 percentage points higher.
 The EBIT margin is expected at a solid 25 to 26 despite significant pressure from higher
 input costs. And lastly, we expect ROIC including Goodwill to end between 16% and 17%, while
 While the free cash flow before acquisitions is expected between 1.7 to 2.1 billion Danish
 corner.
 including a significant uptick in capex,
 mainly driven by the new production line in Blair.
 And with that overview, let's now look at each of the five business areas in more detail,
 and starting with household care.
 Could you please turn to slide number three?
 Thank you.
 Household Care
 declined by 1% organically in 2021.
 The soft-full-year performance came against a strong performance in 2020.
 emerging markets perform well, supported by investments to expand our commercial footprint
 and Taylor solutions resulting in an increased enzymatic penetration.
 Our sales in developed markets declined.
 As a European consumer, the demand was significantly lower than expected.
 performance further worsened in the second half of the year,
 where also two mid-sized private label players went out of businesses.
 The freshness technology performed well and in line with expectations.
 It was made available across multiple countries in Europe and the broad market solution was
 successfully launched in the third quarter. Sales in the fourth quarter declined 3% organically.
 Similar to the full-year performance, emerging markets perform well, while Europe in particular
 continue to decline for the same reasons as mentioned for the full year.
 While the 1% decline in 2021 was not satisfactory, an average annual growth of a rate of 2% over
 For the past two years is a meaningful step in the right direction.
 Looking ahead, we expect sales in household care to grow by 2% to 4% in 2022.
 All this is expected to be driven by increased market penetration in emerging markets by
 freshness as well as in the non-laundry areas of professional and medical
 cleaning and in this wash. As mentioned, we launched the broad market version of freshness
 technology in 2021.
 This was a significant milestone, and freshness is expected to increasingly contribute to
 growth as the year progresses as well as in the years to come.
 Could you please turn into slide number 4?
 Thank you.
 Our food, beverages and human health businesses had an excellent year and the team has done
 a terrific job in executing on the strategic direction while also capitalizing on the supportive
 market conditions.
 grew 14% organically in 2021.
 with all three main categories growing by double digits.
 Growth in food was mainly driven by market penetration, and the man was particularly
 is thrown for health-focused solutions such as acrylamide reduction in baking,
 sugar reduction in dairy and solution for plant-based protein extraction in a
 addition, baking benefited, to some extent, from rheumatoid
 optimization, and ingredient substitution.
 The beverages perform well and outgrew the underlying market while also benefitting from
 recovery in global B.A. volumes. Growth in human health was very strong and driven by
 by cross-selling and geographical expansion.
 In the fourth quarter, sales group 13% organically.
 the performance was led by foot, by foot.
 beverages grew slightly and was somehow impacted
 by the stocking, where is human health performed well.
 and according to the expectations.
 Also, in the fourth quarter, we strengthened and accelerated our bio health business by
 acquiring a majority stake in Synergia life science and as I've already mentioned.
 Let me now turn to the outlook.
 In 2022 we expect organic sales in food, beverages, and human health to grow by a high single
 digit rate, with all soup areas contributing to growth.
 Those in food will be driven by market penetration, supported by health-focused solutions and
 on rheumatial optimization in ingredient substitution.
 For our beverages, we expect growth on top of the double-digit growth in 2021, and for
 For human health, we expect continued solid double-digit growth, driven by innovation,
 selling and regional expansion.
 Please, turn into slide number five.
 Thank you.
 Fully assailed in bioenergy grew 11% organically.
 The strong performance was driven by the recovery of U.S. ethanol production, growth from innovation,
 capacity expansion of corn-based ethanol production in Latin America and market penetration with
 enzymatic solutions for biodiesel production.
 Putting the US development a bit into context,
 It's important to remember that U.S. gasoline demand and ethanol production were severely
 disrupted during 2020.
 U.S. ethanol production rates gradually recovered during 2021, but still remain lower than the
 the 2019 pre-COVID level.
 Organic sales in the fourth quarter grew 10%.
 driven by the same factors as already mentioned
 for the full year performance.
 Additionally, sales benefit from growth market conditions for ethanol producers with some
 of the biggest crash margins in almost a decade.
 decade. For 2022, we expect sales to grow by low to middle single digits and is
 In 2021, growth continues to be driven by the recovery of U.S. ethanol production, innovation
 capacity expansion in Latin America as well as market penetration in biodiesel and as
 As a final note,
 The past two years have been unusually volatile for the ethanol industry, and uncertainties
 related to the pandemic and volatile market conditions are still present.
 This is also why bioenergy covers a relatively broad range of wine, broadly, a growth range.
 Please turn into slide number six.
 Thank you.
 grain and attack processing sales grew 13% organically in 2021.
 Sales in growth grain and in tech grew by double digits with strong performance across sub-areas.
 The growth in grain was led by market penetration with solutions for vegetable oil processing,
 innovation in starch, particularly in grain milling, as well as an increase in market
 demand for starch-derived products, especially in emerging markets.
 Group primarily due to the recovering sales in textile following the negative COVID-19 impact in 2020.
 Good performance in areas such pulp and papal, leather and diagnostic enzymes for the pharmaceutical
 industry.
 contribute it to the full year performance.
 four quarter sales grew by 15% organically.
 The performance was also broad-based in the quarter with the growth being
 filled by innovation and high-end market demand in start-to-derived products.
 penetration in vegetable oil processing and sales of diagnostic enzymes for
 pharma.
 looking at 2022.
 the development is expected to be more moderate compared to 2021.
 Thus, we expect the sales performance to range from flat to low-single-digit growth.
 will be led by continued market penetration in vegetable oil processing and from innovation
 in starch, such as for grain milling.
 Similar to the situation in bioenergy, the relatively large uncertainty related to the
 pandemic and the volatile market conditions are affecting the
 way, we see prospects for grain and tech processing.
 Hence, we have applied a relatively broad sales range
 for this business area as well.
 Could you please turn to slide number seven?
 Organic sales in agricultural and animal health and nutrition ended the year flat, despite
 a negative base effect from 60 million one-off in the second quarter of 2020, related to
 to the former bio accent up.
 Sales in animal health and nutrition grew primarily from increased market penetration,
 driven by innovations such as Valencius and Prague 360.
 Cells in agricultural decline to the aforementioned base effect and increase if adjusted to it.
 The justice performance was driven by market penetration led by Latin America.
 Four quarter sales grew 7% organically.
 growth was as strong as in animal health and nutrition,
 with increased demand for both protein and health solutions.
 Sales in Agricultural also grew, driven by higher demand for bio-yield solutions.
 In 2022, we expect organic cells in agricultural animal health and nutrition to grow in the
 high single digits to glow things. Groves will be led by agricultural, which is expected
 to grow at double-digit rate.
 good market conditions and beneficial sustainability pull
 is expected to benefit a higher usage of inoculants.
 And this, combined with innovation and a refined go-to-market model, will enable increased
 market penetration of both bio-yield and biocontrol solutions.
 health and nutrition, sales are also expected to grow, full mainly by innovation and market
 driven volume growth supported by favorable market conditions.
 And with that, I'll land over to Lars
 for a review of the financials.
 Lars, please.
 Thank you, Esther. Let me start by reviewing the performance of our sustainability and
 and non-financial targets.
 please turn to slide number eight.
 with our refreshed strategy,
 Unlocking growth powered by biotech, we made new long-term commitments to accelerate to
 towards a climate-neutral society,
 transform food systems and enable healthier lives.
 We also significantly raised the bar by including scope 3 emissions, in addition to scope 1
 in our CO2 savings target for 2030.
 The 2022 non-financial targets from 2019 are still valid and serve as milestones on our long-term journey.
 And it's encouraging to see that we are on track to meet 12 out of the 13 targets we
 defined back in 2019.
 As the non-financial targets are coming to an end here in 2022, we are also committing
 to communicate the progress and milestones we have we have to watch our long-term targets
 for 2030 and 2050.
 We'll hear more about this during the year.
 Now please turn to slide number nine for a review of our financial performance
 The performance in 2021 was highly satisfactory,
 meeting or exceeding all targets set out at the beginning of the year.
 In addition, we successfully integrated two companies,
 acquired a third and launched our strategy
 unlocking growth powered by biotech.
 Sales grew 6% organically and 7% in reported Danish corona and included a 2% point contribution
 from M&A and roughly a 1% point headwind from currencies.
 in the fourth quarter grew 7% organically and 11% in Danish grown-up. The cross margin was strong
 at 57.7%, 170 basis points higher than the cross market in 2020. While many companies experience
 the impact from higher input costs already in 2021.
 NovoSign's unique productivity improvements and production excellence, including our leverage,
 allows for some alleviation of such changes in input costs.
 However, we are not immune to the significantly higher input cost and we started to see a
 a growing impact in the 4th quarter, when the gross margin came in at 56.1%.
 for 60 basis points above the fourth quarter of 2020, but around 200 basis points lower
 than for the first nine months of 2021.
 We saw the same beneficial operational factors throughout the year, with the addition of
 a supportive price mix and M&A contribution.
 The force-quarter year-on-year growth margin development was driven by the same factors
 as for the full year, with input costs becoming a stronger headwind in the quarter.
 The EBIT margin was solid at 26.8%.
 in line with expectations and 70 basis points higher than in 2020.
 Higher operating costs were more than offset by higher gross profit and an increase in
 other operating income.
 As implied by the 27% full year outlook, the fourth quarter EBIT margin was expected to
 be soft and the year and year decline was primarily due to increased operating costs
 which offset the improved cross margin.
 The fourth quarter increase in operating costs was as expected mainly due to higher sales
 and distribution spend, one of transaction costs and the recognition of acquisitions.
 is provided a slight headwind for the full year, but were marginally supportive in the
 fourth quarter. When adjusting for one-offs, the underlying FULIA EBIT margin for 2021
 around 27% and roughly on par with the underlying EBIT Martin for 2020.
 Further.
 comparing year-on-year margins, 2021 included close to a 1% point headwind from M&A and
 currencies compared to 2020.
 Then the fourth quarter, the underlying abit margin, when adjusted for both the transaction
 costs
 related to the acquisition of Synergia Life Sciences and the sale of a non-core building
 in Switzerland was around 22% compared to the 21% reported.
 Additionally, the fourth quarter included high operational costs, as expected, and included
 in the outlook of around 27% for the full year.
 That investments totaled 1.1 billion Danish Kroner, somewhat below expectations mainly
 due to timing in the fourth quarter.
 Three cash flow before acquisitions were solid at 2.9 billion Danish Kroner.
 Working capital
 changes and increased net investments, offset higher net profits and improved earnings quality.
 The lower year-on-year cash flow was much as expected, following the 2020 Biowag one-off
 and the previously highlighted timing effects that had a positive effect on working capital in 2020.
 The first quarter free cash flow was 200 million Danish kroner and roughly in line with expectations
 following higher networking capital as well as higher investments.
 Return on investor capital, including Goodwill, was 19.3% in 2021.
 This was 40 basis points higher than in 2020.
 improvement in ROIC was due to the higher net operating profit after tax, which more
 an offset and increase in average investor capital following the three acquisitions.
 Please turn to slide 10 for the 2022 outlook.
 We continue to invest and position ourselves to unlock NovoSIME's true, sustainable, long-term
 growth potential.
 Organic sales are expected to grow by 3-7% in 2022, and sales in Danish grown-up are
 I expected to be around 3% points higher.
 including roughly one percentage point from the acquisition of Synergia.
 The indicated ranges per business area are broader for the agricultural exposed areas, catering
 for higher implied and market volatility.
 The full indications per business area are in line with the overall 2025 targets presented
 at our recent Capital Markets Day.
 seen over the year.
 We expect performance to be off to a good start in 2022.
 The EBIT margin outlook for 2022 is between 25-26%, including an expectation of a slight
 year-on-year benefit from currencies.
 The margin will benefit from operational leverage, productivity improvements as well as targeted
 price increases.
 This is expected to be more than offset by significantly higher input costs and continued
 investments in the business.
 included in the outlook. The cross margin is assumed to decline by 1.5 to 2 percentage
 points in 2022 compared to the previous year.
 We are making a dedicated effort to pass on higher input costs, and while we expect this
 to have a net neutral impact on our year on year sales growth, the effort is expected
 to be supportive to the cross margin and it's included in the outlook.
 The free cash flow before acquisitions is expected at 1.7 to 2.1 billion Danish Kroner, including
 a significant step up in net investments to support our growth opportunities.
 That investments are expected at between 2.5 and 2.8 billion Danish Kronor.
 The increase in net investments reflects maintenance, expansion and optimization capex, as well
 us investments to support our ambitions in the food and health related areas.
 The amount we expect for net investments in 2022 includes roughly 1 billion kroner related
 through the Advanced Specialty Protein Facility in Blair.
 When adjusting for the protein investment, net investments add up to around 10 per cent
 capex to sales ratio, which is in line with what we communicated at our Capital Market
 The outlook for the return on investor capital, including Goodwill, is for 16-17%.
 Subject to approval at the annual shareholders' meeting in March, the dividend is proposed
 at five and a half Danish kroner per share.
 up by 5% from the year before and corresponding to a payout ratio of 48.5%.
 edition.
 A share buyback program of up to 500 million Danish Kroner has been approved for 2022.
 This is in line with our capital structure policy to return the free cash flow generated
 to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share buybacks, add a net debt to EBITDA
 ratio of around one. With this, I'll now hand back to Esther for a wrap up before we open
 not for questions.
 Esther, please.
 Thank you.
 Please turn to slide number 11.
 Thank you.
 I'm very pleased with the strong set of both financial and non-financial results that
 that we have delivered in 2021.
 We grew our sales 6% organically with double-digit growth in three of five business areas.
 We deliver solid earnings and cash flow, while still reinvesting significantly in the business.
 and we are on track to meet 12 out of the 13th of our non-financial targets.
 We expect the strong performance from 2021 to continue in 2022, and we are guiding for
 a three to seven percent organic cells growth with a solid EBIT margin that comes despite
 higher input costs. Both ROIC and cash flow are impacted by high investments to secure
 growth of the business.
 Our relatively broad range for sales growth allows us to navigate through
 through continued uncertainty related to the pandemic and volatile market conditions.
 similar to the way we position our outlook for 2021.
 At the beginning of 2021, we outlined four progress areas to allow you to follow our
 strategy execution from a different angle.
 One of them is
 was to engage in at least three large commercial art
 in the collaboration.
 This goal was achieved with the collaboration with Saipan,
 with a key player in the plant-based industry.
 and with FMC in Agricultural.
 The second progress area focused on commercializing innovation.
 This goal was also accomplished, as more than 30% of our sales were from solutions launched
 during the last five years.
 Thirdly, we wanted to reach more customers
 and aim to generate at least 50% of our sales leads digitally.
 This goal was achieved as more than 60% of our new leads
 were generated digitally.
 And finally, we want to be a strong voice
 on the world stage for the ever-increasing need
 of sustainable solutions.
 We wanted to take part in at least three global events
 link to sustainability and by participating at the World Economic
 Forum, the UN Global Compact Leaders, and the COP26 in Glasgow, we also reached our
 target for this key progress area.
 Executing on our strategy remains a top priority here in 2022, and pre-keep progress areas
 for us are achieving key milestones in the construction of the new production line for
 for advanced protein solutions in Blaire, Nebraska.
 leverage the recent acquisitions,
 and deliver double digit growth in human health.
 continue to strengthen our commercial setup,
 also by initiating investments
 in the first customer co-creation center.
 And finally, we will secure that we keep diligent focus
 on prioritizing in our core business,
 making sure we deliver on our short as long as our long-term commitments.
 Novozymes is in a unique position to drive change towards a healthier planet and as a
 com-
 we have a responsibility to make this happen.
 we have built an even stronger foundation over the past two years, and with our 60-year
 legacy in understanding biotechnology, we are committing to grow our business sustainably,
 making a lasting difference to the wall and to all our stakeholders.
 with this word. Please let's now begin the Q&A session. Operator, please begin.
 Thank you. If you wish to ask a question, please dial 0-1 on your telephone keypad now to enter the queue.
 Once your name has been announced, you can ask your question.
 If you find it's answered before it's your turn to speak, you can dial 0-2 to cancel.
 Our first question comes from the line of Gunther Seckman of Bernstein.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Hi, good morning, everyone. A few questions from my side.
 The first one is on a comment that you have in your release around the right
 you say that you expect no tax in 2022 to be lower, and that explains the lower
 ROIC guidance, can I just confirm that? Because if I take the midpoint of your organic growth
 guidance with the Danish Kroner guidance on top and an average margin, even at the higher
 tax rate of 22% in 2022. I get to about a flat notepad, so I'd like to understand why you have
 as an assumption now that you have a lower no-pot in 2022.
 This is the second one, I was intrigued by your comments on pricing to pass on the higher
 material costs. Can you give us some guidance what you've already seen in the field and what you're
 you're expecting to experience in 2022, because it's not usually at the end of the market,
 It's not usually one where you see positive pricing.
 So some commentary there would be very helpful.
 And then lastly one for Tina, if I can sneak that one in as well.
 They sound very bullish on bio-arc, usually at the beginning of the year, you have a wide
 guidance range, wider guidance range in BioAcc.
 What gives you the confidence for the strong growth that early in the year already in bioact
 Please.
 Thank you, Gundar, for these very good questions.
 I'll comment on pricing and then pass it to Lars for the building on your comments on
 Roy, and then Tina on Bayouac.
 So on pricing, what gives us the confidence?
 I mean, we have not started the journey on pricing today.
 This is a long journey that we have already been working,
 if you remember already since the time, for sure,
 since I have been in the team.
 And we start seeing the benefits of those focus last year,
 And this year, we're doubling our energy in this segment.
 we live in extraordinary circumstances
 with a rapidly increasing raw material prices.
 As you seen, have you heard the last saying?
 We did a fantastic job this year,
 plowing and postponing the impact of these high-increase raw material till Q4, but we're
 not immune. And this opens a fantastic situation for
 environment for our discussions and conversations with our customers as
 As contracts expire, as contracts sunset, to bring out the discussion on value, on price,
 on the table, and we aiming for a space where we're going to move into a positive impact
 from pricing in gross margin, but then yes, overcome by the higher raw material price
 increases and then overall still with a slightly compaction of gross margin of 1.5% to 2%.
 And then I'll pass it to you, Lars.
 Yes, thanks Esther, and I'm going to ask you a question on ROIC, clearly the biggest impact
 on the lower return on invested capital is coming from the invested capital component
 where the acquired assets from our acquisitions is increasing the invested capital number,
 So the notepad is the smaller impact and of course our guidance is sort of a range on
 a number of parameters and so therefore our comments should be seen in that light.
 I think the key point is that the biggest impact on ROIC is coming from investor capital.
 And then I'll answer on the agriculture and animal health and nutrition comment on the Biowag specifically.
 So, yes, we do guide a relatively broad range here from high single-digit growth to the low
 proteins, and if we just take a step back in that area and in these ag exposed areas,
 The growth drivers is both innovation, it's market penetration, it's sustainability, and
 And then there's also support when the commodity prices are high, given that what we deliver
 So yield benefit on that has more value in a high commodity market.
 market.
 If you look at the performance in 2021 in agriculture and animal health and nutrition,
 And then you have to remember, it was a flat performance.
 You have to remember the 60 million which we saw in 2020.
 And also, we grew 7% in Q4.
 so we are on a strong trajectory
 And we also think there is some timing, and that is supporting the high expectation for
 2022.
 Next question, please.
 Thank you, that comes from the line of Michael Novod at Nordea. Please go ahead, the line is open.
 Yeah, thanks a lot. Just two questions. One to Green Tech. Maybe Tina, you previously
 We talked about the impacts from end times to COVID-19 testing, maybe we could just
 detailed for us also how much of growth was impacted by this in Q4 in 2021 and how much
 is expected in 2022 and then secondly to last regarding capex so is should we assume that
 2022 levels are the peak or would there be one more sort of significant
 elevated and then sort of fading off from there.
 Thanks a lot.
 Tina, Anna, Lars.
 Yeah so in grain and tech it's if you look at the both for the year and the
 quarter then roughly 70 percent of the segment is coming from grain and 30 percent is coming
 from tech. And that means that within the tech segment, as you know, we have many different
 businesses. So diagnostics is a small part of that. So it is a small impact.
 And on CAPEX, we guided in the capital markets day back in September for a CAPEX to sales
 ratio of around 10% through the period to 2025 and then on top of that we have our advanced
 protein facility in Blair.
 Now, the latter is roughly two billion kroner in total over the three-year period, 21-23,
 And we recorded roughly 200 million in 2021.
 Another 1 billion is expected here in 2022.
 And so this leaves a residual roughly 800 million for 2023.
 The good thing is we have progress in line with our plans, but exactly how the recording
 of the CAPEX plays out, of course, subject to a bit of uncertainty.
 So this is our expectations right now.
 So you have to add that residual component of roughly 800 million to the 10% also in 2023.
 Sure.
 Understood.
 Thank you.
 This question comes from the line of Nicoletang at Exxon, BNB Paribas.
 to these go ahead, your line is open.
 A question. It was a few on household care, actually. I was wondering if you could talk
 a little bit about the reduced demand in Europe and private label issues. I know we were talking about
 them back at Q3, but can you confirm that the European issues are still sort of related to
 down trading and, you know, when you think about your guidance, the two to four percent
 for 2022, can you just kind of clarify or explain what you're factoring for both those
 elements. And then the second question is still on health care. We've seen a bit of news
 around activism and restructuring one of your big household care customers at
 and in the past I think in the industry when we've had activist cases or
 cost-cutting, it's led to lower levels of customer innovation and reformulation.
 So I was wondering whether you see this as a risk, whether you're seeing anything with
 do you see a sort of risk this time around for you or, you know, what has changed in the
 household landscape versus a couple of years ago.
 Thanks.
 Thank you, Nikola and Hannes. Could you please take those questions?
 So thanks, let me start with Europe and what's going on.
 So the result of the performance in the retail market
 was that laundry, which is by far our largest single segment,
 is down 5% on volume.
 And the way we look at it, it's a few different sort of trends that's going on.
 Was she customers?
 they are trading down to lower tiered brands.
 We also see the customers are washing a little bit less than what they did last year.
 And then, of course, we see the private label segment
 under a lot of stress. And stress comes in different forms. It comes with two bits,
 two of our a lot of mid-sized customers have gone out of business but also comes in a way where you
 where you can see that they're actually losing substantially more than the big brands.
 And our exposure to the private-label market has traditionally been quite strong, so from
 In that perspective, we also get quite some challenge in Europe, and I think when you
 If you look at the guidance for the full year looking at household care, Europe is actually
 the single and only area compared to our plans that delivers the deficit to our original
 guidance. So that's what's going on. Looking ahead on Europe, we plan for a
 A flat European market next year.
 We believe that we have sort of seen the bottom of this.
 We also believe that the private label pain that we saw that that will travel to other private labels.
 So, for us, that's, I think, a good belief that we've seen the bottom of the European market.
 Now, if we turn to the next question, it's difficult, and of course, I can only speculate
 that I can tell you what had what happened in the past of course we've
 You've seen investor pressure coming in and it has shown itself in different shapes and
 This time around, I think it's uncertain to say what's going to happen to Unilever.
 We know that Unilever is on a journey where they are really driving sustainability hard.
 We have very strong conversations and also a very strong pipeline with Unilever.
 And I'm pretty sure that some of that will come through.
 It's too early to tell if there's going to be any negative impact.
 Right now we don't see it and our conversations are positive towards growth and innovation.
 I think that's it.
 set, Hannah's.
 Nicola, you did not really implicitly ask for it,
 that I would like to build on Ahana's comments on what gives us the trust on the 2.4 guidance
 and also on the long-term growth.
 It is, for once, the very strong penetration of freshness
 that we see the broad lunch sticking and contributing to the growth and also contributing to the
 growth of 2022, the continued penetration of our solutions in emerging geographies that
 they do grueless this year and they will continue to grow, and then the strong momentum and
 the pull for our customers for sustainable solutions, replacing chemicals in detergents.
 All these parameters, they make us confident that there is a growing path and that we are
 moving in the right direction to that growth path.
 Next question, please. Thank you
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the line of last top on of Carnegie please go ahead your line is open
 Yes, congrats with another strong quarter.
 couple of questions on my side to the guidance since you are passing on input question-placing
 at least partly. I just wonder to what extent that boosts your organic growth
 guidance and in line with that both you were Stan Lars mentioned that you were
 off to a strong beginning of 2022. So just wonder what you mean by that. And if this implies
 the year is going to be front-end loaded.
 And then a second question goes on alternative proteins, because early in the year you send
 Now to press release,
 mentioning that you would like to sort of drive the creation
 of a micro protein industry body, or I don't know what the right word is, to my knowledge
 you don't have any significant micro protein products in the markets. Am I wrong? Is this
 something that is going to come. Why are you doing this and should we expect any micro
 encroaching announcements going forward.
 Thank you.
 us for your very kind comments.
 Yes, we feel very pleased with the results and also that we
 expect a good start for the year.
 I'll let the last answer your first question
 and then Amy, follow up on your second one.
 Yeah, so on our assumptions on pricing, our 2022 outlook includes a net neutral impact
 from price in the top line.
 We benefit from our target price increases, but we have also included some volume loss
 risks. So that's how we have built our guidance for the year. While the net effect on top
 and I'll see you in the next video.
 Bye.
 We expect a minor positive contribution to the cross-margin and as Esther explained earlier
 on, we are looking to effectuate these price increases as contracts expire.
 So our commentary on being off or expecting to be off to a good start, it's important
 understand that wording of expecting to go off to a good start, so we are really commenting
 on the fact that for the first quarter and for the beginning of the year, we see and
 expect the momentum we had in the last part of 21 to continue into 22 and therefore just
 trying to set the expectations for our first reporting of Q1 in April.
 So does this imply around a 7% organic growth rate for Q1?
 So, that we are not commenting on last, we are just saying that we have 3 to 7 percent
 for the year and then that we are expecting a good start to the year.
 But you grew 7% in the end of 2021.
 And if you're implying that growth is continuing,
 wouldn't that bring Q1 in, at least in the high end of your guidance range, or am I completely
 misunderstanding what you're telling me.
 So what I was saying is that we were continuing the same momentum from Q4. I didn't say we would have exactly the same growth rates
 So, I think if anything, we are saying that we expect the first quarter of the year to
 be at least on average for the full year growth and I think that's as far as we can help you
 on the first quarter expectations.
 It's very nice, it's very nice.
 And if I take the second question, Lowe's,
 an alternative protein.
 Maybe to put this into context, are alternative proteins
 developments really fall into the two categories if I link it back to the strategy.
 the first one in the expand space, which is our investment in Blair and everything we're doing
 in that area which would be hitting us within the next three years in terms of really scamming
 up into growth.
 And then we have a piece of what we're working on, which is into our explore category for
 strategic perspective, which is really looking at 2025 and beyond. And that's really where the
 where the micro proteins falls into place.
 So the announcement we made last year was around an open call for innovation around
 like...
 proteins really looking to couple the work that we're doing internally from an innovation
 perspective with outside innovation and creating an environment and a network to
 accelerate innovation in the area so we don't have anything that you should be
 expecting in the next year. This is really about that explore area into
 microproteins for the long-term growth.
 But just to follow up on that, doesn't that mean it would be fair to assume that if we
 we take a sort of five-year perspective, your alternative protein portfolio five years
 from now should be significantly broader than what you have already announced and investing
 specifically in player. I think that's fair from an aspiration perspective right so I mean what we've
 announced with Blair would be that three years following the start-up we would reach a billion
 and DKK of sales.
 this micro protein space would be beside that.
 but again on a longer term basis.
 Thank you very much Amy.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Alex Jones of Bank of America.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Thank you very much for taking my questions too.
 If I may please, the first on the margin this quarter, I think you talked about 400 basis
 points lower underlying EBIT margin year on year due to sales and distribution.
 You can give us a bit more colour on exactly what in cells and distribution
 expenses increased and how we should think about that going into 2022.
 And second question on food, beverage and health, you talked about sort of warm-up optimization
 and ingredient replacement in bakery having a positive impact both in 2021 and expected
 in 2022. Could you give us a bit more colour on how that depends on, say, commodity prices
 versus how much is a structural evolution of the banking industry.
 Thank you.
 Excellent. Thank you. Very good questions, Alex.
 Lars if you could answer the first one and then Hannah's built on the dynamics on baking. Thank you
 Yes, absolutely. So our operational expenses in the fourth quarter
 were significantly higher than they were in the beginning of the year
 And this we called out actually already in our release of the second quarter
 that we were expecting higher operational costs in the second half
 and the majority of those hit in the fourth quarter.
 So what they were were, for example, in commercial investments we had in our one health areas
 where we had significant investments in cross-channel and cross-geography
 photography promotion and new product launches building on our
 transitions of the two and now three companies in the area.
 We initiated a number of clinical trials and we also across the businesses not only in
 area one health but also in the other areas had significant investments in digital solutions.
 So those were some of the key factors that impacted the force quarter spent primarily
 in the sales and distribution area.
 And when we look forward to 2022, then the fourth quarter of last year is not the appropriate
 benchmark for how 22 would look like.
 like.
 So, as we said on the cross margin, we expect it for the year to be one and a half to two
 this point lower than what we saw for 21. Maybe to give you an idea of the other line
 items, then admin cost is probably a good assumption to be in line with history at 5-6 percent.
 We have historically had R&D costs of 13, S&D 11 to 12, but on the latter two, we have
 consciously chosen to shift a bit of our resources from R&D to S&D.
 So I think you will probably see a slightly higher S&D ratio, maybe closer to 12 or 12ish
 and R&D may be still in line with the 13 or so.
 So, I think that is maybe a good way to think about how the cost composition would be in
 in 2022 and arriving at an EBIT margin of 25 to 26%.
 And on food and beverage I'll just expand a little bit
 on how growth is composed in 21.
 So the major driver for us was a very strong underlying demand.
 and innovation and market penetration,
 that made up more than two-thirds of the growth in food and beverages.
 Then we saw, especially in the brewing space, some recovery that also supported growth.
 And then we come to raw material optimization.
 absolutely as you as you highlight, that was mainly in baking. What happened in
 What we did in baking was that we saw shortages of certain raw materials like vital wheat
 gluten, we saw quite some inflationary pressure on ascorbic acid, emulsifiers and so on.
 And then you can ask, well, does this stick we believe when we talk to customers that
 it is actually quite sticky, and that's a business that will continue.
 Our estimates is between two-thirds and three-fourths of this that will stick and the reason we believe it will stick is that
 customers, they use it to sort of drive private clean label claims. They of course also do
 do it because of the stability of cost. And then there is some pain associated with to
 to make these three formulations.
 So all of that makes us quite confident that what we have seen of reformulation and optimization
 will actually remain in 22 and the years to come.
 Thanks very much.
 Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Samson or SCV. Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Yes, good morning.
 Just two questions from my side, first to last regarding the margin bridge from the
 27% in underlying in 2021 to the 26.5 if you could just give us the components
 to bridge that gap, and then secondly, you had quite impressively 14 product launches
 in 2021, or solutions you can say, could you highlight the most important ones in terms
 of sales growth contribution over the next five years.
 Thank you.
 Lars.
 Yes, so on the first question, so from the 27% underlying the most important facts of
 towards the 25-26% EBIT margin guidance we have for 2022 is the lower cross margin which
 which we believe will be 1.5 to 2 percentage points lower than what we saw in 2021.
 We are also continuing to invest in our business and therefore, as I just outlined, with our
 expectations or at least the way you can think about some of the individual
 cost lines. We are still investing also in both sales and
 distribution and also R&D on a growing top line.
 So we don't see any significant other ordinary items in our 2022 numbers.
 So those would be the significant drivers of the margin arriving from the 27 percent
 last year to 25 to 26 percent in 2022.
 second question, we make 14 lunches, we love them all, it's hard to choose which is the
 one that we feel more proud of.
 And they all contributing to what it has been already also a trajectory of where innovation
 continues to be a strong contributor of our growth. 30% of our sales this year, they were
 coming for launches we made in the last five years.
 But if you ask me, where would you see that contributing in the future, it will be across
 all fronts. So from one side, we have very high expectations on our launches in animal
 nutrition, including the latest lunch we have made in the
 for animal nutrition.
 A very strong trend and a momentum we mentioned on freshness with a broad launch that continues
 to contribute to the, to contribute to growth in, in household care.
 good momentum in human health, a very high level of cross-fertilization on the acquisitions
 that we brought in and also the tangible example from innovation, from our innovation muscle
 and then also cross-fertilization across the globe.
 And then lastly, not to mention, a strong trend in the market
 for consumers for healthier foods.
 some by replacement of chemicals or ingredients
 as Hanes mentioned, but the strong also driver for nutritional changing habits in seeking
 for plan-based solutions, where our enzymes contribute.
 If you couple that with also a stronger penetration
 emerging geographies I have to close your question saying we love them all and we
 We pleased with a 30% contribution of innovation and we know that innovation is a key contributor
 of our long-term growth.
 for that.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sam Perry at Credit Suisse.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Hi guys, thank you for taking my question. If I look at your two-year stack organic growth,
 22 guide at the mid to upper end implies double digit to mid team grace on a two year basis.
 this is a level that hasn't been seen on a two-year basis since pre-2015 when commodity
 prices are also much higher. Similarly, if I look at the midpoint of your sales and EBIT
 growth for EBIT guide for 22 is broadly in line with 2016, despite having some acquisitions.
 So I guess my question is how much of your ability to print these higher growth and earnings
 numbers do you think is based on changes you've made to the business over the past five years
 a new innovation and how much is based on increasing soft commodity prices and customers
 reformulating towards enzyme-based products. Thank you.
 Thank you for your question.
 We have a launch as you recall our strategy in September.
 And a lot of the fruits that we're seeing today are already from the workmate on the past,
 but also from the steps we're taking for the implementation of the strategy.
 It's a combination of both.
 We just capitalizing on the headwinds that we see in the market.
 We're not shy of that, but then also many of those ones, they are sticky as they stay.
 We know that once you try our solutions,
 Then our customers fall in love with the value propositions of sustainability that we bring
 and that's a true across all fronts in animal nutrition where we bring beyond
 increase protein enhancement also lower manure like in baking where we're
 moving into natural and formulation and clean labels
 enabling or detergents are leading to washing our consumers
 can wash at lower temperatures and replacing chemicals.
 So there is good momentum.
 We're capitalizing on that, but that is a lot of self-help.
 and the self-help comes from proactive investments
 with mating and emerging geographies on assets, on people, on labs, the self-help also comes
 from acquisitions that we have made in human health to maximize a potential that we have
 as a biotech company and to contribute to the world in a very rapidly growing trend on
 healthier needs. Same will be for plant-based proteins, on the investments we've made on
 We're making emblaire.
 That's one of the key milestones also for this year to move ahead with those investments
 and that will be a contributor also for the future growth.
 Great, thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Next question comes from the line of Charles Bentley at Jeffries, please go ahead to your
 line is open.
 Thanks for taking my questions. So just have two. So one is just on the comments around household care
 that Europe is already bottomed and private label,
 you'll see the shifting. I mean, this is what you're already seeing in Q1, because the guide
 It implies kind of an acceleration versus the Q4 exit rate.
 So I just want to understand whether this is what you can already see in January and
 and then coming through the order book for the rest of the fourth quarter orders this
 assume that this picks up at some point and then secondly just on on there and
 And just another question on the kind of Q4 margins and the commercial investments you've
 mentioned. I mean, it seems to suggest there's something like 100 million of costs in Q4.
 I think previously you've suggested it would be something like 300 million total.
 Is that right? And then kind of related to that, what's the likely phasing on the remaining
 course. Thank you. Thank you Charles. I'll let Hannah answer your first question and then last
 Last, can you build up on the second one?
 Thank you.
 So, of course, we have one month in the books, and it confirms what I said before that we
 We believe that Europe would look around flat, maybe slight growth, and that's what
 But that's what we see now and that's also what we see in the order books.
 I would say on the spend in the fourth quarter,
 i don't know where but but i assume that three hundred million you refer to
 is the cost that we carved out all the way back in 19 when we started to sort of reshape
 our cost structures towards sales and distribution.
 I think now we are almost three years later and I think it becomes very difficult to separate
 what was carved out and what is now invested where.
 So I would maybe rather look at our commitment to continue to invest in our business, which
 we also do and imply in our guidance here for 2022. And then we have also provided a
 long-term guidance back in the capital markets day that we aim for an EBIT margin of 26 percent
 in 2025 or above and no individual year going below 25 and that's what we are guiding for
 here in 2022 with a continued investment in our business to support the organic sales growth.
 Great, thank you very much.
 We have time for one last question, please.
 Thank you.
 the line of Sebastian Bray at Bearberg Bank. Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Hello, good morning, and thank you for taking my questions.
 They're primarily focused on gross margin development.
 I can understand why the current raw material environment would
 mean that the outlook is for 2022. What makes me curious is what the company thinks of as
 as it's mid to long term gross margin,
 i.e. if price recovery is good enough, do we get 100 to 150 basis points back?
 Is there anything in 2023 onwards?
 Is there anything to suggest that the current decline in gross margins may prove
 permanent as opposed to temporary. And secondly a quick question on plant-based
 meat and products. If I say as a rough guess, I think Novozymes is making a little less
 spend a hundred million DKK in this area on an annualised basis, am I getting warm?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Sebastian. Good morning, and I'll let Lars answer your questions.
 Yes, thanks Sebastian. So right now we are like many other companies impacted by the
 higher input costs and therefore we are guiding to a lower gross mark in a 1.5 to 2% points.
 We are also saying that we are taking actions to pass on some of those higher input costs
 to our customers over time.
 And therefore, we see a small, positive contribution from that pricing initiative on our cross-margin.
 And then I would say we are still continuing to see the productivity improvements as we
 we have seen for years and years and years, leveraging the scale and the volume growth
 in our facilities. So in the long term we still see potential to expand cross
 margin from productivity, from scale, and then we will see how the future develops, both
 in terms of input costs and also in terms of price discussions, but the fundamental factors
 that enables us to see a cross margin expansion.
 those are intact and then of course there are more parameters like we now
 experience in 2022, which will determine the actual gross margin in the individual year.
 Thank you, Lars. And that closes the session.
 session.
 Oh, sorry, Hannah, yes, please build up the second question.
 I think there was a question around protein and let me just expand on that, I'll not give
 you as a specific guidance on how much we sell and how whether a hundred million is
 warmer cold. But what we do, we have a sizable business on protein extraction and protein
 modification that relates to meat patties, both delivering on taste and texture and reduction
 of salt. It's a business that's growing very, very nicely right now. And of course, one
 When you look at the trends, we have a lot of hope and faith will continue to grow for
 all times. And now yes. Thank you very much all for your questions. Thank you for your
 time and looking forward to continue the conversations with you with many of you in the
 for coming days. Wishing you a very nice day. Thank you.