 Good morning, and welcome to the Spire Second Quarter Earnings Call.
 All participants will be in listen-only mode.
 Should you need assistance, please signal a conference specialist by pressing the star
 a key followed by zero.
 After today's presentation, there will be an opportunity
 to ask questions.
 To ask a question, you may press star then one
 on your telephone keypad.
 To withdraw your question, please press star then two.
 Please note, this event is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Scott Dudley, Managing Director Investor
 relation.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our second quarter earnings call.
 We issued our earnings news release this morning and you may access it on our website at SpireEnergy.com under newsroom.
 There's a slide presentation that accompanies our webcast, and you may download it either
 from the webcast site or from our website under Investors and then Events and Presentations.
 Presenting on the call today are Suzanne Sitherwood, president and CEO, Steve Lindsey, executive
 Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, and Steve Rashi, Executive
 Vice President and CFO.
 Before we begin, let me cover our safe harbor statement and use of non-gap earnings measures.
 Today's call, including responses to questions, may contain forward-looking statements within
 the meaning of the Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
 Although our forward-looking statements
 are based on reasonable assumptions,
 There are various uncertainties and risk factors
 that may cause future performance or results to be
 difference than those anticipated.
 These risks and uncertainties are outlined in our quarterly and annual filings with the SEC.
 In our comments, we will be discussing the economic earnings, contribution margin, adjusted
 EBITDA and adjusted long-term capitalization, which are all non-GAP measures used by management
 when evaluating our performance.
 and results of operations.
 Explanations and reconciliations of these measures to their GAAP counterparts are contained
 in our news release and the slide presentation.
 So with that, I will turn the call over to Suzanne.
 Thank you, Scott.
 And good morning to everyone joining us
 for our second quarter update.
 I'd like to begin by acknowledging
 that we're all adjusting to a new normal.
 As we focus on staying safe and healthy during the coronavirus,
 You're living in a world of video calls, FaceTime, webcasts, working from home, wearing
 and face mask and washing our hands a lot.
 And we're connecting in new ways.
 Like you, many of us aren't in our offices and aren't able to see one another face-to-face.
 In fact, today is the second time in nearly two months that Steve Rashi, Steve Lindsey,
 and I have been in the same location.
 rest assured that we're distancing and disinfecting and getting the job done.
 It's not easy to stay connected in times like this.
 at fire, connecting with us should feel like a handshake at the front door.
 But without the ability to actually shake someone's hand, we found ourselves leaning into other
 expressions of caring and friendship, like how we listen, how we check on our elderly
 neighbors.
 how we smile and wait for load of strangers.
 It's how our crews stop work.
 take off their hats, and put their hands over their heart
 when a funeral procession drives by.
 These moments of connection and curing inspire the good in all of us and provide the energy
 it takes to walk through a time like this.
 A time when some communities are impacted more than others, but none go untouched.
 A time when we understand how essential our service is and how people count on us to deliver.
 A time when safety has an expanded meaning and personal protective equipment becomes an everyday necessity.
 But it's fire. It's easier for us to pivot. We have a very clear mission that guides us.
 Answer every challenge, advance every community, and enrich every life through the strength of our energy.
 You see, we believe we are called to answer this in every challenge that arises.
 We know that people rely on our energy every day
 and that we are an essential service.
 We know that we cannot let our customers and communities down.
 And we know that safety is a core value.
 a value at the heart of every decision.
 It's because of the deeply held belief that we set in motion a broad range of protected
 steps to address the coronavirus health crisis and its economic impact on our customers while
 Nationally protecting the health and safety of our employees and communities.
 We began in early March by activating our Incident Support Team, or the IST, a cross-functional
 team of 25 leaders from operations and all our shared services.
 The ISP has been needing nearly every morning to discuss challenges, solve issues, and coordinate
 actions.
 HR policies to supply chain access to PPE and impact to employees, customers, and operations.
 By the middle of March, we activated the highest level of our crisis response plan
 by convening our crisis management team, or CMT.
 I ask Steve Lindsey to lead this team as Fire Inc.'s Chief Operating Officer.
 Steve immediately gathered all of our chief officers and business unit presidents to quickly make executive decisions around broad-ranging challenges.
 Steve will talk more about this in a moment.
 From my perspective, I'd like to say that it's been inspiring to watch the ISG and CMT work.
 Together, we bring a collection of expertise to our conversations from the very professional
 perspective of FIRE's leadership to our external involvement with the American
 Gas Association, and our first-hand conversations with medical experts via the many hospital
 boards we serve on.
 Together, we are careful to balance the needs of our many stakeholders, including you.
 We are communicating early and often with all employees and customers.
 We are connecting regularly with our board
 in keeping our governors, legislators, and regulators,
 informed every step of the way.
 Most importantly, the CNT is keenly aware of the impact our decisions have on people.
 And everything we do, our goal is to flatten the curve and help control the spread of coronavirus,
 while safely and reliably providing energy
 for our customers and communities.
 Thank goodness, our largest operations are in Missouri and Alabama.
 Areas of the country that have been minimally impacted by the pandemic.
 In fact, only 11 of our 3,500 employees have tested positive for the coronavirus and all
 that one person is back to work. So, as we work to meet the challenges created by the
 coronavirus, we remain focused on our strategy to deliver growth and value by growing organically,
 investing in infrastructure and advancing through innovation.
 We continue to take steps to ensure that we remain strong both financially and from an operations perspective.
 We'll hear more on that from Steve and Steve when they discuss our capital spending, including investments in new business and infrastructure upgrades,
 as well as our updated CAPEX forecast that supports our long-term growth outlook.
 As reported in our earnings announcement this morning, our second quarter net
 economic earnings for share was below last year and our FY20 plan.
 As Steve Rashi will discuss in more detail, the results were driven by lower margins due
 to warmer weather across our footprint.
 margins that were not fully mitigated by regulatory mechanisms.
 However, our results were minimally impacted
 by the coronavirus.
 and finally, we'll spend some time updating you
 on our process as we continue to pursue favorable regulatory outcomes across our jurisdiction.
 with a focus on the ISRA case and filings in Missouri.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve Lindsey to discuss our results and coronavirus
 responses and more detail.
 Thank you Suzanne. I want to begin by acknowledging the outstanding efforts of
 of our employees during the difficult times brought on
 virus and the resulting economic shutdown.
 you're providing great service for our customers
 while taking extra care to ensure their health, safety,
 and well-being as well as your own,
 and helping support our communities in this time of need.
 And we all thank you very much.
 As Suzanne mentioned, we quickly activated the CMT with 10 primary areas of focus.
 Morning, I'd like to take a moment to outline the steps we've taken to address the coronavirus and
 Live its impact on three of those areas, our employees, customers, and communities.
 Keeping these stakeholders healthy, safe, and supported is more than a priority for us, it's a core value. It's who we are, Inspire.
 For our employees, we have educated everyone on healthy practices and encouraged people
 to follow the advice of the experts,
 including the CDC and other public health organizations.
 Our guidelines include staying home when not feeling well, frequent hand-washing, social
 and other best practices.
 We implemented policies to help employees handle the impacts of the coronavirus, including
 taking care of family members or dealing with children being home from school.
 An example of this is the implementation of our emergency leave program.
 For our field workers and technicians, we have taken extra safety precautions to protect
 them and our customers.
 Pre-screen the customer's premise to ensure that no one is sick or symptomatic before we
 We allow our workers to enter a home or business, and we equip our employees with personal
 protective equipment.
 employees we implemented a work-from-home policy starting in March and extending
 through May. Along with work from home and social distancing, we've also implemented
 related policies to eliminate all non-essential travel, as well as group meetings and gatherings.
 And across our company, we stepped up the frequency of cleaning and sanitizing our work locations.
 Currently, we're developing work transition plans that include reopening offices and facilities.
 For our customers, we are first and foremost focused on making sure they're well-served
 and that they continue to grow and that we continue to provide safe and reliable
 energy that they've come to rely on regardless of the situation at hand.
 Help reduce customer contact and limit the potential for spreading the illness.
 Post phone work that wasn't time critical or urgent and to help our customers through what is surely a difficult time financially
 We work with our regulators to suspend involuntary disconnections and late fees through the end of May.
 while also expanding customer bill assistance programs.
 As a company, we have pledged $500,000 matching gift
 to augment the contributions made by customers and employees
 into our dollar help program.
 Thousands of customers have already signed up to give and their match gifts total more than
 and $300,000 so far.
 Similarly, we have donated $250,000
 the local area food pantries and meal programs.
 From Alabama to Wyoming, we're helping provide about 650,000 meals for families struggling
 to make ends meet during this time.
 It also led an effort with other companies to donate and set up laptops for children in
 limited income schools so they're able to learn from home.
 Since we're all in this together, we've been coordinating and staying close communications
 with various state and local government bodies, healthcare organizations, and industry groups
 is to ensure that we are doing most good
 by leveraging our collective energy and resources.
 While we've been hard at work to address the impacts of the coronavirus and serve our customers well,
 We've also remained focused on our business objectives centered on growing our company.
 We continue to invest in organic growth and infrastructure upgrades across our utilities.
 For the first half of fiscal 2020, we invested $53 million in new business, keeping up, keeping
 pace with last year's record levels of investment and new premise activations.
 Our investment in our utilities is expanding.
 Year to date, we've invested $279 million focused on new business and pipeline replacement.
 $24 million or nearly 10% were the first half of last year.
 On the gas related business side, our spin is actually down year over year, largely reflecting
 the completion of the Spire STL pipeline.
 For the full year of fiscal 2020, we've increased our planned capital spend to $640 million,
 up to $30 million from our prior forecasted investment.
 about 88% of our 2020 spin will be on our gas utilities,
 with two-thirds of the increase,
 for about $20 million, attributable to utility investment.
 We also plan to invest $10 million in the third quarter at Spire Storage.
 Regulatory mechanisms we have, including incentives to accelerate system upgrades in
 Missouri and Alabama and real-time breakmaking in Alabama are key to timely recovery and
 support infrastructure modernization, earnings growth, and better environmental performance
 to reduce methane emissions.
 As you know from our discussion last quarter, in Missouri, we have been working through
 a number of ISRA's cases decided by the Missouri Public Service Commission going back to 2016
 that have been challenged and appealed
 by the Office of Public Counsel,
 resulted in adverse appellate court rulings late last year.
 at the time of the appeal court orders
 We say we would pursue all avenues.
 Can I just bite him?
 and regulatory to preserve the ability to continue investing in the safety
 reliability and environmental performance of our pipeline system while achieving timely recovery.
 The start of the Missouri Legislative Session in January, we work to introduce bills in
 in both the House and Senate to clarify the ISRA statute
 as it relates to the eligibility of infrastructure upgrades
 for accelerated recovery.
 Senate bill passed early March on May 6th the house passed the substitution of the Senate bill
 Given the differences between the versions passed in each chamber, the legislation will
 will now go to conference committee to reconcile the two versions. Meanwhile, we have continued
 to file new interest requests, including one in early February.
 Late last month, we, the staff of the Missouri Public Service Commission, and the Office of
 the public council reached the unanimous stipulation
 agreement, subject to the Missouri PSE approval, that would result in an $11 million annualized
 increase in Israel's revenue.
 Regarding the cases subject to the appeals court rulings,
 These have been remanded back to the Missouri Public Service Commission for final resolution
 following the denial of our request
 for the Missouri Supreme Court review in mid-March.
 The commission has 120 days, or until the middle of July, to render a decision, including
 and whether any refund is required.
 For anyone who would like more detail on the various ISRAS cases, there's a table in the
 techniques of our slide presentation today.
 Finally, in Alabama, we have been implementing new off-system sales and capacity release
 program that went into effect December 1st. We're also continuing to pursue the benefits
 of the Accelerated Infrastructure Modernization Rider, or AIM, and are on track to achieve
 the threshold number of miles replaced this year in order to qualify for the ROE adder
 in 2021 like we received this past year.
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Steve Rashi for a financial review and update.
 Good morning, and let me add my wishes for good health and safety to everyone, and a huge shout out to all of our first responders, healthcare workers, and our own team who continue to serve bravely every day.
 Let me cover our quarterly results, the financial impact of coronavirus, and an update to our
 targets for the second half of our fiscal 2020.
 Turning to our results for the quarter. We delivered consolidated net economic earnings of
 144 million dollars down 3.9 million dollars from last year
 For gas utility, poster earnings is just over $144 million, down $2.4 million from last
 year as a result of warmer weather and losses on investments.
 The marketing delivery earnings are just over $5 million, down just over $1 million from
 last year as higher volumes from our expansion were offset by less favorable
 market conditions and higher cost.
 And we saw higher earnings from the Spire STL pipeline, which entered service last quarter.
 A lower loss from fast fire storage, reflecting the benefits of our operational improvements,
 in slightly higher corporate cost.
 looking at our per share results,
 are your earnings of $2.75 per share?
 down 15 cents from last year, reflecting lower earnings as well as the impact of preferred
 and common stock issued over the last 12 months.
 I'd offer two additional comments.
 First, as Suzanne mentioned, we saw a limited financial impact from the coronavirus this
 since it really didn't hit our service territories until mid-March.
 or in the forward impact in a few minutes.
 And secondly, as reflected here, that economic earnings continues to include all ISRA's revenues, or saying it another way,
 excluding the provision we booked for depth purposes.
 For this quarter, this was revenue subject to a provision where $2.2 million including
 Thank you.
 cumulative provisioned at March 31 to $16.9 million.
 Overall, whether this quarter was warmer than normal.
 by 11% in Missouri and by 26% in Alabama.
 Compared to last year's colder weather, we saw margins in Missouri decline by $3 million,
 as slightly lower residential volumetric margins were offset by higher net-discourse
 combined with a significant drop in commercial markets.
 Our southern utility showed margin growth as lower demand was offset by annual rate increases.
 Margins were also significantly below our expectations of normal weather and
 and mitigation mechanisms that offset that exposure.
 Again, in our southern service territories, the mechanisms largely worked as planned.
 In Missouri, however, we saw a $7 million negative impact to margins against a normal
 weather, consisting of two components.
 First, this new weather normalization tool was introduced in our last rate proceeding
 and should ensure that we get the right recovery of the residential volumetric charge.
 not over-collecting in cold periods, not under-collecting in warmer ones.
 While the mechanism did address a portion of our weather deficiencies this quarter, we
 estimate that it was ineffective by six percent or roughly five million dollars.
 Secondly, we saw a shortfall in commercial and industrial margins that do not have weather
 Missouri, even for smaller, more weather-sensitive customers.
 The total impact here was about $2 million.
 million dollars. We clearly have some work to do, both working with our regulators to
 to improve the effectiveness of our weather mitigation
 in our next Missouri rape proceeding.
 and two, generating earnings from other sources
 in the back half of 2020 to offset some.
 There were two other key variances this quarter.
 O&M expenses, and other expenses.
 is outlined here on slide 13.
 total O&M expenses as reported were down $12.6 million dollars and although we have a history
 of cost control. This reduction reflects the benefit of a regulatory deferral of a pension
 remeasurement charge with the offsetting expense recorded in other expenses as shown here.
 this adjustment, our run rate utility O&M was up $2.9 million or 2.6% due to higher
 and employee costs.
 Creating O&M expenses represent higher marketing costs due to our business growth and the cost
 Inspire STL pipeline, which is now in operations.
 The other key variants is in other expenses with a run rate increase after the adjustment for the peasant pension remeasurement of
 of $6.5 million, reflecting two items.
 First prior year Spire STL pipeline AFUDC which no longer existence is now in our operating numbers and
 And secondly, a $3.6 million swing in returns on investments held to support our non-qualified
 Not surprisingly, this year we saw unrealized losses this quarter compared to a much stronger
 earning stream in the first quarter of 2019.
 I would note that the explanation of all cost variances, contribution margins, as well as
 Our review of our year-to-date results are included in the appendix to this presentation
 You know, since the health crisis began, we've been focused on our liquidity position.
 Harkening back to our playbook from the Great Recession.
 We moved aggressively with the assistance of our bank group
 to draw on our credit facility in mid-March as the commercial paper market became uneconomic.
 In late March, we secured a $150 million term loan to provide additional liquidity and we
 strong financial position, with total available liquidity at March 31 of $661 million, and
 In fact, we issued equity early in the quarter, with proceeds of just under $10 million.
 as we turn to the coronavirus impacts
 on our operating results.
 a bit of perspective.
 roughly 70% of our earnings and margins are residential.
 and the current health crisis hit near the end of the winter,
 season where we are in a majority of our return. As a result, we've been relatively
 insulated so far from the economic downturn.
 We are watching closely our commercial and industrial customers, especially the smaller
 firms who are bearing the brunt of the current shutdown, and we are tracking the incremental
 cost of the actions that Steven and Suzanne touched on a few minutes ago.
 None of us have a crystal ball to predict how this situation will play out.
 Based on what we know today, including data and regional economic projections,
 we've constructed a forecast of key impacts based upon the following assumptions.
 from an economic standpoint, continuation of the downturn
 through this quarter and then a slow ramp up in activity that will stretch at
 at least through the rest of calendar 2020.
 From an operational standpoint, normal weather, a return of normal collection activities,
 disconnection and late payment fees, as well as minimal disruption for our construction
 Based on these assumptions, we have estimated the following financial impacts.
 As a result of our moratorium on fees,
 we anticipate losing fee revenue of roughly $1.9 million.
 We have seen some decline in our commercial and industrial margins, reflecting both the
 the temporary shutdowns of large manufacturers
 and the anticipated lower demand
 We estimate that impact to be approximately $2.2 million.
 We have not yet seen any appreciable change in our residential margins, and we will continue to monitor that closely.
 However, we are anticipating a significant increase in bad debts in the coming quarters.
 To estimate our exposure, we went back to our records for the last recession in 2008 and
 2009 when we saw bad debt expense as a percentage of revenue increased about 20 basis points
 over normal levels.
 Applying that experience to our current book of business results in an estimated exposure
 of three and a half million dollars.
 And, of course, we're tracking other direct costs, including the cost that PP&E enhanced
 facility cleaning, employee costs for lost time, among others.
 We are pursuing opportunities to offset these headwinds,
 including identifying those costs that would naturally be lower as a result of stay-at-home orders such as travel and
 and we're finding additional operating efficiencies.
 We're also working with our regulators, as Steve mentioned, both as we have been to deal
 with the immediate impacts to our customers and our business during the quarter.
 And now discussing potential regulatory treatment of the increased cost, including bad debts
 and the cost of responding to the health crisis
 and helping our customers recover.
 Stepping back our estimates are based upon a current view of the economic
 recovery.
 And as you can see, we have provided sensitivities on each of these key exposures to gauge the
 impact under a different set of assumptions.
 Looking forward we remain on solid ground and are focused on growth as Steve mentioned
 And we've upgraded our capital investment target for the year to $640 million.
 In addition, we've updated our five-year capital investment target now through 2024 to $2.8
 That level of investment is driven by utility infrastructure upgrades and should drive rate-based
 growth of between 7% and 8% for the forecast period.
 In addition, we reaffirm our long-term net economics per share growth target of four percent to seven percent
 and given the current uncertainty surrounding the resolution of a Missouri
 this risk recovery will continue to refrain from MEPS guidance for fiscal year 2020 at this time.
 And finally, our financing plans remain on track, with only modest equity needs for the
 the remainder of 2020.
 So in summary, we're in solid shape and remain focused on delivering for all of our stakeholders with that
 Let me turn it back over to you, Suzanne.
 Thank you, Steve and Steve.
 At the close to today's presentation, I think it's important to take a moment to acknowledge
 the strength of our collective energy.
 Fires utilities have been operating for more than 160 years.
 Thanks to great leadership, great partnership, and a legacy of hard-working, caring employees,
 We have survived wars, the Great Depression, weather disasters, and the 1918 influenza
 pandemic.
 long successful history and with the support of our investors, our communities, and our
 public policy leaders, we will work our way through the impact of the coronavirus.
 We'll do it together, and we'll do it in a way that brings sustained, long-term value
 for our shareholders, customers, and the communities we serve.
 Before we open for questions, I'd like to thank Spires employees, many whom are listening
 to this webcast.
 I know how hard you work, and I know how much you care about one another, our customers, and the communities that we live and work in.
 You make me proud every day, and I am forever grateful for the way you rally to answer challenges.
 You are leaders, you are conveners, you are helpers, you are heroes.
 You understand that fundamentally, energy exists to help people, and you give your all to deliver energy safely, reliably, and with all your heart.
 Do the investors and analysts on the call today?
 We'd like to thank you for your investment and the trust you place in us.
 On behalf of our board of directors, our executive team, and our employees, we take that trust
 very seriously, especially during these uncertain times.
 forward to seeing you again soon. Either as part of the upcoming virtual AGA
 financial forum or other virtual conferences and roadshows in the months ahead.
 Of course, we look forward to the time when we can, once again, meet face-to-face.
 Until then, we wish you well and trust that you will stay safe and healthy.
 Now, we'll take your question.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 To ask a question, you may press star then one on your telephone keypad.
 If you are using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys to
 To withdraw your question, please press star then 2.
 At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster.
 Okay.
 So, that's it for this video.
 Thanks for watching.
 The first question comes from Richie Cicerelli with B of A Securities.
 Please go ahead.
 Hey, good morning. Hope everyone's healthy and safe today. Appreciate you taking my questions.
 Just had a couple here on Isris.
 Can you just go over the difference between the two virgins of the House
 the House and Senate bill and where you ultimately expect that to land once it gets reconciled.
 And then on the recent settlement with the ISRs filing, where, I guess, what changes
 this time around with OBC where you were able to garner a settlement there.
 Hey, Richie, this is Steve Lindsey, and I appreciate you calling in this morning.
 on your first question relative to the legislation
 And in terms of the content of our portion, there's really not that much difference between
 the house and Senate bills what you have or some things that get attached as they go
 go through the process.
 And so really, we're fairly consistent with those bills.
 And again, if you go back to what they're trying to accomplish, it's to really reinforce
 what the intent of the statute was when it was put in place over 15 years ago, which
 which is around infrastructure upgrades,
 particularly around bare steel and cast iron.
 and to really just kind of codify some of that in terms of the language.
 So I don't think there's a lot of difference between those two.
 And that's why when it goes back to the Committee for Reconciliation, there'll be some clean-up
 relative to the things that are attached there.
 relative to your your second part of the question in terms of the stipulation. I
 I think we've just been working collectively.
 And again, we felt this way all along,
 that the pipe that we've been replacing meets all the requirements relative to what needs
 to be part of the infrastructure upgrades included in the ESSIRS program, even to the
 fact that there is a lot of work that needs to be done in the ESSIRS program, even to the
 fact that we still agree that the plastics that we've been replacing are much more efficient
 way to upgrade our system. But this is primarily focused on the bare-ceiling
 iron and did they meet those criteria. We're providing additional evidence, but I think
 in terms of the reason that we've got to this
 is because we continue to work together
 to strongly support, again, the intent of why we've been replacing this pipe around safety
 reliability and efficiency of operating our system.
 So I think it's progress, if you want to look at it that way.
 Again, even with the cases that are still there, we'll continue to present evidence
 and hopefully make our case around the pipe that had been replaced in previous years is
 the same criteria that we're using going forward.
 Got it, thank you.
 That's very helpful.
 And then just around your CAPEX profile,
 I think you might have been in one of the few companies that
 raise you're spending this year for 2020.
 Just curious, what's giving you the increased confidence
 execute on the plan this year, given the headwinds with COVID-related pressures.
 Okay, Richie.
 This is Steve.
 Great question.
 A couple things. First of all, I guess the downside of the warmer weather that has impacted
 our margins is it does give us a little bit better working conditions on our capital
 And as Steve talked about, we had a strong winter season,
 and now we're heading into the heart of our capital spend.
 So I think that's point number one.
 And then number two, playbook for utilities,
 as we look at how we can best try to offset both the head
 from weather, and also the headwinds from coronavirus that we talked about,
 ramping up our capital spend is one of those activities.
 It's clearly something that helps get us back to work,
 and we're doing it with the cooperation
 and understanding of all of the leaders
 without our states and our jurisdictions,
 and I think it's just helping us to ensure
 that not only are we doing the right thing
 by upgrading our infrastructure.
 but we're also doing it in a way
 that's gonna make us even more resilient as we go forward.
 So I think that it's really just an evolution of all those things.
 And again, you've seen us ramp up and ramp down in the past,
 and we think this is an opportunity
 for us to ramp up a little bit.
 And Richie, this is the other Steve.
 Let me follow up from an operational perspective.
 I would like to reinforce that as we,
 And again, while this past quarter was only really several weeks in terms of the measurement
 We never stopped working, and you'll hear some businesses talk about return to work.
 talk about more of the transition and if you think about it from a construction
 in the capital perspective.
 We really didn't take our foot off the gas.
 We obviously changed some of our processes
 procedures relative to personal protective equipment, and to be quite honest, we've limited
 going into customers' homes to do service towers and changeovers.
 We'll go back and do that, but again, in terms of the infrastructure that we've been working
 and will continue to, that really didn't slow down
 And that's a great tribute to our front line boys,
 management that's out there that that's really, you know, pulled
 together if you think about our three strategic areas of focus, one of those is
 innovation and we got innovative in the way we're continuing to think about our
 work. The other part I would just want to reinforce is that our capital for these
 site program is fairly evenly distributed across our three major operating areas in
 in terms of the east side of Missouri, west, and Alabama.
 And so we're not just impacted in one area
 in terms of ratcheting up or back.
 fairly evenly spread even with the new business as well so if you think about
 that increase that we saw a year to date of nearly 10% that I referenced, that's
 That's pretty evenly spread across all of our operating companies, which I think gives
 us a...
 ...
 good balance as well.
 Yeah, I did. Thank you very much. I appreciate the color. That's all I had.
 Thanks.
 The next question comes from Michael Weinstein with Credit Suisse.
 So please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning
 Hey.
 I was wondering if you guys have a better sense at all of how weather legislation would
 preclude the need for a ruling at the Supreme Court or not, you know, at this point, you
 after conferring with your own lawyers and maybe outside counsel.
 Michael, Steve, the Supreme Court opportunity, at least for them, the ruling that came out of the appellate court has already passed.
 They opted not to take the...
 Oh, I get it.
 the appeal that we and the public service commission put forward. So really the legislation
 that Steve Lindsay talked about is the best opportunity for a longer term fixed.
 We obviously are continuing to work with the Missouri Public Service Commission, the staff,
 the OPC and the other interveners to not only crisp it up the support for our filings,
 but then also to get to a more unified view going forward
 of what makes sense for a customer.
 Thanks.
 consistent with when we started this journey we pursued a regulatory legislative and judicial
 outcome, and so all three of those paths, so we're on track with what we
 strategically set out to begin with.
 What's the July 16th decision that we're waiting on?
 What is that?
 Okay, so this would be, this is on the cases
 that were remanded back to the commission.
 So once they go back to the Public Service Commission,
 in essence have a hundred and twenty days to make a decision based on those
 those cases that did not go through to the Supreme Court.
 So you've got several moving parts that are going on here from the legislative perspective
 and regulatory, but that is on the cases that were under appeal that have been remanded back
 I see the commission.
 All those, the decision you're referencing there
 the decision by the regulators
 on the remad, right?
 Yeah, it's been remanded back to the Missouri Commission.
 Yes.
 I got it, I got it, okay.
 and on the uh... guidance the long-term guidance the base here is told two
 2019
 So base gear?
 Yeah.
 Michael, fair question. If you look at our capital spend program over five years and
 driving rate-based growth is 7 to 8 percent.
 that we expect that we should be able to drive
 that kind of growth that we talked about in the long term over the bottom line.
 I chuckle because we're all dealing with and we've spent a lot of time and I know our peers are because you've been on those calls a lot of
 dealing with the current situation and in the fullness of time as we understand
 and what's happening in-
 in the current year 2020, we'll find a way to rebase
 and make sure everybody understands.
 But right now we're just trying to make sure that we and our customers get through this
 year and we do it in a fashion that we feel good about so that when we hit 2021 and beyond,
 We're hitting it at full steam
 with our customers coming along for the pride.
 yet i would be my understanding i mean i i think a lot of people are trying to
 to look through 2020 as a
 abnormal year so
 I just wanted to see what happens.
 It's only going to be an abnormal year.
 i think a lot of people would like to look through this year
 All right, thank you very much, guys, and stay safe and healthy.
 Thanks, Mark.
 Thank you.
 Again, if you have any questions, please press star then 1.
 The next...
 Next question comes from Brian Russo with the Dottie.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning
 More and more.
 on the weather normalization mechanism in Missouri that
 you know, quote-unquote ineffective, what, you know, structurally, what made it ineffective,
 And what would you need to do in so far is, you know, further discussions with regulators
 and or during your next ray case to fix it, or can it ever be perfect?
 All right. Well, good morning. This is Steve Lindsay. Thanks for the question.
 And then I wish I'd do all the answers to that,
 because it's a very complex formula.
 We have something in place now that we didn't have before, which is positive.
 It did help, but it didn't completely address the differences between weather obviously
 and the volumes and the revenues.
 So I think there's a couple pieces to it.
 One is, and I think Steve even mentioned this,
 First of all, it does not even include the small commercial class and some of those others
 that are really weather sensitive and look
 residents for class. I think that's one opportunity that if you look at other
 weather normalization mechanism. The other is that it's not linear and what I mean
 by that is, every day isn't the same, every week isn't the same as you go through the
 month so you could have some outcomes that show results of degree days that
 It didn't really translate to the way gas flowed from a customer's perspective.
 So I think there's opportunity as we move forward.
 And again, it's a start.
 that and we think we'll be able to make a pretty strong presentation as to where the
 deficiencies are because, again, the program is intended to mitigate risk, as Steve indicated,
 If it's too cold, we shouldn't benefit.
 if it's too warm, we shouldn't be harmed,
 And what we would look to do going forward is to tighten the band even closer than what it is now.
 Got it and remind me with the percent of the overall bill is a fixed charge
 You know, and that roughly depends on, you know, the type of year that you're having,
 but it could be 25%, 20 to 25%, I think,
 based on a residential customer, and again, that has variability, obviously, based on
 the type of winter that you have because that's where most of the volumetric
 Okay, great, and just on the Supreme Court denial of your request for re-hearing remind
 remind me how how many millions of dollars of revenues is that and when might
 that at impact, net economic earnings, is it after a commission decision, so a little
 part of July or, you know, from a legal perspective, do you now have, I don't know, more clarity
 as to, you know, the recovery of those costs, you know, I'm curious to when a provision
 might be taken against net economic earnings.
 Um, yeah, Brian, this is Steve Rashi.
 There's a detailed chart in the appendix to our presentation
 you can take a look at, which really outlines the various layers of isros.
 The total provision, that is the total of all the collections that are included in the rulings that are part of the appellate court decision,
 and then the Supreme Court's decision not to take it on are $16.9 million dollars and
 We continue to collect on those and we're collecting two million and change every quarter.
 So up until the time that the Missouri Public Service Commission makes a final
 of determination, we will continue to collect those,
 collect those funds.
 There are various components of that 16.9 million.
 Part of it has to do with the conclusion
 whether pastime or bare steel is worn out and deteriorated.
 and another component about incidental plastic
 that are replaced along with longer lines
 of that.
 the cast iron beer or steel and the public service commission is going to have to weigh
 in based upon each one of those. And when they reach their decision, then the commission
 will not only decide on the, on how to handle each of those individual
 ISRAS determinations, but it will also have that determine whether or not whether or not the
 The amounts will be refunded to the extent they determine there's a refund.
 or if the mouse will be used in some other fashion.
 and the commission has full right to be able to decide how they want to handle that.
 Again, that's a determination from obviously obligated to take a look at our net economic
 earnings calculation and to the extent that those revenues are now not going to be earned
 revenues or earnings, and then we would adjust our net economics measure at that point.
 And just to keep it in perspective of the $16,000,000, $9,000,000 or $4,000,000 that impacts
 our current year. The vast majority of it was the initial provision that we booked for
 Okay, got it.
 understood. And then, just on the equity, if I heard you correctly, you issued 10
 million of equity in the fiscal second quarter and that satisfied your needs for the entire
 year.
 No, I mean, if you go to our guidance page, you can see that we have a guided range of
 equity of $50 to $100 million as our total need for the year.
 So in the first quarter we knocked out roughly 10 million of that at the low end and the
 The beauty of where we stand is we do have, and I'm going to discuss, we do have some
 and some cushioned in our credit metrics,
 which are the ones that everybody's always looking at.
 So we do believe that we will be in the equity markets
 markets continue to rebound in an orderly fashion.
 But it's not anything we have to do.
 but I think our preference is in order to maintain
 strong credit metrics and a balanced capital structure that it would be appropriate for
 to get in the range of the equity that we've guided in our long-term guidance.
 Okay, and then the February stipulation on 11.1 million revenues under ISRs.
 Is that what you filed for?
 Boy, we filed for, the reason why I'm struggling,
 is that we file different numbers
 because we filed for amounts that had not been awarded
 or plastics and prior filings.
 I think the best number to think about
 in terms of what was our net expectation
 in terms of what we were going to get out of the filing,
 it was probably, and I don't have it off the top of my head,
 or low $12 million range.
 And there's always some difference between what we expect and what we actually get because
 Because our interest filings generally include 45 to 60 days worth of forecasted capital
 And so that always gets chewed up in a rape case and and and that is clearly what happened in this in this filing for history
 And when does the Missouri Legislature end this year?
 Well, you know, we're kind of writing the playbook as we go right now.
 There's probably at least another couple weeks of session.
 I know that again, this is not a special session.
 This was just to start up again, and we were very pleased to be included
 the legislation is being considered but we came out or as we talked about we're out of both chambers
 and now we're in reconciliation so we view that ours is moving forward at a pace that
 Okay, got it. Thank you very much.
 All right.
 The next question comes from Selman Acuil with Stifle.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you. Good morning.
 Lots been asked and answered, so just a few follow-ups and clarifications, if I could.
 Just following up on that last question, so we'll get a legislative response one way or another by the end of the month.
 If that's successful, then can you, does that have any impact on sort of the July outcome, in your opinion?
 Well, I would say that it doesn't directly because it is a looking forward, but I think it what it does is give some
 Hopefully guidance to the commission that what we've been, again, operating under the
 the assumptions for over 15 years has been validated and has been cleaned up if you will
 Again, we think that everything we've been doing from this point forward from when the
 the program went into place has met those requirements.
 I think this reinforces that.
 So hopefully, from the commission's perspective,
 they can use that as far as their decision making
 and the infrastructure that we've been upgrading
 does meet these requirements.
 And I'm sure everyone on the phone is aware, but it's not unusual for a house to produce
 a bill.
 And then the Senate is sent over to the other chamber,
 In this case, the Senate, they pretty much write it the same way, but not exactly the same way.
 So then the committees are created and Steve said it goes to conference so that they can
 settle those differences.
 not unusual at all in the legislative process.
 Right.
 Let me just ask you, your bill is not attached or it doesn't include other things that would
 be controversial per se, so if it could get to the governor's desk, I think he's
 I wouldn't call it controversial, but like a lot of bills, you know, they're written
 in one chamber for specific need, and then it goes to the other chamber and the other
 chamber as
 other elements which is what happened in this instance. So, that's when the due
 committees come together in conference and sort of, quote, clean the bill up, too.
 And that's where we are, and again, that's not uncommon.
 OK.
 I think you referenced additional investment in store or in store for 10 million.
 How much more is to go there?
 Yeah, it's Tom and this is Steve.
 We're still in the process of figuring out
 what our long-term development plan is,
 And obviously given some other things we've been focused on, we're clearly very pleased
 with the operational performance
 of the storage field this winter
 and you saw that in the improved operating results.
 But we haven't yet come up with the longer-range plan, both what our commitment to our investors
 to you all is that we'll continue to bring you along for the journey and so as we think about the
 amount that we are going to spend between now and the next call. That's the $10
 that we increased in our capital spend target.
 OK.
 And then just kind of going back to the effectiveness of the weather mitigation,
 and I know you guys look at ways to improve that.
 that.
 And will that have to wait really until you go through your next rate case in order to
 could it be improved or could it be improved before then?
 That would be yes, so so your your question basically how to get answered is that it is part of the overall rate
 rate structure and so that would be part of our next rate filing, yes.
 Which I would say, again, that's not unusual.
 The two requirements of the rate case are set revenue,
 requirement and rate design and it's very rare for commissions to take up
 up either rate design or revenue requirement outside of the rate case.
 It does occur, but it's very rare.
 And I would just add on, I'll get a little bit of the floor here.
 It's not unusual either for these mitigation mechanisms to be in place as a starting point
 because they are complex, and there are different classes
 customers that even went in those classes people use energy in different
 either all heating or summer or more year-round and those sorts of things so
 They are a bit complex, so I, like Steve and Steve mentioned,
 glad to see the commission work with us and start and we'll continue to refine as we
 about cases over time.
 All right, I appreciate it.
 Thank you very much.
 Thanks, John. Thank you.
 Again, if you have a question, please press star, then one.
 The next question comes from Richard Sunderland with J.P. Morgan.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, good morning. Just just one for me today. Thanks for taking the time be
 The STL pipeline additional capacity, if I missed this earlier, apologies, but any other
 questions?
 update on discussions around contracting that.
 And I would imagine there have been some impacts from COVID.
 So maybe expectations at this point, if any.
 Yeah, thank you for the question.
 We'll continue to look for opportunities, but right now, first of all, I want to confirm
 that it did go in to serve us and served this side of the state very well as we went through
 the winter.
 We'll continue to operate that pipeline the way it was designed to do and access gas from
 the Northeast to bring to this side for our customers here. Again, as opportunities emerge
 but I think a lot of those opportunities have probably been put on standstill right now
 as we're going through some of these challenges but as those opportunities are
 out there, we'll continue to pursue those with the additional capacity.
 Just to follow up real quick, the opportunities as you see them, would those potentially
 be, as soon as, say, 2021, or is this more of a long-dated opportunity to put additional
 contracts in place and then I guess eventually add compression.
 Yeah, so, yeah, good question.
 Good question.
 and we've shared with you in the past,
 absolutely can add compression to the pipeline and again I want to echo Steve's
 comment from an operational perspective, the pipeline has performed very well this past
 winter even I mean it's against the backdrop of a warmer winter but we were
 able to exercise that pipe pretty well and from pressure and flows and so forth it
 operated again very well. There is additional capacity and we can add compression and there
 There is a market and I suspect some of that will depend on how the natural gas and industry
 plays out over time, there's been a lot going on in our industry as far as wells and lock-ins
 and supply sources and those kinds of things.
 So we'll sort that over time, the pipeline operationally.
 and there is a market sitting behind it.
 We'll see how that plays out.
 Thanks for the update.
 Thank you.
 Again, if you have a question, please press star then one.
 Thank you for watching.
 Have a good one.
 Bye.
 At this time, there are no further questions.
 So this concludes our question-and-answer session.
 I would like to turn the conference back over to Scott Dudley for any closing remarks.
 Well, thank you all for joining us.
 I know it's a busy earnings day.
 We're going to be around throughout the rest of the day,
 and we'll look forward to catching up with many of you then.
 The conference is now concluded.
 Thank you for attending today's presentation.
 you may now disconnect.