 Good morning and good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
 Thank you for standing by for Tuantua Limited's 3rd Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 management's prepared remarks, there will be a question and answer session.
 today's conference call is being recorded.
 Now, I will turn the call over to your speaker host today,
 Ms. Cynthia Tan.
 IR director of the company.
 Please go ahead, ma'am.
 Hello, everyone, and welcome to Tauncha, the quarter 2021 Earning Comfort Call.
 We released our earnings results earlier today, and it is now available on our IR website
 as well as on Newswire services.
 Before we continue, please note that this discussion today will continue for a looking
 statement.
 under the State Harbor provision of the U.S. 5th Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
 involved in having these kind of certainties.
 That's all.
 Official results may be materially different from the views expressed today.
 Further information regarding this and other risks and uncertainties is included in our
 earning release, and our decision statement files with the SEC.
 Contra does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as
 Today, you'll hear from Mr. Wei Wen, the company's chief executive officer, who will provide
 and overview of our growth strategies
 and business developments to be followed by Mr. Chen Xiyu,
 Swami, the company's deputy chief financial officer, who will provide additional details
 on the community's financial results and discuss the financial outlook.
 Following management's prepare remarks will open up the call to questions.
 With that said, I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Mr. Wei Wen.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Thank you, Xinxia. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today on our third quarter 2021
 learning course. In this quarter, we will be preserved against a challenging macro environment
 with COVID-19 for their app and a global chip supply shortage.
 that constraints auto production.
 while our revenue contracted by 38.9% year-over-year to 61.1 million IMB.
 Primarily, due to cancellation of a number of our offline order shows in response to
 pandemic conditions.
 Report ahead with our online initiative.
 streamlined our cost base and narrowed our net loss attribute
 attributable to the communist shareholders.
 by 10.7% year-over-year to 36.8 million IMB.
 Before we discuss our third-quarter results in more detail,
 Let's first talk about our strategic plan
 to expand our business into easy manufacturing.
 catering to the rising consumer demand of electric vehicles,
 leveraging our existing platform.
 where I expect we are establishing a new EV business line, including a design
 R&D and the manufacturing team.
 by holding open discussions with potential strategic progress
 of major business transactions.
 if any, in a timely manner.
 China is the largest NEV market in the world, with sales reaching over 1.3 million in 2020,
 close to 44% of all NEVs sold 2021.
 an easy retail sales thing in China.
 rose to 14.8%
 year and 22.6% in December from 5.8% in the year 2020.
 according to the China Passenger Car Association.
 In 2022, N-EVCRs in China are virtually expected to reach 5.5 million, growing at a cover
 of 106 much faster than the overall passenger vehicle market, supported by the Expedite
 I'll see you at the next video.
 establishment of EV infrastructure and technological advancements that have lowered vehicle costs
 as well as improved interactive smart features,
 while government regulation and the industry
 standards on environmental protection, and the emission
 continue to be favorable.
 Many of the emerging NEV OEMs are building a direct sales network
 so that so they can interact firsthand with their users
 our users to shape their purchase experience, and efficiently receive feedback on our user
 needs and the preference to continuously enhance their products and services.
 In this context, we believe we are well positioned to capitalize on consumers' rising demand
 That's all for today.
 Thank you for watching.
 even our commanders.
 customer base
 and the depth and the breadth of our customer insights.
 we have, cumulatively.
 served over 30 million customers, and facilitated more than 1.4 million automobile sales transactions
 with GMA of approximately 200 billion IMB.
 We are our integrated automotive marketplace.
 Furthermore, we have extensive self-operations covering 125 cities as of September 30, 2021
 to enable the success of our EV manufacturing.
 we will harness our leading auto sales capabilities and the sales network
 spanning from first-tier cities to province or countries nationwide.
 through seamlessly integrating our existing platform with the top-tier electric vehicle
 design. R&D and the manufacturing team were building and in-depth cooperation with potential
 Thank you.
 Thank you for watching.
 We are confident this strategic expansion will drive significant synergistic value and
 ensure we secure an important stake in the EV revolution.
 Now, let me provide third-quarter highlights from our business segments.
 First, we further enhanced our solid leadership position in offline marketing service by creating
 new retail consumption scenarios through innovative platforms and a strategic cooperation with
 partners due to curging COVID-19 cases under the industrial wide chip shortages that affected
 the production schedule of many OEMs, many OEMs. The number of auto shows we
 organized were reduced to 65 across 55 cities, compared to 152 older shoes in
 and seven cities in the third quarter of 2020.
 this choose
 Generated net revenues of 33.1 million IMB.
 representing 59.9% year-over-year decrease.
 Look ahead, we will continue to enhance our offline marketing services by leveraging our
 powerful data analysis capabilities and continuing to strengthen our collaboration with strategic
 partners and diversify our retail events and scenarios with more
 creative marketing solutions. We will also conduct further in-depth studies to
 to identify in granular detail.
 with relatively high, higher potential IOI, and fine tune our offline presence and a mix
 of offline and online marketing services accordingly.
 Next, let's move on to our girls initiatives
 in virtual dealership and online marketing services.
 during the third quarter of 2021.
 We extended our online marketing services, penetration by providing best-in-class user
 management.
 online training, and events,
 management services to OEMs and the dealers.
 This improvements led to a 72.6% year-over-year increase in net revenues for virtual dealership
 and the online marketing services.
 going forward.
 We were further appeared on our existing business
 as integrated automotive marketplace
 while leveraging our innovative foundation
 to expand into EV manufacturing.
 following our announcement on January 5, 2022,
 to expand our strategic focus to EV manufacturing.
 We continue to open discussions with potential strategic partners and are only trying to identify
 candidates with highly complementary strengths that will allow the creation of substantial
 your unadjusted value.
 We are optimistic that not as China's auto market undergirds structural changes toward
 smarter and more energy efficient mobility solutions.
 innovative business model.
 Let's use customer base.
 Strong customer insights and our leading auto sales network
 coupled with the top tier design R&D and manufacturing team we are building as well as the in-depth
 cooperation with potential strategic partners
 were unlocked significantly value
 and lay a solid foundation for success.
 Now I will turn the call over to Chen Xi.
 our deputy CFO for a closer look at our financial performance
 in the further quarter.
 Thank you, Mr. Nguyen. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Our third quarter results
 were in line with our expectations, given the weakening
 auto market and the impact from the pandemic,
 with net revenues of 61.1 million RMB.
 to navigate the challenges in the third quarter.
 we remain squarely focused on cost management, cutting out
 net loss attributable to the company's shareholders to 36.8 million NANDB from 41.2 million NANDB
 in the same period last year.
 We are excited our decision to enter the EV manufacturing and are ready to charge a new
 path forward while continuing to pursue innovation and position in the
 company to capitalize on futures consumer demand.
 Next, I would like to work through our third quarter 2021 financial results.
 Before I start, please note that all numbers stated in my following remarks are in harmony,
 unless otherwise noted.
 Our total revenues in the third quarter were 61.1 million RMB, decreasing by 38.9% from
 100 million NANB in the same period last year.
 This was a result of 59.3% year-over-year decrease in revenues generated from offline
 marketing services.
 We progressively reduce our offline auto shows.
 By marketing services revenue generated from these auto shows decreased by 59.9% to 33.1
 million R&B from 82.6 million R&B in the third quarter of 2020.
 Reminisce from special promotion events in the third quarter of 2021, 1.3 million non-be
 compared with $2 million on the third quarter of 2020.
 The revenues from our virtual dealership services, online marketing services, and others increased
 by 72.6% to 26.6 million NB during the quarter compared with 15.4 million NB in the third
 quarter of 2020, primarily due to the continuous expansion of our collaboration with WeBank.
 Our gross profit in the third quarter decreased by 35.1% to 46.8mA from 72.1mA in the third
 quarter of 2020. Gross margin was 76.6 percent in the third quarter of 2021 compared with
 72.1% in the same period last year, primarily due to the change in revenue mix.
 In the third quarter, selling and marketing expenses decreased by 34.6% to 59.9 million
 R&B from 91.6 million R&B in the third quarter of 2020, the year-over-year decrease was primarily
 to the decrease in promotion expenses and staff compensation expenses as a result of
 of decreased volume of offline bends.
 GNA expenses increased to 70,000,000 NB from 15.9,000,000 NB in the third quarter of 2020
 and 14.4 million R&B in the second quarter of 2021.
 research and development expenses with 9.2 million NB compared with 7.1 million NB in
 the third quarter of 2020 and 8.8 million RMB in the second quarter of 2021, primarily
 due to higher staff compensation expenses for research and development personnel.
 loss from continuing operations for 39.3 million nanobis in the third quarter lower compared
 with 42.6 million non-B in the same period last year, and higher compared with 9.3 million
 on the second quarter of 2021, excluding the effects of share-based compensations adjusted
 loss attributable to the company's shareholders with 34.4 million R&B in the third quarter
 compared with 38.3 million nanodeen in the same pure glass shape.
 Adjusted basic diluted net loss per ordinary share
 with both 0.11A in the third quarter compared with 0.13A
 in the same period last year.
 Adjusted EBITDA was a loss of 33.5 million RMB in the third quarter compared with a loss
 of 37 million R&B in the same peers launch ship.
 Now, turning to our balance sheet, at the end of September 2021, we had cash and cash
 and restricted cash of $134.3 million for further details regarding our 20-21-30 financial
 results.
 please refer to our earnings repress release.
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, we expect our net revenues to be between approximately
 70,000,000 NB and 80,000,000 NB representing a year-over-year decrease of approximately
 57.8% to 51.7%.
 This is primarily attributable to the estimated decline in the expected number of offline events
 to be held in the fourth quarter of 2021, including auto shows and special promotion events due
 due to the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the impact of global microchips supply shortage
 and the auto industry.
 This forecast reflects the company's current and preliminary views on the market and to
 operational conditions, as well as the influence of the COVID-19 pandemic, all of which are
 subject to change.
 This concludes our prepared remarks for today.
 Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
 Thank you.
 We will now begin the question and answer session
 To ask a question, you may press star then one
 on your telephone keypad.
 if you are using a speaker phone.
 Please pick up your handset before pressing the keys, if any time your question has been
 addressed and you would like to withdraw your question, please press star than two for the
 the benefit of all participants on today's call.
 If you wish to ask your question to management,
 in Chinese.
 Please immediately repeat your question in English.
 At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster.
 Thank you.
 This, as there are no further questions now, I'd like to turn the call back over to the
 company for closing remarks.
 Thank you once again for joining us today.
 If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.
 This concludes this conference call.
 You may now disconnect your line.
 Thank you