 Good morning and good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
 Thank you for standing by for Tuan Chiu Limited's third quarter 2021 earnings conference call.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 After management's prepared remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session.
 Today's conference call is being recorded.
 Now, I will turn the call over to your speaker host today, Ms. Cynthia Tan, IR Director of the company.
 Please go ahead and turn the call over to your speaker host today.
 Go ahead, ma'am.
 Hello, everyone, and welcome to Sancho, the quarter 2021 earning conference call.
 We released our earning results earlier today, and it is now available on our IR website
 as well as our newswire services.
 Before we continue, please note that discussion today will contain forward-looking statements
 made under the safe harbor provision of the U.S.
 Private Security Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
 Foreign-looking statements involve inherent risk and uncertainties.
 As such, our future results may be materially different from the views expressed today.
 Further information regarding this and other risks and uncertainties is included in our earning release
 and our registration statement filed with the SEC.
 Concho does not assume any obligation to update any forward-looking statements except as required by law.
 Today, you'll hear from Mr. Wei Wen, the company's chief executive officer, who will provide an overview of our growth strategies and business developments.
 He'll be followed by Mr. Chen Xiyu, Ronny, the company's deputy chief financial officer,
 who will provide additional details on the company's financial results
 and discuss the financial outlook.
 following management's preparing marks
 will open up the call to questions.
 With that said, I would now like to turn the call over to our CEO, Mr. Wei Wen.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 Thank you, Cynthia.
 Hello, everyone.
 Thank you for joining us today on our third quarter 2021 earnings call.
 In this quarter, we have preserved against a challenging macroenvironment with COVID-19 flare-ups and a global chip supply shortage.
 that constrain auto production.
 while our revenue contracted by 38.9% year-over-year to 61.1 million RMB.
 primarily due to cancellation of a number of our offline order shows in response to pandemic conditions.
 We forged ahead with our online initiatives, streamlined our cost base, and narrowed our
 net loss attribute
 attributable to the company's shareholders by 10.7% year-over-year to 36.8 million RMB.
 Before we discuss our third quarter results in more detail,
 Let's first talk about our strategic plan to expand our business into easy manufacturing.
 catering to the rising consumer demand
 of electric vehicles
 leveraging our existing platform
 We are establishing a new EV business line, including a design, R&D, and manufacturing team.
 Why hoarding?
 open discussions
 With potential, we will announce the progress of major business transactions, if any, in a timely manner.
 China is the largest NEV market in the world
 reaching over 1.3 million in 2020, representing close to 44% of all NEVs sold globally.
 In 2021, NEV retail sales in China rose to 14.8% throughout the year and 22.6% in December
 from
 5.8% in the year 2020.
 according to the China Passenger Car Association.
 much faster than the overall passenger vehicle market, supported by the
 Expedited
 establishment of
 easy
 infrastructure
 and technological
 advancements
 that have lowered vehicle costs
 as well as improved interactive smart features
 features, while government regulation and industry standards on environmental protection
 and the emission continue to be favorable.
 many of the
 emerging NEVOM
 are building a direct sales network
 so they can interact firsthand with their users
 to shape their purchase experience
 and efficiently receive feedback on our user needs and the preference to continuously enhance their products and services.
 In this context, we believe we are well positioned to capitalize on consumers' rising demand for EVs given our tremendous customer base and the depth and breadth of our customer insights.
 We have cumulatively served over 30 million customers
 and facilitated more than 1.4 million automobile sales transactions
 with GME of
 approximately
 200 billion RMB
 We are our integrated automotive marketplace.
 Furthermore, we have extensive sales operations covering 125 cities as of September 30, 2021.
 To enable the success of our EV manufacturing, we will harness our leading auto-sales capabilities
 and the sales network spanning from first-tier cities to provincial countries nationwide.
 through seamlessly integrating our existing platform
 with the top tier electric vehicle design,
 R&D and the manufacturing team we are building.
 and an in-depth cooperation with potential strategic partners.
 We are confident this strategic expansion will drive significant synergistic value
 and ensure we secure an important stake in the EV revolution.
 solution.
 Now, let me provide third quarter highlights from our business segments.
 First, we further enhanced our solid leadership position in offline marketing service by creating
 new retail consumption
 the nearest
 due to surging COVID-19 cases and the industry-wide chip shortages
 that affected the production schedule of many OEMs.
 Many OEMs.
 The number of auto shows we organized were reduced to 65 across 55 cities.
 compared to 152 older shoes in 107 cities in the third quarter of 2020.
 This shows generated net revenues of 33.1 million RMB, representing a 59.9% year-over-year decrease.
 Looking ahead, we will continue to enhance our offline marketing services
 by leveraging our powerful data analysis capabilities
 and continuing to strengthen our collaboration
 with strategic partners and
 diversify our retail
 events
 and scenarios with more creative marketing solutions.
 We will also conduct further in-depth studies to identify, in granular detail, areas with
 relatively higher potential IOI and fine-tune our offline presence and mix of offline and
 marketing services accordingly.
 Next, let's move on to our growth initiatives in virtual dealership and online marketing services.
 During the third quarter of 2021, we extended our online marketing services.
 penetration by providing best-in-class user management, online training, and
 events management services to OEMs and dealers.
 These improvements led to a 72.6% year-over-year increase in net revenues for virtual dealership and online marketing services.
 Going forward, we will further build on our existing business as an integrated automotive
 marketplace while leveraging our innovative foundation to expand into EV manufacturing.
 following our announcement on January 5, 2022,
 to expand our strategic focus to EV manufacturing,
 we continued open discussions with potential strategic partners
 and are on track to identify candidates with highly complementary strengths
 that will allow the creation of substantial synergistic value.
 We are optimistic that as China's oil market undergoes structural changes
 toward a smarter and more energy-efficient mobility solution.
 Our innovative business model, massive customer base, strong customer insights,
 and our leading auto-cells network coupled with the top-tier design R&D and
 and manufacturing team were building, as well as the in-depth cooperation with potential strategic partners
 were unlocked significant
 value and lay a solid foundation for success.
 Now I will turn the call over to Chen Xi, our deputy CFO, for a closer look at our financial performance in the third quarter.
 Thank you, Mr. Nguyen.
 Hello everyone.
 thank you for joining us. Our third quarter results were in line with our
 expectations given the weakening auto market and the impact from the pandemic with net revenues of
 61.1 million RMB.
 To navigate the challenges in the third quarter, we remain squarely focused on cost management, cutting a net loss attributable to the company's shareholders to 36.8 million RMB from 41.2 million RMB in the same period last year.
 We are excited our our decision to enter the EV manufacturing and
 and are ready to chart a new path forward while continuing to pursue innovation
 and positioning the company to capitalize on future consumer demand.
 Next, I would like to work through our Q3 2021 financial results. Before I start, please
 Please note that all numbers stated in my following remarks are in R&B, unless otherwise
 noted. Our total revenues in the third quarter were 61.1 million RMB, decreasing
 by 38.9% from 100 million RMB in the same period last year.
 This was a result of 59.3% year-over-year decrease in revenues generated from offline
 marketing services.
 As we progressively resume our offline auto-shows, offline marketing services revenue generated
 from these auto shows decreased by 59.9% to 33.1 million RMB from 82.6 million RMB in
 in the third quarter of 2020.
 Revenues from special promotion events
 in the third quarter of 2021, $1.3 million
 compared with $2 million in the third quarter of 2020.
 revenues from our virtual dealership services,
 Online marketing services and others increased by 72.6% to 26.6 million RMB during the quarter
 compared with 15.4 million RMB in the third quarter of 2020, primarily due to the continuous
 expansion of our collaboration with WeBank.
 Our gross profit in the third quarter decreased by 35.1% to 46.8 million RMB from 72.1 million RMB in the third quarter of 2020.
 Gross margin was 76.6% in the third quarter of 2021, compared with 72.1% in the same period last year, primarily due to the change in revenue means.
 in the third quarter
 Selling and marketing expenses decreased by 34.6% to 59.9 million RMB from 91.6 million RMB in the third quarter of 2020.
 The year-over-year decrease was primarily due to the decrease in promotion expenses and
 staff compensation expenses as a result of decreased volume of offline events.
 G&A expenses increased to 17 million RMB from 15.9 million RMB in the third quarter of 2020
 and 14.4 million RMB in the second quarter of 2021.
 Research and development expenses were 9.2 million RMB compared with
 7.1 million RMB in the third quarter of 2020 and 8.8 million RMB in the second quarter of 2021.
 primarily due to higher staff compensation expenses for research and development personnel.
 Our loss from continuing operations was 39.3 million RMB in the third quarter, lower compared
 with 42.6 million NB in the same period last year, and higher compared with 9.3 million
 NB in the same period last year, and higher compared with 9.3 million NB in the same period
 the second quarter of 2021, excluding the effects of share-based compensations, adjusted
 net loss attributable to the company's shareholders was 34.4 million RMB in the third quarter
 compared with 38.3 million in the same period last year. Adjust the basic
 a diluted net loss per ordinary share with both 0.11 RMB in the third quarter compared
 with 0.13 AMB in the same period last year.
 Adjusted EBITDA was a loss of 33.5 million RMB in the third quarter compared with a loss
 of 37 million R&B in the same period of long-shape.
 Now, turning to our balance sheet, at the end of September 2021, we had cash and cash
 equivalents and restricted cash
 of 134.3 million RMB. For further details regarding our 2021-30 financial results, please refer
 to our earnings press release.
 In the fourth quarter of 2021, we expect our net revenues to be between approximately
 70 million RMB and 80 million RMB, representing a year-over-year decrease of approximately
 57.8%
 to 51.7%.
 This is primarily attributable to the estimated decline in the expected number of offline
 events to be held in the fourth quarter of 2021, including auto shows and special promotion
 events.
 due to the COVID-19 pandemic,
 as well as the impact of global microchip supply shortage
 the auto industry. This forecast reflects the company's current and preliminary views
 on the market and operational conditions, as well as the influence of the COVID-19 pandemic,
 all of which are subject to change.
 This concludes our prepared remarks for today.
 Operator, we are now ready to take questions. Thank you.
 We will now begin the question and answer session.
 To ask a question, you may press star, then one, on your telephone keypad.
 If you are using a speakerphone, please pick up your handset before pressing the keys.
 If at any time your question has been addressed and you would like to withdraw your question, please press star than 2.
 for the benefit of all participants on today's call.
 If you wish to ask your question to management in Chinese, please immediately repeat your question in English.
 At this time, we will pause momentarily to assemble our roster.
 Thank you.
 As there are no further questions now, I'd like to turn the call back over to the company for closing remarks.
 Thank you once again for joining us today.
 If you have any questions, please feel free to contact us.
 This concludes this conference call.
 You may now disconnect your line.
 Thank you.