 Thanks Ludwig.
 Starting with slide 8, total reported revenues in the third quarter were at $859 million
 and grew 8% year over year.
 As we had forecasted and previously communicated, growth this quarter was lower than the previous
 two quarters due to a few factors. First, the second quarter benefited from approximately
 $35 million through the timing of orders, which directly impacted quarter over quarter
 in year-over-year growth for this quarter.
 Second, the impact from 1210 in other clinical trial enrollment
 increase. We estimate that this impact in Q3 was approximately $30 million, versus approximately
 20 million for the first half of the year. This is a welcome headwind as we
 continues to advance this program.
 In third, pricing was a 1% headwind in Q3.
 a slight increase versus the first half of the year, although lower than we had anticipated.
 The third quarter, non-gap earnings per share of $1.44,
 grew a strong 17% year over year.
 Moving to slide nine, our product sales were driven by growth in the U.S., Europe, and
 Asia-Pacific region, whereas growth in the rest of the world was impacted by the timing
 of orders.
 You can see we delivered a 9% increase in volume, partially offset by FX headwind of
 less than 1%, inclusive of hedging, in a pricing headwind of 1%, compared to the same period
 last year.
 Turning to slide 10, Solaris Revenue with $756 million in year-over-year volume growth
 was 3%. 1210 and other clinical trial enrollment was an approximately 4% headwind to year over
 year volume growth.
 with the largest geographic impact from enrollment in Europe
 in the Asia PAC region.
 Importantly, when you strip away a number
 of the moving pieces over the last few quarters,
 We continue to see underlying volume growth for solaris
 maintaining its momentum.
 more specifically when adjusting for 1210
 In ordering patterns, Q3 volume growth was around 13%,
 which is consistent with what we've seen in the last five quarters.
 As shown on slide 11, we reported strentic revenue of $87 million as we have continued
 continued momentum from existing patients continuing on therapy, as well as new patient
 additions.
 This was impacted by changes to our pricing strategy in the U.S. as we work with payers
 to better align the value for higher-dose patients.
 Looking at Canuma, we achieved revenues of $16 million.
 turning to operating margin on slide 10.
 During the quarter, we delivered a non-gap operating margin
 45% benefiting from revenue growth and focused on operating expenses.
 GAP R&D was $175 million or 20% of total revenue.
 The decreased R&D spent compared to the third quarter of 2016 was due to cost savings from
 announced the prioritized programs and terminated partnerships offset by increased investments
 in 1210.
 Additionally, R&D spent in Q3 of this year benefited by approximately $6 million due
 to the timing of batches of clinical drug compared to our expectations.
 This expense is now expected in Q4.
 The non-GAF SG&A was $230 million, 27% of total revenue.
 The year-over-year increase includes spend associated with the build of the dedicated
 field teams in preparation for the GMG launches in the U.S., Germany and Japan.
 The effective tax rate in the quarter was 10% and benefitted from the conclusion of
 Routine IRS Audit for the years 2013 and 2014. This contributed approximately $0.07 to non-gap
 burnings per share in the quarter.
 For the full year, we now expect the tax rate to be between 12% and 13%, including this
 benefit and expect an increase to 13 to 15 percent in 2018.
 Non-GAP EPS in the quarter of $1.44 grew 17% year-over-year, driven largely by revenue
 growth in a favorable patch rate.
 We reported Q3 gap EPS of $0.35 and recognized $164 million in restructuring and related
 expenses as outlined on slide 13.
 The majority of these expenses were associated
 with our planned closure of the Rhode Island
 manufacturing facility, and employee separation cost.
 Of the 164 million, 74 million will be cash outlays.
 In the quarter, we generated over $580 million in free cash flow, and ended September 30th
 with approximately $1.5 billion in cash
 and marketable securities,
 of which approximately 35% is in the United States.
 We repurchased approximately 475,000 shares in the quarter.
 Let's now turn to slide 14 and walk through the full year guidance and a few items to keep in mind as we move forward.
 total revenues are now expected to be between $3.475 to $3.525 billion.
 up from our prior guidance range of $3.45 to $3.525 billion.
 billion dollars. We're effectively increasing the low end of the revenue range. At the midpoint,
 This represents 13% total revenue growth year over year.
 This includes an updated estimate of $30 to $40 million
 of foreign currency headwind.
 in our expectations for the impact of 12.10
 and other trials on Solaris,
 which I'll discuss in a moment.
 Excluding these, revenue growth would be approximately 17 percent.
 For Solaris, our revenue guidance is $3.09 to $3.125 billion.
 Similarly, we've increased the low end of the range.
 This assumes continued underlying volume growth with PNH and HUS globally.
 It also assumes the impact of Solaris revenue from ongoing 1210 trials, as well as other studies,
 which we believe will fall within 80 to 90 million dollars now.
 To touch briefly on 2018, we do expect incremental headwinds
 Solaris Reveno from the 12 tons studies given the ramp of enrollment through 2017 in that
 that these patients will remain in extension studies until a regulatory decision which
 which were targeting for P&H in the first half of 2019.
 In addition,
 We expect some limited incremental headwinds due to our plan to initiate a phase three
 sub-Q study in 2018.
 with regards to the MG launch.
 Given the timing and the year,
 we expect limited contribution from MG in Q4, 2017.
 Turning to Metabolic.
 Our revenue guidance is 385 to $400 million, which is also an increase at the low end
 of the range.
 Staff operating margin is expected to be between 16 and 19 percent with the reduction due to
 to restructuring in related expenses.
 Our on-gap operating margin guidance is unchanged.
 anticipate the
 .
 sequential increase in operating expenses in the fourth quarter due to seasonal medical
 congresses, as well as the timing of clinical drug batches that previously mentioned.
 This will be partially offset by savings from the restructuring.
 The guidance now assumes a non-gap effective tax rate
 of 12% to 13% versus our prior expectations of 13% to 14%.
 That burnings per share of $2 to $2.35
 includes the restructuring and related expenses.
 Our revised non-gap earnings per share guidance
 is $5.50 to $5.65, an increase over a prior guidance range of $5.40 to $5.55.
 This CPS guidance represents approximately 21 percent growth at the midpoint of the range.
 Turning to slide 15, we're executing on the restructuring plan.
 we provided last month in working towards the 2019 financial ambitions as shown on slide 16.
 These include double-digit revenue growth, operating margin growing to 50% in 2019, and
 leverage from the top line to the bottom line, leading to greater non-gap EPS growth.
 we anticipate delivering on these objectives
 while simultaneously investing in our pipeline
 including through disciplined business development.
 On this note, I'm pleased to announce
 that Dr. Aradna Srin will be joining us.
 Senior Vice President of Business Development and Corporate Strategy.
 Aradna brings to Alexion over 20 years of professional experience at Global Financial
 institutions, has a strong orientation for science, and
 an excellent understanding of the sector
 in deep transactional experience.
 We'll now turn the call over to Brian.
 Thank you.
 question.
 And I think what you noted is probably the soft spot in terms of our affiliate performance
 with respect to the kind of affiliates around the world.
 when we kind of dialed down the dynamics in Latin America
 around ordering in the macro trends
 that I think have probably come in across the whole sector
 is actually, we think it is impacting us as well.
 So I think some of those countries there
 which had been growth countries, probably, you know,
 will probably won't be growth countries in the future.
 But even in light of that, what we're seeing is, on a global basis, kind of maintaining
 overall global volume trends that we've seen over the last five, six, seven quarters.
 Let me try to take this is Paul Jeff. Thanks. Thanks for the question. I think I understand it. It's a little bit
 with China, we've been.
 I don't think we think that our business development effort
 per se are tied to progression on 1210.
 No doubt, we've been talking about it kind of for the last 90 days, and that comes a
 a lot in terms of an outgrowth of prioritizing the pipeline and a number of terminated programs
 that we certainly feel great about 1210
 as a pipeline within itself in kind of that alone.
 But beyond that, we certainly need, we believe we need to rebuild the pipeline.
 I would characterize it, despite we've talked about it, is that while we have a good sense
 of what we want to do with respect to strategy, moving from ultra rare to rare, staying in
 in the disease areas of focus, leveraging our development capabilities in rare disease
 and our...
 launch and commercial capabilities,
 and pointing towards kind of phase one, phase two assets.
 I'd still characterize it as we're building internally
 a set of capabilities to be able to do this
 over a long period of time.
 We just hired a new head of the group.
 We'll build out the team even more.
 I think we still have to get into the flow
 before we actually begin executing transactions.
 And Matt, this is Paul with respect to the second part, the second question.
 And we absolutely have a sense of urgency here.
 I mean it's a new team here, a new business development team being formed.
 We will undoubtedly balance that with focusing on quality.
 not quantity of assets.
 I fundamentally believe that in where we're looking strategically,
 It is likely to be more competition than it was five or ten years ago, but the opportunity
 set is probably off-set set, so I think that in input.
 but I think absolutely sense of urgency balanced
 by making sure we get quality effort.
 Starting point, as we talked before, it just is trying to adjust for a slightly different
 mixed between pediatrics and adults
 that was originally thought through.
 So I think of it as not really changing our outlook at all
 for essentially what it could achieve in terms of peak sales.
 I think it's actually just the smart strategy
 working with payers in the United States.
 Yeah, this is Paul. I think your question is focused on Stellaris, but I'll actually
 broaden it out as well.
 What we're no doubt seeing is growth across P&H and HUS, but HUS outpacing the growth of P&H.
 That is relatively consistent and we actually have a few markets where our best estimate
 of revenue is that HUS is now criss-crossed over P&H in, you know, hope that that continues
 on without sacrificing obviously continued P&H penetration where in both indications
 They're quite a lot of headroom.
 No doubt, what we hope is MG ends up kind of being a big kind of accelerator as well.
 The timing of that is still unclear as they kind of really kick in and, you know, twelve
 months out, or six months out, or whatever the timing is.
 And, you know, I think the metabolic franchise for us,
 driven by Strenzik, I think can continue
 to be meaningful contributions to, you know,
 if you will, almost the cause of change.