 Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to Constellium's second quarter
 2020 results call.
 At this time,
 all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 Later, we will conduct a question and answer session, and instructions will follow at that
 time.
 If anyone should require assistance during the conference, please press star zero on your touchtone telephone.
 As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host today, Mr. Ryan Wendling, Director of Investor Relations.
 Sir, please go ahead.
 Thank you, Operator.
 I would like to welcome everyone to our second quarter 2020 earnings call.
 On the call today are our Chief Executive Officer, Jean-Marc Germain,
 and our Chief Financial Officer, Peter Matt.
 After the presentation, we will have a Q&A session.
 A copy of the slide presentation for today's call is available on our website at constellium.com.
 and today's call
 is being recorded.
 Before we begin, I'd like to encourage everyone to visit the company's website
 and take a look at our recent filings.
 Today's call may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities
 Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
 Such statements include statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating
 performance, future events, and
 expectations and may involve
 known and unknown risks and uncertainties.
 for a summary of specific risk factors
 that could cause results
 to differ materially from those
 expressed in the forward-looking statements.
 Please refer to the factors presented under the heading
 risk factors in our annual report on Form 20F.
 All information in this presentation is as of the date of the presentation.
 We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement.
 as a result of new information
 future events or otherwise, except as
 required by law.
 In addition, today's presentation includes information regarding certain non-GAAP financial
 measures.
 Please see the reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures attached in today's slide
 presentation with
 supplement our IFRS disclosures.
 I would now like to hand the call over to John Mark.
 Thanks, Fran.
 Good morning, good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for your interest in Constellia.
 let's turn to slide 5
 At Costellion, the health and safety of our employees is our first priority.
 We have implemented many initiatives to protect our employees in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
 We have provided our personnel
 with personal protective equipment,
 increased cleaning and sanitation,
 We're allowed for an enforced social distancing
 and work to raise awareness with our employees.
 I want to personally thank our employees
 for taking this seriously
 and following the precautions we have put into place.
 As of last Friday, approximately one-half of one percent of our employees have tested
 positive for COVID-19, and all of whom have recovered or are recovering.
 Needless to say, we may not be able to do that.
 must remain vigilant.
 During the second quarter, our plants operated well, despite the significant disruptions to customer demand from lockdowns in both Europe and the U.S.
 As I'm speaking, all our plants are running now and well.
 We are carefully monitoring COVID-19 hotspots,
 both for the health of our employees and any potential impacts on supply chains.
 The demand for our products gradually increased
 during the course of the second quarter.
 and this trend has continued into July.
 However, both levels of demand and visibility from our customers remain below historical
 level.
 we took strong
 actions to combat the effects of the pandemic on our business.
 We aggressively reduced our costs,
 including flexing variable costs to match production levels,
 reducing fixed costs and lowering our targeted
 of capital expenditures.
 Over 40% of our workforce, we're on some type of
 partial unemployment or temporary layoff scheme
 during the quarter.
 Where appropriate, we have also implemented
 permanent headcount reduction.
 Our ability to flex cuffs was slightly better than the scenario we provided last quarter.
 this was a great achievement
 by the entire Constitium team
 and demonstrated our flexibility and resilience.
 Our liquidity at the end of the quarter
 was 949 million euros, an increase of over 300 million euros
 million euros compared to the end of the first quarter.
 we added an additional 50 million euros of liquidity
 in July through credit facilities
 supported by the German state,
 bringing our pro forma liquidity
 to approximately 1 billion euros.
 In June, we accessed the debt market to refinance our 2021 bonds.
 This transaction removed our only near-term bond maturity at a very attractive coupon.
 In conclusion, with the significant actions we have taken,
 I am very confident in our ability
 to navigate through this crisis.
 On slide six, you will see some of our highlights
 from the second quarter of 2020.
 Shipments were 310,000 metric tons,
 a decrease of 25% compared to the second quarter of 2019.
 Revenue decreased 33% to 1 billion euros.
 of the roughly 500 million euro decline in revenue
 compared to the second quarter of last year,
 two-thirds was related to lower shipments,
 and one-third was related to lower metal prices.
 I'll remind you that while our revenues are affected
 by changes in metal prices,
 we operate a pass-through business model
 to minimize metal risk.
 loss of 32 million euros
 compared to net income of €17 million in the second quarter of 2019.
 EBITDA of 81 million euros decreased 51% compared to the second quarter of 2019, with a strong
 focus on cost control, we are able to offset a significant part of the volume
 Edwins to adjusted EBITDA across each of our business units.
 I am proud of what the team was able to achieve
 in a challenging environment.
 Custadium generated 228 million of adjusted EBITDA in the first half, a decline of 24%
 compared to the first six months of last year.
 Our free cash flow was negative 33 million euros
 in the second quarter of 2020.
 This result would not have been possible
 without our strong actions to reduce costs
 and capital expenditures,
 and cash expenditures of all sorts.
 Our free cash flow for the first half of 2020
 was 54 million euros.
 based on our current
 view of market conditions, we expect
 to generate
 positive free cash flow in 2020.
 I will now hand over to Peter to discuss our financial performance in more detail.
 Peter.
 Thank you, Jean-Marc, and thank you everyone
 for joining the call today.
 Turning now to slide eight, you will find the change
 adjusted EBITDA by segment for the second quarter and the first half of 2020 compared
 to the same periods of last year.
 the second quarter of 2020, Constellium achieved 81 million euros of adjusted
 to the second quarter of 2020, Constellium achieved 81 million euros of adjusted to the
 a decrease of 86 million
 year olds or 51%
 year-over-year.
 PARP adjusted EBITDA of 58 million euros decreased by 21 million euros, or 27% compared to last year.
 A&T adjusted EBITDA of 31 million euros decreased by 33 million euros or 51% compared to the
 second quarter of 2019.
 AS&I adjusted EBITDA of negative 1 million euros decreased by 31 million euros compared to last year.
 Lastly, holdings and corporate costs of 7 million euros were 1 million euros higher than last year.
 In the first six months of 2020,
 Constellium achieved 228 million euros of adjusted EBITDA, a decrease of 74 million euros, or 24%, year-over-year.
 Part adjusted EBITDA of 124 million euros decreased by 14 million euros, or 11% compared
 to last year.
 A&T adjusted EBITDA of 83 million euros decreased by 33 million euros, or 28%, compared to the
 first six months of 2019.
 AS&I adjusted EBITDA of 33 million euros decreased by 26 million euros, or 44% compared to last year.
 lastly
 holdings and corporate costs of 12 million euros
 were 1 million euros higher than last year.
 We expect agency costs of approximately 20 million euros in 2020.
 2020. Now, turn to slide 9, and let's focus on the PARP segment.
 Adjusted EBITDA of 58 million euros decreased 27% compared to the second quarter of last year.
 volume was a headwind of 41 million
 Euros in the quarter. Packaging shipments fell by
 12%, primarily as a result of the temporary shutdown
 found in March of our Noeuf-Bersac plant in France
 due to COVID-19.
 shipments to the North American canned sheet market
 increased slightly year over year.
 Automotive shipments declined 54% compared to last year.
 as many of our automotive OEM customers
 curtailed production
 for April and most of May.
 Price and mix was a headwind of 2 million euros.
 Costs were a tailwind of 21 million euros due to strong, broad-based cost control with labor and maintenance as important contributors.
 Metal costs were neutral in the quarter
 as we faced difficult year-over-year comps.
 UBC supply chain challenges, and lower metal prices.
 Fx translation was a tailwind of 1 million euros.
 Now, turn to slide 10, and let's focus on the A&T segment.
 Adjusted EBITDA of 31 million euros decreased by 51% compared to last year.
 Volume was a headwind of 46 million euros on lower aerospace and TID shipments.
 Aerospace shipments fell 37% compared to last year as aerospace OEMs and distributors began to reduce orders.
 TID shipments declined by 20% due to lower industrial activity in both Europe and the U.S.
 Price and mix was a 3 million euro headwind due to lower aerospace shipments.
 Costs were a tailwind of 15 million euros due to strong broad-based cost control
 with labor, metal, and maintenance as important contributors.
 users.
 Lastly, FX Translation was a 1 million euro tailwind in the quarter.
 Now, turn to slide 11, and let's focus on the AS&I segment.
 adjustment.
 Adjusted EBITDA of negative 1 million euros
 decreased by 31 million euros
 as compared to the second quarter of 2019.
 Volume was a 31 million euro headwind.
 Automotive shipments declined 52% compared to last year due to customer shutdowns for a significant portion of the quarter.
 Industry shipments declined 16% due to lower industrial activity in Europe.
 Price and mix was a 9 million euro headwind partially due to price and mix as a consequence of weaker market conditions.
 Costs were a 9 million euro tailwind on strong cost control with labor, energy, and fixed costs as important contributors.
 Lastly, FX translation was a one-million-year-old headwind in the quarter.
 Now, turning to slide 12, I want to highlight our very strong cost performance during the second quarter.
 In the second quarter, we managed to flex our cost by 83%.
 Cost Flex represents the change of cost over the change of revenues for the second quarter of 2020 compared to the second quarter of 2019.
 Effectively, for every dollar change in revenue, we were able to flex our cost by $0.83.
 cents. This compares
 favorably to the 75%
 variable cost estimate we provided
 last quarter. At the bottom of the page, you can see that
 each of our businesses demonstrated strong cost control
 with PARP at 92%, cost flex, and A&T and AS&I at 75%.
 To put this in context,
 excluding metal and depreciation
 we reduced cost by approximately
 100 million euros compared to the second quarter of last year.
 These cost savings were driven by strong cost control across the businesses, including labor, maintenance, professional fees, subcontractors, and energy.
 I will note that our second quarter 2020 figures include approximately a 15 million euro benefit from European state employment aid related to COVID-19.
 I want to congratulate the team for the aggressive actions taken on COF.
 We will continue to maintain our strong focus on cost control,
 particularly given the uncertain
 demand environment. Now, let's turn to
 slide 13 and discuss our balance sheet and liquidity position.
 At the end of the second quarter, our leverage was 4.4 times
 and our net debt was 2.2 billion euros,
 slightly lower than our net debt position at the end of 2019.
 We remain very committed to capital discipline.
 We reduced our 2020 CapEx target to approximately 175 million euros, a 96 million reduction
 and euro reduction from 2019.
 Through the first half of 2020,
 we've spent 32 million euros less in capex
 than in the same period of last year.
 Our free cash flow for the second quarter
 was negative 33 million euros.
 During the quarter, as a consequence of lower activity,
 our factored receivables were lower than the levels that we have maintained in recent quarters
 and negatively impacted our free cash flow
 by 73 million euros.
 we would expect
 the reverse to occur as
 activity levels increase.
 Excluding the impact of factoring, the company actually generated positive free cash flow
 in the second quarter, which is a
 very impressive
 outcome, in my view.
 Our free cash flow for the first half of 2020
 was 54 million euros.
 As Jean-Marc noted earlier, we expect to generate positive free cash flow in 2020 based on our current view of market conditions.
 Generating free cash flow is a firm priority, and we remain committed to deleveraging.
 As you can see in our debt summary on the bottom left-hand side of the page,
 We have no bond maturities until 2024.
 During the quarter, we refinanced the remaining $200 million of our four and five-eighths percent notes due 2021 with $325 million of five and five-eighths percent notes due 2028.
 2028. While we initially planned to repay the 21
 funds with free cash flow, we felt it was prudent to remove this near-term maturity
 given the favorable debt market conditions.
 Notably, this was the lowest coupon dollar bond that Constellium has ever priced.
 a considerable achievement in the midst of a pandemic.
 As a result of our financing activities thus far in 2020, we now expect cash interest of 150 to 160 million euros.
 Our cash plus amounts available under our committed facilities was 949 million euros at the end of the second quarter.
 As Jean-Marc noted, we added 50 million euros to this balance in July, and we remain very comfortable in our liquidity position.
 I will now hand the call back to Joe Mark.
 Thank you, Peter.
 Let's turn to side 15.
 I wanna highlight something that is core to our business.
 sustainability.
 In early July, we published our 2019 business
 sustainability report which you can find on our website. I'd like to point out a
 a few highlights from 2019.
 Safety is our first priority.
 Our target is to reduce our recordable case rates
 by 10% year after year.
 Between 2016 and 2019,
 Our recordable case rate decreased by 27%,
 and we are trending very well this year.
 This means that more of our colleagues
 are returning home injury-free every day.
 We also improved our energy efficiency
 by 6.4% compared to a 2015 baseline.
 That is the equivalent of 100,000 metric tons of CO2
 savings every year.
 Further, we introduced a 2025 target to reduce greenhouse gas emission intensity by 25% against the 2015 baseline,
 and we have a detailed plan
 to achieve this target.
 As many of you know, recycling is a core competency at Constellium.
 Aluminum is infinitely recyclable
 with 75% of all aluminum ever produced,
 still in use today.
 Muscle Shoals is one of the largest recyclers
 of aluminum cans globally.
 with the capacity to recycle over 20 billion cans every year.
 At Neuve Prisac, we also recycle the equivalent
 of 12 billion beverage cans every year.
 As a company, Constellium recycled
 over 560,000 metric tons of externally sourced
 aluminum scrap in 2019.
 I am also proud that
 The third parties are recognizing Constellion
 for our sustainability achievements.
 The Aluminum Stewardship Initiative, or ASI,
 is an industry-led initiative to drive sustainability
 across the entire aluminum value chain
 from producers to customers.
 In 2019, we received ASI certifications
 for Zingen's casting and rolling operations,
 and we began producing ASA certified clothes
 for our customers from Zyngan in 2020.
 We also received ASI certification
 of our Nefbrisak facility under provisional COVID conditions
 in 2020.
 We achieved the EcoVaris Platinum Rating, which is awarded to the top 1% of companies
 is assessed worldwide.
 and we received an ESG rating of AA from MSCI,
 placing us in the top 5% of our sector.
 Overall, we had a very successful year on our sustainability objectives in 2019, and
 And I look forward to continuing our progress
 on these very important initiatives.
 Now, let's turn to slide 16 and discuss our end markets.
 We believe our balanced portfolio of products across end markets, geographies, and customers
 is a competitive advantage during challenging times like these.
 I'll start with the packaging market.
 Packaging is a core market for Constitian
 and represented 38% of our LTM revenue.
 We continue to see strong demand in North America
 and stable demand in Europe.
 further evidence that this market is both recession resilient and secular growth.
 We believe the packaging market has long-term secular growth tailwinds driven by customer
 preference for aluminum cans.
 Our customers continue to invest in new can lines, with several additional investments
 in North America just announced in the last week.
 These additional lines should drive incremental demand
 for canned heat in the years to come.
 The consumer preference trend is only one of the tailwinds for canned heat.
 In Europe, the demand for can sheet continues to grow based on substitution of aluminum for steel.
 In the U.S., we continue to expect the growth of autobody sheet demand
 to tighten supply
 to the packaging market over the medium to long term.
 Now, let's move to automotive.
 Over the long-term, automotive remains a secular growth market for aluminum.
 customers continue to prefer larger vehicles
 With regulations aimed at increasing fuel efficiency and reducing emissions, the automotive
 market will need to continue to light weight.
 In addition, we expect hybrid and electric vehicles to continue to gain share of the
 fleet.
 These vehicles are aluminum-intensive due to the importance of light weighting to achieve
 their range objectives.
 Constellium is well positioned to realize the benefits of this circular shift to aluminum
 in automotive and the electrification of the fleet.
 Moving to more recent trends,
 Automotive OEMs began curtailing production in March and largely resumed production in May.
 While demand from our customers increased significantly in June, we have experienced uneven demand
 and for our products as a result of supply chain challenges
 and COVID-19 hotspots.
 While we are optimistic about automotive demand
 in the back half of 2020,
 The demand for our products will be dependent on the level of production at the OEM.
 Let's turn now to aerospace.
 Aerospace represented 15% of our LTM revenues.
 The near-term outlook for aerospace remains uncertain
 due to the effects from COVID-19 and the 737 MAX.
 Aerospace OEMs have reduced build rates, and it is unclear how long build rates will remain at these levels.
 We expect aerospace shipments
 in the third and fourth quarter of 2020 will be lower
 than the level in the second quarter of 2020.
 In TID, we expect to continue to expand in niche products
 in a diversified range of markets over the long term.
 In the near term, the defense and rail markets remain strong, but most industrial and transportation
 and markets remain weak.
 These markets are dependent upon the health
 of the industrial economy in Europe and North America.
 It is unclear when and to what extent these markets will rebound.
 In closing, I again want to thank the Constellium team for their tireless efforts during this
 this trying time.
 We remain committed to operational execution,
 harvesting the benefits of our investments,
 discipline capital deployment, debt reduction,
 and shareholder of value creation.
 With that, Johanna, we will now open the Q&A session.
 Thank you, sir.
 Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question at this time, please press star, then the number one on your touchtone telephone.
 if your question has been answered
 or you wish to remove yourself from the queue,
 we spread the pound key.
 Your first question comes from the line of Chris Terry from Deutsche Bank.
 Your line is open.
 Amen.
 Chris, if you are on mute, please unmute.
 Thank you.
 Please, your line is now open.
 Hi, Jamak and Peter.
 Can you hear me?
 Yes, we can.
 Good morning, Chris.
 target
 terrible
 that
 Um,
 Good morning.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 The first thing I wanted to start with was just the utilization rates and the comments
 from OneQ,
 you sort of step through how you saw utilisation
 in each of the divisions for 2Q
 and then perhaps for 3Q and 4Q.
 appreciate you don't have guidance
 but I wondered whether you could maybe
 conceptually talk through
 3Q versus 4Q
 and just versus 2Q or any comments you could make on the divisions
 as an update from last quarter.
 Thanks.
 Sure, Chris.
 So I'll start with the markets and then kind of translate it into what it can mean for
 the divisions
 right
 so the
 business
 units.
 So when you look at our second quarter of this year
 of us in the second quarter of last year, right?
 You see packaging roughly 10% down.
 you see a
 automotive
 50% down, you see
 the aerospace 40% down, right?
 roughly.
 other markets, and each market's about 25% down.
 This is made of very different dynamics, right?
 So in packaging, what we are seeing now is 95% utilization.
 There was a bit of a drop, especially in April, with all the lockdowns in Europe, reduction
 in can consumption
 and all that.
 but that has come back pretty strong
 and the U.S. continues to be quite strong.
 So we look at, you know, packaging, again, recession resilience, secular growth, and
 and we're pretty confident for the second half of the year.
 We look at Q2 as being kind of an abnormal quarter
 because of all that happened in April and a little bit in May.
 If I look at automotive, it has really snapped back.
 I mean, I think when we talked on Q1,
 and we're talking of 20% utilization as we were speaking,
 and now we're at above 80%, right?
 If you do the average of 20 and 80,
 you get to 50
 which is about
 what we experienced
 in the
 the second half in terms of reduction in their shipments.
 uh
 it seems like it can be stronger
 than 80% going forward.
 We certainly are running very well in July,
 but we've seen that this restart has been
 with all kinds of fits and stuff, right?
 So you've got hotspots, you've got supply chain disruptions,
 You've got difficulties in bringing products
 from Mexico, building trucks in Texas is challenging,
 So you've got all those operational issues
 that all of us in the supply chain have to deal with.
 but clearly the demand seems to be well in excess
 in excess of 80% of where we were last year.
 So that's encouraging, and hopefully, you know, COVID-19 doesn't throw too much of a wrench in that good trend.
 If I look now at aerospace where we are running
 at around 60% in the quarter, we expect more pain
 in the second half of the year.
 And I think the reason for that is it's a long supply chain,
 and the customers, you know, move a little bit more slowly
 in terms of adjusting their orders,
 And that is creating a bit of a lag
 in terms of how much pain we take.
 We are in
 very
 detailed discussions with our customers
 in a very collaborative fashion to look at what the second half ought to look like and
 and whilst contractually we could force some volumes on us
 That's not our type.
 what they don't need
 we don't want to fulsome them.
 So, what we're working through is taking more pain now
 in the second half, so that 2021,
 we start with a clean slate.
 So we would expect some reduction
 in the operating rates in aerospace,
 in the second half of the year.
 So if you translate all that into what it means
 for the different BUs.
 I would expect BARP, Packaging and Automotive,
 to be better.
 I would expect ASNI, automotive structures, essentially, to be better in the second half,
 And I would expect ENT to be more challenged in the second half.
 Thanks.
 Thanks so much.
 Sorry.
 Oh, go ahead.
 I just had a follow-up on packaging specifically where the volumes are down, you know, around about 10%, I think, year on year.
 and you're saying Muscle Shoals is doing well
 It seems like the U.S. is going well.
 I think Crown yesterday mentioned that Southern Europe was weak.
 Can you just comment a little bit further about packaging in the EU region?
 Was it down in the quarter because of demand
 or because you had facilities offline
 and maybe you could quantify some of the EU impacts.
 Yeah, I think so.
 So the reason I'm saying more than 90% or 95% or whatever,
 and that's 100% exactly because of some weakness in Europe, right?
 And I think it's got to do with both, you know, the reduction in activity in Southern Europe.
 I mean, a lot of these countries have economies that are based on tourism,
 And, you know, this is not the best year for tourism, as we all know.
 and we are seeing, you know,
 There's little clusters and hotspots,
 so everybody's a bit vigilant, as it should be, right?
 So that is weighing down a little bit on canned consumption in Europe, yes.
 Okay, and just, sorry, I want to follow up on working capital specifically, I just wanted
 maybe
 pay
 Peter, if you could talk through the, you know, the 2Q moving parts.
 Obviously, you've stepped through those waterfall charts
 and you're doing a great job on the cost side.
 I just wondered if you'd comment a little bit further
 on the second half of the year
 and what the opportunities are that I'm working capital
 in terms of
 you're saying
 positive for the
 full year, you've already obviously hit the positive
 number at the halfway
 points so just just wanted to talk through the moving parts of working
 capital.
 Happy to do it.
 And just for context, so in the second quarter,
 As we said last quarter, we would use working capital,
 and we, in fact, burned 63 million of working capital
 in the NQ2.
 And for the first half, we're positive 24.
 more.
 So based on where we sit today, I think it's plausible to think that, you know, with auto-ramping,
 with packaging kind of continuing to ramp back up
 that we could lose some ground
 in the back half of the year.
 So, not a huge negative, but we could see working capital
 being a use in the back half of the year.
 But Chris, I would say that we remain confident
 in spite of that, that we can achieve a free cash flow position.
 Thanks, Peter.
 That's it for me. Thank you.
 Okay, good.
 Your next question comes from the line of Josh Sullivan from the Benchmark Company.
 Your line is open.
 Good morning.
 Good morning, Josh.
 Yeah, just a question.
 So, you know, how are you thinking, you know, of any tariffs on Canadian aluminum?
 And, you know, have you increased any inventory expecting that?
 Or just what should we be thinking on that front if that comes to fruition?
 Yeah, well, I mean, we believe it's a misguided measure if it happens, right?
 we've lobbied against it in the past
 We've got it removed.
 it may come back
 we think it's misguided
 and it doesn't address the problem,
 which is overcapacity from China, from a non-market economy
 that doesn't play by the same rules as we do.
 Now, that said, if it happens,
 it's got a very limited impact on us.
 I'll remind you that we pass through the metal costs
 cost essentially to most of our customers,
 There may be a little section of the business
 where we cannot reprice immediately when it happens,
 but on the other side,
 we may gain a little bit more on scrap recycling as well,
 so not much of an impact for us.
 The reason we're against it is much more a matter of principle, because we believe in
 free and fair trade, then really a problem for our finances or our economic outcome.
 Got it.
 And then just on the canned sheep front, you know, can you remind us of, you know, when the, you know,
 your larger contracts are up for renegotiation
 and then just any comment around, you know, pricing strength.
 Yeah, so we see, so we don't go into the detail
 not exactly which contracts mature when,
 But you know that we've got a few renewals coming around the 22 horizon.
 We are making good progress.
 and I think the pricing environment is,
 I would describe it as mildly positive in the U.S. and mildly negative in Europe because of the specific situation now.
 I'll remind you that contractual negotiations
 take a lot of time here.
 And whilst we, you know, I say it's
 Mightly positive here and
 might be negative there, between now and whenever
 we actually ink a contract, things may change.
 but I think it's a very benign environment.
 And our product is in demand.
 And I'll brag a little bit.
 our quality and our service is very much recognized.
 Mr. Schultz has done a terrific job over the past five years, and he's a very strong player
 They're in the market now, very recognized,
 quality service-wise.
 has always been
 so we have strong positions
 and I'm looking at the future with a great deal of confidence.
 Great.
 Thank you.
 Thanks for your time.
 Thanks, Josh.
 Your next question comes from the line of David Gagliano from BMO Capital Markets.
 Your line is open.
 Great.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 First of all, I did have one question on the numbers for the second quarter.
 Did you say there was a $15 million one-time benefit included in the $81 million adjusted
 of a dot line?
 you're talking about
 for the labor
 benefit?
 I thought it was a COVID-19
 state aid benefit is that included
 than 81 million.
 Included in adjusted EBITDA.
 very
 but it's not a one-off
 and it continues, those programs are
 what is referred to as
 courts' arbeite or chômage partiel
 you know, short-time work and these government programs
 continue through 2020
 and in some cases in 2020-21.
 Okay, so we should assume about a $15 million quarterly benefit from those programs each quarter?
 Well, no, because what will happen, David, is remember, so in the second quarter we had a lot of people on the sidelines, right?
 But as we ramp up, then we're going to have substantially less of that.
 So I think you should assume that in the businesses that, you know,
 So packaging, for example, where we had some benefit in Q2,
 we should have
 you know, basically very limited, if any, benefit in Q3.
 and automotive, it should fade away
 and aerospace will have some
 continuing given the operating utilization rate there,
 but it'll be a much lower number.
 to give you an indication
 we mentioned about people
 being, you know, unemployed during the quarter.
 At the trough, which is behind us, we had 6,000 people under some kind of unemployment benefit or, you know, temporary layoff.
 Now we are at less than 2,000.
 So it's closed dramatically.
 yeah
 And, David, just to put it in perspective, you know, if you get to the fourth quarter,
 the number might be something like
 25% of that, right?
 just based on the utilization rate.
 Just a rough number.
 Okay, that's actually helpful.
 thank you
 and then
 just in
 terms of
 the
 you know, the individual
 and market commentary
 On the aerospace side, obviously that's the, or has been, you know, the highest margin business.
 and
 And, you know, just in terms of the outlet commentary,
 you
 You framed, obviously,
 uh,
 two segments up,
 one,
 segment down
 But, you know, the down segment is, again, the highest margin segment.
 and I didn't really get a sense as to the order of magnitude of the down number versus the up numbers.
 Can you just give us a sense of, do you believe that aerospace will completely offset the recovery in auto and packaging in the second half
 or a bit more, you know, color on order of magnitude
 on the decline in aerospace would be helpful.
 Yeah, so it's very difficult to tell, David, because we're, as we speak in very active
 discussions with our customers
 and at the end of the day
 It's a call that we have to make jointly with them.
 As I mentioned, we've got contracts whereby we can force them to take some products, which
 they will take and pay for all, but then they don't
 needed the
 following year, right?
 so they own the
 They hold the inventory, they are holding the bag.
 so we are looking
 collaboratively with them
 I mean, in terms of what is it exactly that you need,
 which, by the way, I don't think they fully know now,
 and it's no criticism of them
 I mean, it's a very unusual time.
 And once we know what they need
 and we look at what cuts do we take,
 then I could answer your question, possibly.
 At this stage, I cannot.
 I would just say that there will be, for sure,
 more pain in auto structures.
 And then, you know those structures in aerospace,
 My apologies.
 aerospace now the other thing too is this is compounded by the fact that if
 If you look at any period in the recent past,
 The second half is always weaker than the first half.
 in aerospace, so that's something to factor in as well.
 Okay, and just
 my last related question is
 But I think you mentioned, I think, average utilization rates for aerospace-related demand
 in the second quarter was around 60%.
 Correct.
 at your facilities, is that right?
 What is that number now?
 We're running still around that number, but I would expect it to go down maybe to 50%, that kind of range.
 Okay. All right. That's helpful. Thanks very much.
 Yeah, so it's important to say, we're not expecting it to go down to 30%, right?
 and that's not on the horizon.
 The next question comes from the line of Kurt Woodward from Credit Suisse.
 your line is open.
 yeah
 Hi, good morning.
 Thank you, Kirby.
 Thank you.
 Peter, first question, on the 100 million euro of cost reductions,
 how much of that would you view as
 structural and then
 And, you know, I guess just in general in terms of the amount of costs
 you think you could take out of the business
 this year on a permanent basis?
 Can you give us an update on those efforts?
 Kurtz?
 Um...
 So if we look at the, I mean, so the biggest piece of that $100 million is related to labor, right?
 So, and that's probably, labor's probably, you know,
 half of that $100 million.
 So what we're doing now is we are really closely looking at the business
 and, you know, what it's likely to be like for the next couple of years.
 and then you're trying to size
 our labor forces
 according to that.
 So, in that regard, I think we would expect that there's going to be some kind of permanent savings.
 But remember, as we kind of ramp up the operations, we do expect some of that cost is going to come back, right?
 So, you know, I'd say it's hard to give a really precise number on that, Kurt.
 But it's a difficult one.
 Okay.
 we have talked about
 Horizon 22, right, in one of the
 strategic initiatives was to look at
 how do we lean our organization
 without losing competencies, capabilities,
 but how do we lean
 and make the organization stronger
 and I think what COVID-19 is doing to us
 and I guess to many other companies out there
 is accelerate the number of initiatives
 that may have taken more time to be implemented.
 so along the lines that Peter was
 saying
 I think we'll come out of this
 with some permanent cost reductions.
 and as we ramp up
 we will not ramp up and inject back
 100 million of cost
 how much
 you know
 we'll
 remain to be seen because we're really
 learning as we're doing
 and we're just in the middle of it now
 but we will definitely emerge out of that leaner and stronger.
 And there's certain categories, like, for example,
 professional fees, subcontractors, where, you know,
 kind of as we work without
 these, because those are, you know, kind of big categories of reduction, I think we were able to
 kind of live without a lot of that going forward.
 So, yeah, I think there's definitely a piece of that that we can carry forward.
 And then there's some examples that are,
 It's not trivial, they're quite revealing, right?
 So we've got a very strong, you know,
 R&D and technical support organization,
 which is, you know, people that are centrally located
 and go and help plants.
 And historically, a lot of the work was done by people going to the location.
 Now, obviously, in the past three months, nobody's been able to travel anywhere, and
 And a lot of that has been done through remote interaction,
 video conference
 but even when you go to a plant
 and you look at
 I got a problem
 and I need to improve the speed on this mill,
 we've had people, you know, interacting
 by the mail pulpit
 on FaceTime and
 going into
 looking into the role
 uh
 the rolling mills by FaceTime
 with a technical advisor
 are on the other side
 of the planet
 And that works actually fine, which we wouldn't have thought it would be possible.
 So, in the future, what you're gaining here is,
 well, you're saving travel time,
 which is not very good for the aerospace business
 but also your
 you're saying the cost, you're saying the time,
 which means that people can be on several interventions,
 whilst historically within a week,
 It takes a week to get to the plant where you get the job done.
 So I think we're going to discover a few new ways of doing business
 in our space that are going to be quite interesting
 in the future and I think it's going to help
 injects more brain
 and talent remotely
 with more
 Yeah, and Kurt, you know, as we go forward, we may be able to give you more color on this,
 But, you know, hopefully it comes across that we're really looking hard at taking structural costs out.
 And in the short term, the objective is we want to be, you know, kind of free cash flow positive through this crisis
 so that we don't take on
 any incremental debt, ideally.
 And in the longer term, we want to emerge with a, you know, kind of much stronger earnings power.
 So we're focused on exactly that, and, you know, we'll have more to say as we progress.
 Okay, now that's helpful.
 And then, you know, in terms of the pre-cash flow,
 you know dynamics
 You mentioned, I think, a $73 million impact from back during this quarter,
 or otherwise you'd be pretty cashflow positive,
 which is pretty positive given your utilization rate.
 and now you're talking about 95% utilization of packaging,
 over 80% and auto
 And it seems like auto should move higher once supply chains get more normalized.
 So, you know, 75% of your business could be close to 90% utilization in a couple months.
 If I get that arrow,
 is weaker
 but it would seem like
 from a free cash flow generation standpoint,
 you know
 Unless working capital would be a major negative, you should be generating decent free cash in the back half of the year.
 Can you comment at all on free cash flow potential in the back half of the year?
 Yeah, sure.
 Thanks for the question.
 So we won't put a specific number on it, but we're confident that we will generate free cash flow for the full year.
 And, you know, the back half of the year,
 I think there's a very good chance that we can, you know, generate some free cash flow,
 but it depends a lot on what happens with trade working capital.
 as I said, we've got, you know, the ramp of these
 businesses. So we want to be a little
 cautious until we see
 the pace of the ramp
 and the consequences of the ramp.
 But again, for the full year, we remain confident that we can generate free cash flow.
 Okay.
 And then just a final question on Arrow, Jean-Marc,
 You had a comment on, I guess, working with the OEMs to create.
 you set a clean slate
 entering 2021.
 one. So, you know, is
 that
 Um,
 statement kind of reflecting the fact
 that the OEMs cut very quickly
 and I assume there's sort of an excess inventory issue that they're dealing with
 or in general in the supply chain.
 And so, you know, hypothetically, your volumes would be below the actual build rate to help them clear inventory.
 So then when you get into 2021, you know, the supply chain is in a pretty good position.
 And then, you know, contractually, you said you're not going to force it on them.
 But then, you know, if you're going to help them manage that, do they – do you get anything in return, i.e., you know, price benefit or, you know, just kind of everyone helping each other?
 or just a little bit of an understanding of kind of what you meant by the
 Clean Slate comment.
 Well, yeah, no fair questions.
 And so I think I've commented in the past on the fact that I thought that the shipments
 we're making into the OEM, right into the supply chain,
 were actually higher than what the build rates were warranting at the time.
 and obviously the bill rates are going down,
 Very significantly down.
 So now, so the pain we're going to take in the second half, I think, is not going to cure all the, you know,
 inventory build-up
 in the supply chain, first of all.
 But I think what that does is it positions us for 2021 that doesn't show further deterioration.
 That's what we're into, right?
 and we want to be in a place where what we supply is by and large consistent with what is being built, right?
 So that's what we're trying to do.
 whether we get there fully I don't know
 But certainly we are aiming to be better in 2021 than what the nine months of post-COVID will be in ANT.
 that's one of the goals
 in terms of what we're getting
 from the OEMs.
 we've got very strong
 deep strategic relationships with them.
 I've commented also in the past on the fact that we're in it for the long haul.
 And I think it's evidenced by the 10-year contract we've signed with Airbus.
 I mean tenure is a long duration
 never happened before
 and we did it because it was the right thing to do for both companies for both
 businesses and we
 didn't do it as a
 reaction to
 It could be the whatever, right?
 I mean, that was really the desire to cement the strategic alignment between the two companies.
 So we're looking past the current crisis.
 The current crisis, we've got to get all in the same boat
 in the same aircraft, and put us in the same place, work together to overcome the crisis,
 we are not talking about
 if I do that, you give me a bit more
 price or whatever.
 I think it's just a relationship where we want to be in a win-win partnership
 and we do some
 things that help them and they'll do
 something that
 help us in the
 which I've already done in the past,
 and that's already happened and that's continuing.
 Okay, great. Thank you very much.
 Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fields from Bank of America.
 your line is open
 uh
 hey John Mark
 hey Peter
 Sure.
 One on the markets and then one on the balance sheet, please.
 so
 you know
 saw that can volumes were down about
 11%, but
 you know
 Norsk
 reported
 canned volumes up 11%.
 I think you guys face relatively the same markets in Europe.
 but can you sort of point to why maybe they're having more success on their canned volumes?
 Was it enough for SOC being down issue or a market issue?
 Can you just explain that discrepancy for us, please?
 Sure. It's mainly, I believe, I mean, I cannot comment on their specific situation, but in our case, the main reason was that we had to take down NAPRIS Act for a full week and then ramp it up gradually.
 I remind you that Nelpoisac was at the center of a hot spot, of the first real hot spot
 in France, and that was a very terrible conditions for the second half of March.
 So in March we continued to ship out of finished goods, but then we had to replenish the finished
 goods and that really took down our shipments in the second quarter.
 But we're back to normal now.
 Okay, thanks.
 That's sort of what I expected.
 And on the balance sheet, it looks like you got a decent amount of funding from France and, obviously, Switzerland and Germany.
 you said it was partially
 guaranteed, but it's also
 secured. Can you just give us a
 as
 a better understanding of sort of what it's secured by.
 is it inventory or is it sort of
 pipini, and then to what
 extent is it guaranteed by the French government?
 Well, it depends on the facility, but the big one, the French one, is secured on PP&E.
 and in the case of the German ones
 One of them is secured, and one of them is unsecured, and the Swiss one is unsecured.
 And the guarantees, the way they work is,
 they guarantee a certain percentage of the principal.
 So it's a normal syndicate of banks with, in the case of France, I think the guarantee
 He is for 70% of the, or sorry, 80% of the,
 in the case of France, of the principal balances
 guaranteed by the French state.
 In the case of Germany, I think it's 80% too.
 So just for our purposes as credit analysts, 80% of that French loan is sort of non-recourse to you?
 well again
 it's
 And it is recourse to us.
 what I think the point is
 is that if you're a lender,
 So, for example, if you're in the syndicate of banks
 and you are lending, say, 50%,
 your responsibility is for
 I'm sorry, 50%.
 $50 million, your responsibility is for 10 of that, right?
 So it's the banks that benefit from the guarantee, not the company.
 okay so you still have to
 deliver on the commitments to the banks.
 Yeah, absolutely, absolutely.
 Okay.
 But one thing to – yeah, I'm sorry.
 The government is, in fact, stopping the loan for you.
 So it's backstopping the loan for the banks.
 Exactly, exactly.
 But one thing to, you know, kind of, I think is a really important point is, you know,
 are
 intent in putting this liquidity on the balance sheet
 was to remove
 any question about
 the fact that we had enough liquidity.
 as we said from the beginning
 and based on the performance in the second quarter,
 we do not anticipate using this
 So the French facility we had to draw
 just by the terms of the agreement,
 but it just sits on our balance sheet as cash.
 and the German facility that we've now signed up in July,
 you know, we don't expect to draw that.
 The delay draw term loan, we haven't drawn that.
 and the Swiss facility
 we don't have that
 drawn in most instances
 so
 And the way we benefit from the state guarantee is through very cheap interest rates.
 Yeah, that's right.
 right?
 Thank you.
 money and that that was important to us we don't think we need the money so
 we're not going to pay a lot of interest for it.
 Yeah, exactly.
 that, and it obviously was an
 inducement for the banks to lend, right?
 No, fair enough.
 And that's, you know, I think the French facility is, what, 2.5% effectively at this point?
 Yeah, yeah, that's the code.
 All right.
 So you don't really have an incentive to pay that off quickly, you know,
 given your bonds
 are kind of
 twice that
 right
 No, no, that's right.
 Now, remember, the use of the...
 there are some limitations on the use of the capital, right?
 So, for example, we can't use that capital to go and buy back bonds in the market.
 So it's really meant to be for, you know, kind of operating needs of a company.
 but yeah you're right we don't have a
 We don't have a strong incentive to repay that.
 but what we will
 what we will do is
 you know obviously there's some cost to it
 So as we kind of emerge from the crisis and have a little more visibility, then we'll unwind those facilities.
 Okay, that's very helpful.
 Thanks for all the color, and good luck in the back half.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Sean Warnrock from Deutsche Bank.
 Tier 9 is open.
 Hey, guys.
 Thanks for taking my questions, and really great job on transparency and costs here, both very helpful.
 Thanks, Sean.
 just when you think about big picture,
 If you look at the auto market, there are sort of projections out in the market that will have about 25% decline in new cars this year,
 mostly based on the fact that we weren't producing back in March-April.
 And if you look at the used auto market, you know,
 it's been pretty strong as of late with used prices really, you know,
 rising even above last year.
 you talk about how production
 has been increasing and demand is increasing
 there
 So, you know, to kind of get to down 25%, you know, you'd have to have some pretty strong growth in 3Q and 3.4.
 So I guess what I'm asking is,
 Do you see that market as potentially inflecting soon?
 with the man pulling through
 based on a lack of cars.
 and if you can provide a little color
 of what you're seeing there,
 That'd be very helpful.
 Yeah, so
 I mean the other book is strong
 there's no question
 and it's above the 80% that I'm mentioning, right?
 But we've been a little bit caught, you know, by customers just a few months ago telling
 us we need product tomorrow
 and then telling us the next day the plant is shut down, right?
 So, you know, we are very vigilant, right?
 so I hope
 I think the end demand is there.
 I think that's true in the U.S., that's true in Europe, right?
 the governments have injected a lot of money
 in the hands of consumers, right,
 through the unemployment benefits of, you know,
 different shapes and forms that you see on both continents.
 and that is
 you know, pretty good for end demand at the end of the day.
 so I hope
 it's going to be
 it's going to materialize
 in the older book we have
 is going to be actually real orders and shipments,
 in which case it could be better.
 But, you know, we've seen fits and starts.
 you see plants restarting and then shutting down
 because there's COVID infections
 or you see people having trouble staffing the false shift
 because there's too many cases in the hotspots.
 So it's still fragile.
 I mean, it looks quite good, but it's still fragile.
 Right.
 That's helpful.
 Thank you, John Morgan.
 And I guess that's a good lead-in to the next question.
 So when you think about your customers,
 you know
 We've had some shutdowns.
 We've had things come back online.
 Do you feel that your customers and their CEOs are getting more confidence
 and their ability to stay online.
 and they're getting better in terms of protocols
 and sort of advancing up the curve there?
 Yeah, I would think so.
 I think all of us have made
 tremendous
 efforts to provide
 the proper environment for our employees.
 it's very interesting
 I was commenting on the, you know,
 half of a percent of our employees have been affected by COVID, confirmed.
 we have
 had no new
 confirmed case
 in Europe
 since the
 middle of May.
 So I think
 this is
 is saying something about the fact that
 when people take responsibility,
 in those daily lives, right?
 because it goes beyond what they do within our factories
 during the eight hours or ten hours, whatever, that they work with this,
 you can have an impact.
 And I think, you know, if people wear masks
 when they interact with outside,
 with people they come across I think it makes a tremendous difference so I hope
 the reality will slowly or more than slowly settle in and at good practices
 will get that virus away from us sooner rather than later.
 and I think people are seeing the
 the competence building up.
 I mean,
 It's human nature.
 you need to be effective to take steps
 and I think we're in the process
 where in many places people are still being affected
 before they take the steps
 But if you look at China, I mean, China is, you know, going extremely strong.
 It's a small operation for us, but we are above budget, above last year.
 look at Europe, new cases are really on a downward trend, even though there are some
 just here and there, and we're seeing a stronger rebound.
 And I hope this is coming to us in the U.S., throughout the U.S.
 That's great.
 It's good to hear, John Mark, and I hope everybody's safe and well over there.
 Thank you very much, and good luck.
 Thank you.
 Well, that...
 Go ahead, sir.
 Go ahead, Joanna.
 Yes, sir. I am showing no further questions at this time.
 I would like to turn the conference back to Mr. Jean-Marc Germain, CEO of Constellium.
 Go ahead.
 Thank you, Joanna.
 So thanks, Avery.
 Thanks, everyone, for participating in the call today.
 as you can see
 we are very focused on facing the crisis, protecting cash flow, and building a stronger
 will tell you when things are behind us.
 Thank you very much.
 and look forward to updating you on our progress in Q3.
 Take care.
 Stay well.
 Thank you, speakers. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you all for joining.
 you may now disconnect.
 Thank you.