 ladies and gentlemen
 Thank you for standing by and welcome to Constellion's second quarter 2020 results call.
 At this time, all participants are in a recent only mode.
 Later, we will conduct a question and answer session and instructions will follow at that time.
 If anyone should require assistance during the conference, please press star zero on your
 touchstone telephone.
 As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host today, Mr. Ryan Rentling, Director
 of investor relations.
 So please go ahead.
 Thank you, Operator.
 I would like to welcome everyone
 to our second quarter 2020 earnings call.
 On the call today are our chief executive officer,
 Jean-Marc Germain, and our Chief Financial Officer, Peter Matt.
 After the presentation, we will have a Q&A session.
 A copy of the slide presentation for today's call is available on our website at constellium.com
 and today's call is being recorded.
 Before we begin, I'd like to encourage everyone to visit the company's website and take a
 to look at our recent filings.
 Today's call may include forward-looking statements
 within the meaning of the private securities litigation
 form act of 1995.
 Other statements include statements regarding the company's anticipated financial and operating
 performance, future events and expectations, and may involve known and unknown risks and
 uncertainties.
 a summary of specific risk factors that could cause results different material from those
 was expressed in the forward-looking statement.
 Please refer to the factors presented under the heading Risk Factors in our annual report
 Don't form 20F.
 All information in this presentation is as of the date of the presentation.
 We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result
 of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law.
 In addition, today's presentation includes information regarding certain non-gap financial
 Please see the reconciliations of non-GAF financial measures attached in today's slide presentation,
 would supplement our IFRS disclosures.
 I would now like to hand the call over to Jean-Marc.
 Thanks, Ryan.
 Good morning, good afternoon everyone, and thank you for your interest in constellation.
 Let's turn to slide 5.
 At Costellia, the health and safety of our employees is our first priority.
 have implemented many initiatives to protect our employees in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
 We have provided our personnel with personal protective equipment, increased cleaning and
 sanitation, allowed for and enforced social distancing, and worked to raise awareness
 with our employees.
 I want to personally thank our employees for taking this seriously and following the precautions
 we have put into place.
 As of last Friday, approximately one-half of 1% of our employees have tested positive
 for COVID-19 and all of whom have recovered or are recovering. Needless to say, we must remain
 vigilant.
 During the second quarter, our plants operated well, despite the significant disruptions
 to customer demand from lockdowns in both Europe and the US.
 As I'm speaking, all our plants are running now and well.
 We are carefully monitoring COVID-19 hotspots, both for the health of our employees and any
 potential impacts on supply chains.
 The demand for our products gradually increased during the course of the second quarter and
 And this trend has continued into July.
 However, both levels of demand and visibility from our customers
 remain below historical levels.
 We took strong actions to combat the effects of the pandemic on our business.
 to aggressively reduce our costs, including flexing variable costs to match production
 levels, reducing fixed costs, and lowering our targeted capital expenditures.
 So 40% of our workforce were on subtype of partial unemployment or temporary lay of scheme
 during the quarter.
 Where appropriate, we have also implemented permanent headcount reduction.
 Our ability to flex costs was slightly better than the scenario we provided last quarter.
 This was a great achievement by the entire Considium team and demonstrated our flexibility
 and resilience.
 Our liquidity at the end of the quarter was 949 million euros, an increase of over 300
 million euros compared to the end of the first quarter.
 We added an additional 50 million euros of liquidity in July through credit facilities
 supported by the German state, bringing our pro-formal liquidity to approximately one
 billion euros.
 In June, we accessed the debt market to refinance our 2021 bonds.
 This transaction removed our only near-term bond maturity at a very attractive coupon.
 In conclusion, with the significant actions we have taken, I am very confident in our
 ability to navigate through this crisis.
 On flight 6, you will see some of our highlights from the second quarter of 2020.
 Shipments were 310,000 metric tons, a decrease of 25% compared to the second quarter of 2019.
 Revenue decreased 33% to 1 billion euros, of the roughly 500 million euro decline in
 in revenue compared to the second quarter of last year,
 two-thirds was related to lower shipments and one-third was related to lower metal prices.
 remind you that, while our revenues are affected by changes in metal prices, we operate the
 pass-through business model to minimize metal risk.
 net loss of 32 million euros compared to net income of 17 million euros in the second quarter
 of 2019.
 The FTD bidder of 81 million euros decreased 51% compared to the second quarter of 2019.
 With a strong focus on cost control, we are able to offset a significant part of the volume
 EdWins.
 just to leave it up across each of our business units.
 I am proud of what the team was able to achieve
 in a challenging environment.
 Kostetium generated 228 million of adjusted EBITDA in the first half, the decline of
 24% compared to the first six months of last year.
 Our free cash flow was negative 33 million euros in the second quarter of 2020.
 This result would not have been possible without our strong actions to reduce costs and capital
 expenditures and cash expenditures of all folks.
 Our free cash flow for the first half of 2020 was 54 million euros, based on our current
 of market conditions, we expect to generate positive free cash flow in 2020.
 I will now hand over to Peter to discuss our financial performance in more detail.
 Peter.
 Thank you, Jean-Marc, and thank you everyone for joining the call today.
 Turning now to slide eight, you will find the change and adjust the EBITDA by segment for
 of the second quarter in the first half of 2020
 to the same periods of last year.
 for the second quarter of 2020.
 Constellium achieved 81 million euros of adjusted EBITDA,
 a decrease of 86 million euros,
 or 51% year over year.
 Part, adjusted EBITDA, of 58 million euros decreased by 21 million euros, or 27% compared
 to last year.
 A and T adjusted EBITDA of 31 million euros decreased by 33 million euros or 51 percent
 compared to the second quarter of 2019.
 AS and I adjusted to be of negative one million euros, decreased by 31 million euros compared
 to last year.
 Lastly, holdings and corporate costs of 7 million euros were 1 million euros higher than last
 year. In the first six months of 2020, Constellium achieved 228 million euros of
 of justity but a decrease of 74 million euros or 24% year over year.
 Part adjusted EBITDA of 124 million euros decreased by 14 million euros for 11% compared
 to last year.
 A&T adjusted EBITDA of 83 million euros decreased by 33 million euros or 28 percent compared
 to the first six months of 2019.
 AS&I adjusted EBITDA of thirty-three million euros
 decreased by 26 million euros or 44% compared to last year.
 Lastly, holdings in corporate costs of 12 million euros were 1 million euros higher than last
 here.
 We expect agency costs of approximately 20 million euros in 2020.
 Now, turn to slide 9 and let's focus on the PARP segment.
 adjusted EBITDA of 58 million euros decreased 27% compared to the second quarter of last year.
 Volume was a headwind of 41 million euros in the quarter.
 Packaging shipments fell by 12%, primarily as a result of the temporary shutdown in March of our Nuffburzak plant in France due to COVID-19.
 shipments to the North American canned sheet market increase slightly year over year.
 Automotive shipments declined 54% compared to last year,
 as many of our automotive OEM customers
 curtailed production for April and most of May.
 price and mix was a headwind of 2 million euros.
 Costs were a tailwind of 21 million euros due to strong, broad-based cost control with
 labor and maintenance as important contributors.
 Metal costs were neutral in the quarter
 as we face difficult year-over-year comp,
 UBC supply chain challenges, and lower metal prices.
 The FX translation was a tailwind of 1 million euros.
 Now, turn to slide 10 and let's focus on the A and T segment.
 adjusted even though of thirty one million year old decrease by fifty one
 compared to last year.
 The volume was a headwind of 46 million euros on lower aerospace and TID shipments.
 shipments fell 37% compared to last year as aerospace, OEMs, and distributors
 began to reduce orders.
 TID shipments declined by 20% due to lower industrial activity in both Europe and the
 the U.S.
 price and mix was a 3 million year old headwind due to lower aerospace shipments.
 costs were a tailwind of 15 million euros due to strong, broad-based cost control with
 labor, metal, and maintenance as important contributors.
 Lastly, FX translation was a one million-year-old tailwind in the quarter.
 Now, turn to slide 11 and let's focus on the AS&I segment.
 Adjusted EBITDA of negative 1 million euros decreased by 31 million euros compared to
 is the second quarter of 2019.
 The volume was a 31 million-year-old headwind.
 Automotive shipments declined 52% compared to last year due to customer shutdowns for
 significant portion of the quarter.
 shipments declined 16% due to lower industrial activity in Europe.
 price and mix was a 9 million euro headwind partially due to price and mix as a consequence
 of weaker market conditions.
 Costs were a 9 million euro tailwind on strong cost control with labor, energy, and fixed
 cost has important contributors.
 Lastly, FX translation was a one million-year-old headwind
 in the quarter.
 And now, turning to slide 12, I want to highlight our very strong cost performance during the
 second quarter. In the second quarter, we managed to flex our cost by 83%. Cost flex
 This represents the change of cost over the change of revenues for the second quarter
 of 2020 compared to the second quarter of 2019. Effectively, for every dollar change
 in revenue, we were able to flex our cost by 83 cents.
 This compares favorably to the 75% variable cost estimate we provided last quarter.
 At the bottom of the page, you can see that each of our businesses, down in the middle
 demonstrated strong cost control with PARP at 92% cost flex and A&T and AS&I at 75%.
 to put this in context.
 excluding metal and depreciation.
 We reduced costs by approximately 100 million euros compared to the second quarter of last
 year.
 These cost savings were driven by strong cost control
 across the businesses, including labor, maintenance,
 professional fees, subcontractors, and energy.
 I will note that our second quarter 2020 figures
 include approximately a 15 million euro benefit from European State Employment Aid related
 to COVID-19.
 I want to congratulate the team for the aggressive actions taken on cost.
 we will continue to maintain our strong focus on cost control,
 particularly given the uncertain demand environment.
 Now let's turn to slide 13 and discuss our balance sheet and liquidity position.
 At the end of the second quarter, our leverage was 4.4 times and our net debt was 2.2 billion
 year old, slightly lower than our net debt position at the end of 2019.
 We remain very committed to capital discipline.
 We reduced our 2020 CapEx target to approximately 175 million euros, a 96 million reduction
 Euro reduction from 2019.
 For the first half of 2020, we spent 32 million euros less in CapEx than in the same period
 of last year.
 Our free cash flow for the second quarter was negative 33 million euros.
 During the quarter, as a consequence of lower activity, our factored receivables were lower
 than the levels that we have maintained in recent quarters.
 negatively impacted our free cash flow by 73 million euros. We would expect the
 reversed to occur as activity levels increase.
 excluding the impact of factoring, the company actually generated positive free cash flow
 in the second quarter, which is a very impressive outcome, in my view.
 Our free cash flow for the first half of 2020 was 54 million euros.
 As John Mark noted earlier, we expect to generate positive free cash flow in 2020, based on
 in our current view of market condition.
 Generating free cash flow is a firm priority,
 and we remain committed to deleveraging.
 As you can see in our depth summary,
 on the bottom left-hand side of the page.
 we have no bond maturities until 2024.
 During the quarter, we refinanced the remaining 200 million of our four and five-eighth percent
 notes due 2021 with $325 million of five and five eighths percent notes due 2028 while we
 We initially planned to repay the 21 with free cash flow.
 We felt it was prudent to remove this near-term maturity given the favorable debt market
 conditions. Notably, this was the lowest coupon dollar bomb that Constellium has ever priced,
 a considerable achievement in the midst of a pandemic.
 As a result of our financing activities thus far in 2020,
 We now expect cash interest of 150 to 160 million euros.
 Our cash plus amounts available under our committed facilities was 949 million euros at the end of the second quarter.
 As John Mark noted, we added 50 million euros to this balance in July, and we remain very
 comfortable in our liquidity position. I will now hand the call back to Jean-Marc.
 Thank you, Peter.
 Let's turn to site 15.
 I wanna highlight something that is core to our business,
 sustainability.
 In early July, we published our 2019 Business and Sustainability Report, which you can find
 on our website.
 I'd like to point out a few highlights from 2019.
 safety is our first priority. Our target is to reduce our
 recordable case rates by 10% year after year.
 Between 2016 and 2019, our recordable case rate decreased by 27%.
 and we are trending very well this year.
 This means that more of our colleagues are returning home injury-free every day.
 We also improved our energy efficiency by 6.4% compared to a 2015 baseline.
 is the equivalent of 100,000 metric tons of CO2 savings every year.
 Further, we introduce the 2025 target to reduce greenhouse gas emission intensity by 25 percent
 against the 2015 baseline.
 and we have a detailed plan to achieve this target.
 As many of you know, recycling is a core competency at Constellium.
 Aluminum is infinitely recyclable, with 75% of all aluminum ever produced still in use
 today. Muscle Shold is one of the largest recyclers of aluminum cans globally, with
 the capacity to recycle over 20 billion cans every year.
 At North Prisak, we also recycle the equivalent of 12 billion beverage cans every year as
 At the company, Castellum recycled over 560,000 metric tons of externally sourced aluminum
 scrap in 2019.
 Thank you
 I am also proud that third parties are recognizing Constellion for our sustainability achievements.
 The Aluminum Stewardship Initiative, or ASI, is an industry-led initiative to drive sustainability
 across the entire aluminum value chain
 from producers to customers.
 In 2019, we received ASI certifications for Zyngan's
 casting and rolling operations, and we began producing ASI-certified coils for our customers
 from Zingen in 2020.
 We also received ASI certification
 of our NAFRIZAC facility under provisional COVID conditions in 2020.
 We achieved the EcoVadis Platinum rating, which is awarded to the top 1% of companies
 is assessed worldwide.
 we received an ESG rating of AA from MSCI, placing us in the top 5% of our sector.
 Overall, we had a very successful year on our sustainability objectives in 2019, and
 And I look forward to continuing our progress on these very important initiatives.
 Now, let's turn to slide 16 and discuss our end markets.
 We believe our balanced portfolio of products across end markets, geographies, and customers
 is a competitive advantage during challenging times like these.
 I'll start with the packaging market.
 Packaging is a core market for Constellation and we presented 38% of our LTM revenue.
 continue to see strong demand in North America
 and stable demand in Europe.
 further evidence that this market is both recession-resilient and secular growth.
 We believe the packaging market has long-term secular growth tailwinds driven by customer
 preference for aluminum cans.
 Our customers continue to invest in new can lines with several additional investments
 in North America just announced in the last week.
 These additional lines should drive incremental demand
 or can sheet in the years to come.
 The consumer preference trend is only one of tailwinds for canned sheep.
 In Europe, the demand for cansheet continues to grow, based on substitution of aluminum
 In the U.S., we continue to expect the growth of
 auto body sheet demand to tighten supply to the packaging market over the medium to long term.
 Now, let's move to automories.
 Over the long term, Automotive remains the secular growth market for aluminum.
 continue to prefer larger vehicles, whose regulations aimed at increasing fuel efficiency
 and reducing emissions, the automotive market will need to continue to lightweight.
 In addition, we expect hybrid and electric vehicles to continue to gain share of the
 feet.
 These vehicles are aluminum-intensive due to the importance of light weighting to achieve their range objectives.
 Castellum is well positioned to realize the benefits of this secular shift to aluminum
 in automotive and the electrification of the feet.
 Moving to more recent trends,
 Automotive OEMs began sculpting production in March and largely resumed production in
 May.
 While demand from our customers increased significantly in Jude, we have experienced
 and even demand for our products as a result of supply chain challenges and COVID-19 hot spots.
 While we are optimistic about automotive demand in the back half of 2020, the demand for our
 products will be dependent on the level of production at the OEM.
 Let's turn now to aerospace.
 Aerospace represented 15% of our LTM revenues.
 The near-term outlook for aerospace remains uncertain, due to the effects from COVID-19
 the 737 MAX. Aerospace OEMs have reduced build rates and it is unclear how long build rates
 will remain at these levels.
 We expect that we will be able to achieve this goal in the future.
 direct aerospace shipments in the third and fourth quarter of 2020 will be lower than the
 level in the second quarter of 2020.
 In TID, we expect to continue to expand in each product in a diversified range of markets
 over the long term. In the near term, the defense and rail markets remain strong, but
 most industrial and transportation markets remain weak.
 These markets are dependent upon the health of the industrial economy in Europe and North
 America. It isn't clear when and to what extent these markets were rebound. In closing, I
 I again want to thank the Constellium team for their tireless efforts during this trying
 time.
 We remain committed to operational execution, harvesting the benefits of our investments,
 discipline, capital deployment, debt reduction, and shareholder value creation.
 With that, Joanna, we will now open the Q&A session.
 Thank you sir.
 Ladies and gentlemen, if you have a question at this time, please press part and the number
 one on your touch-tone telephone. If your question has been answered, or you wish your
 s-
 So to remove yourself from the queue, we've pressed the pound key.
 Your first question comes from the line of Chris Terry from Deutsche Bank.
 Pier 9 is open.
 Thank you very much for your time.
 Chris, if you are on mute, please unmute.
 Thank you very much.
 Thanks.
 Please, your line is almost now open.
 Hi Jamaican people, can you hear me?
 Yes, we can. Good morning Chris.
 It's out of the...
 Good morning.
 Thanks for taking my question.
 The first thing I wanted to start with was just the utilization rates and the comments
 from 1Q you sort of step through how you saw utilization in each of the divisions for 2Q
 than perhaps a 3Q and 4Q.
 I appreciate you don't have guidance, but I wondered whether you could maybe consensually
 talk through 3Q versus 4Q and just versus 2Q or any comments you could make on the divisions
 as an update from last quarter.
 Thanks.
 So I'll start to the markets and then kind of translate it into what it can mean for
 all the divisions, right, all the business units.
 So when you look at our second quarter of this year versus the second quarter of last
 Yeah, right?
 You see packaging roughly 10% down.
 You see a automotive 50% down, you see aerospace 40% down, right?
 Roughly.
 markets and each market is about 25% down.
 This is made of very different dynamics, right?
 So in packaging, what we are seeing now is 95% utilization.
 There was a bit of a drop, especially in April, with all the lockdowns in Europe, reduction
 in a canned consumption and all that, but that has come back pretty strong and the U.S.
 continues to be quite strong. So we look at, you know, packaging, again, recession
 resilient, secular growth, and we're pretty confident for the second half of the year.
 We look at Q2 as being kind of an abnormal quarter because of all that happened in April
 and move it in backflip.
 If I look at automotive, it has really snapped back.
 And I think when we talked on Q1, we're talking of 20% utilization, as we were speaking.
 And now we're at above 80%, right?
 If you do the average of 20 and 80, you get to 50, which is about what we experience in
 in the second half into the reduction in their shipments.
 it is uh...
 It seems like it can be stronger than 80% going forward.
 we still are running very well in July,
 but we've seen that this restart has been
 with all kinds of pieces and stuff, right?
 So you've got outspots, you've got supply chain disruptions,
 You've got difficulties in bringing products from Mexico, building trucks in Texas is
 challenging, so you've got all of those, you know, operation issues that all of us in
 the supply chain up to deal with, but clearly the demand seems to be, you know, well in
 excess of 80% of what we were last year.
 And so that's encouraging and hopefully COVID-19 doesn't throw too much of a wrench in that
 that's a good thread. If I look now at aerospace where we are running
 at around 60% in the quarter, we expect more pain in the second half of the year.
 And I think the reason for that is it's a long supply chain.
 the customers move a little bit more slowly in terms of adjusting their
 elders and that is creating a bit of a lag in terms of how much pain we take.
 We are in very detailed discussions with our customers in a very collaborative fashion
 to look at what the second half ought to look like. And whilst contractually, we could
 force the volumes on us. That's not our type. What they don't need, we don't want to force
 them. So what we're working through is taking more pain now in the second app
 so that in 2021 we start with a clean slate.
 So we would expect some reduction in operating rates in aerospace in the second half of the
 year.
 So, if you translate all that into what it means for the different BU's, I would expect
 stop packaging and automotive to be better. I would expect AS&I automotive structures
 essentially to be better in the second half, and it would expect the NT to be more challenged
 Let's see the second half.
 Thanks.
 I'm sorry.
 No, go ahead.
 I'll just sort of follow up on packaging specifically where the volumes are down at, you know, around
 about 10% I think year on year and you're saying muscle shoulder is doing well it seems
 like the U.S. is going well.
 I think Crown yesterday mentioned that Southern Europe was weak.
 Can you just comment a little bit further about packaging in the EU region?
 is it was it down in the quarter because it demand or because you had facilities offline
 and maybe you could quantify some of the EU impacts.
 Yeah, I think so the reason I'm saying more than 90% or 95% whatever and that's a hundred percent is exactly because of some
 a weakness in Europe, right? And I think it's got to do with both, you know, the reduction
 in activity in southern Europe. I mean, a lot of these countries have economies that
 our base on tourism and, you know, this is not the best year for tourism, as we all
 know, and we are seeing, you know, there's little clusters and hotspots, so everybody's
 is a bit, you know, vigilant as it should be, right?
 And so that is weighing down a little bit on the canton assumption in Europe, yes.
 Okay.
 And just, sorry, I had one follow-up on working capital specifically.
 I just wanted maybe, Peter, if you could talk through the two-cube moving parts, obviously
 you step through those waterfall charts and you're getting cost out doing a great job
 on the cost side.
 I just wanted you to come in a little bit further on the second half of the year and
 what the opportunities are that I'm working capital in terms of, you're saying positive
 for the full year, you've already obviously hit the positive number at the halfway point,
 So just wanted you to talk through the moving parts of working capital.
 Sure.
 to do it.
 context. So on the second quarter, as we said last quarter, we would use working capital
 And we, in fact, burned 63 million of working capital in the NQ2.
 And for the first half, we're positive 24.
 So based on where we sit today,
 I think it's plausible to think that, you know, with auto-ramping, with packaging, kind
 of continuing to ramp back up that that we could lose some ground in the in the
 back half of the year. So, not a huge negative, but we could see working capital being a use
 in the back half of the year.
 But, Chris, I would say that we remain confident in spite of that that we can achieve a free
 cash flow position.
 Thanks, thanks beta. That's that's it for me. Thank you. Good
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the line of Josh Sullivan from the Benchmark Company, your
 line you've opened.
 Hey, good morning. Good morning, Josh.
 Just a question, how are you thinking of any tariffs on Canadian aluminum?
 Have you increased any inventory expecting that, or just what should we be thinking on
 in that front if that comes through fruition.
 Yeah, well, we believe it's a misguided measure if it happens, right?
 We blobbed against it in the past.
 it's removed, it may come back. We think it's misguided and it doesn't address the problem,
 which is overcapacity from China, from an unmarket economy that doesn't play by the same rules
 as we do.
 Now, that said, if it happens, it's got a very limited impact on us.
 remind you that
 we pass through the metal cost essentially to most of our customers.
 There may be a little section of the business where we cannot reprice immediately when it happens,
 But on the other side we may gain a little bit more on scrap recycling as well, so not
 much of an impact for us.
 The reason we're against it is much more a matter of principle because we believe in
 free and fair trade and really a problem for our finances or our economy.
 I was covered.
 And then just on the canned sheet front, can you remind us of when your larger contracts
 or a pre-negotiation and then just comment around pricing strength.
 Yeah, so we see so we don't go into the detail of exactly which contracts mature when
 But you know that we've got a few renewals coming in around the 22 horizon.
 we are making good progress and I think the pricing environment is, I would
 describe it as a mildly positive in the U.S. and mildly negative in Europe because of the
 specific situation now.
 I remind you that contractual negotiations take a lot of time here, and whilst we, you
 I say it's mildly positive here and mildly negative there between now and whenever we
 actually ink a contract, things may change, but I think it's a pretty benign environment.
 And our product is in demand.
 I'll brag a little bit, our quality and our service is very much recognized.
 Mr. Schultz has done a terrific job over the past five years and is a very strong player
 in the market now, very recognized, they're quite used service-wise, and they've put that
 has always been. So we have a strong position and I'm looking at the future with a great
 deal of third confidence.
 Thank you.
 Thank you
 Your next question comes from the line of David Dragliano from BMO Capital Markets.
 Your line is open.
 Great, thanks for taking my questions.
 First of all, I did have one question on the numbers for the second quarter.
 Did you say there was a $15 million one-time benefit?
 included in the $81 million adjusted EBITDA line?
 You're talking about for the labor benefit?
 I thought it was a COVID-19 state aid.
 benefit is that included in
 Yeah, that thing was loaded in adjust-ity, but uh...
 But it's another one, I think.
 Yeah.
 those programs are what is referred to as a corpse-arbitre, or Schumacher-Parsier, or
 short-time work.
 and these government programs continue through 2020 and in some cases in 2021.
 Okay, so we should assume about a fifteen million dollar quarterly benefit from those programs each quarter well
 Well, yeah, no, because what will happen, David, is remember, so in the second quarter
 we had a lot of people on the sidelines, right?
 But as we ramp up, then we're going to have substantially
 less of that.
 So I think you should assume that in the businesses that, you know, it's going to, so packaging
 for example, where we had some benefit in Q2, we should have, you know, basically very
 limited, if any, benefit in Q3 and, you know, automotive which has fade away and aerospace
 We'll have some continuing given the operating innovation right there, but it'll be a much
 lower number. To give you an indication, we mentioned about people being, you know, an
 employed during the quarter, at the trough which is behind us. We had 6,000 people in
 there's some kind of an employment benefit or you know temporary layoff now we're at
 less than 2,000. So it's closed dramatically.
 Yeah, and and David just to put it in perspective the you know if you get to the fourth quarter the number might be something like
 25% of that, right, just based on the utilization rate.
 Just rough number.
 Okay.
 That's actually helpful.
 Thank you.
 And just in terms of the individual and market commentary,
 On the aerospace side, obviously, that's the, or has been,
 the highest margin business, and just in terms of the Outlook commentary, you framed, obviously,
 two segments up, one segment down, but the down segment is, again, the highest margin
 I didn't really get a sense as to the order of magnitude of the down number versus the
 Yep, numbers.
 Can you just give us a sense as to if you believe that aerospace
 will completely offset the recovery in auto and packaging.
 in the second half, or a bit more color or magnitude
 on the decline in aerospace would be helpful.
 So it's very difficult to tell David because we're as we speak in very active discussions with our customers and
 And at the end of the day, it's a call that we have to make jointly with them.
 As I mentioned, we've got contracts, whereby we can force them to take some product, which
 they will take and pay for all, but then they don't need it the following year, right, so
 They hold the, they hold the inventory, they're holding the back.
 So we are looking collaboratively with them in terms of what is it exactly they need,
 which, by the way, I don't think they fully know now,
 and it's no criticism of them.
 I mean, it's a very unusual time.
 And once we know what they need and we look at what cuts do we take, then I could answer
 your question possibly. At this stage I cannot, I would just say that there will be for sure
 more pain, you know
 in order structures and then deal in order structures in aerospace, my apologies, aerospace.
 Now the other thing, too, is this is compounded by the fact that if you look at any period
 but in the recent past, the second half is always weaker than the first half, right,
 in aerospace, so that's something to factor in as well.
 OK.
 And then just my last related question is, I think you mentioned, I think, average utilization
 rates for aerospace related demand in the second quarter
 was around 60%.
 All right.
 Thank you.
 This is that, right?
 number now? We're running still around that number, but I would expect it to go
 go down maybe to 50% that kind of range.
 Okay, all right, that's helpful.
 Thanks very much.
 Okay.
 So it's very important to say, we're not expecting it to go down to 30% right here.
 That's just, that's the, that's on the horizon.
 Your next question comes from the line of Kurt Woodward from Credit Suisse, your line
 Yeah, hi, good morning.
 Good morning.
 Thank you.
 Peter, first question on the 100 million euro of cost reductions.
 How much of that would you view as structural and then, I guess, just in general in terms
 of the amount of cost you think you could take out of the business this year on a permanent
 basis, can you give us an update on those efforts?
 Thank you.
 Bye.
 So, if we look at the, I mean, so the biggest piece of that 100 million is related to labor,
 Right, so, and that's probably, labor's probably, you know, half of that 100 million.
 So, what we're doing now is we are really closely looking at the business and what it's
 likely to be like for the next couple of years, and then you're trying to size our
 the labor forces according to that.
 So in that regard, I think we would expect
 that there's going to be some kind of permanent savings.
 But remember, as we kind of ramp up the operations,
 we do expect some of that cost is going to come back, right?
 So, you know, I'd say it's hard to give a really precise number on that, Kurt.
 It's a difficult one.
 Okay.
 The courage, if I may add.
 We have talked about Horizon 22, right, and one of the strategic initiatives was to look
 How do we lean our organization without losing competencies, capabilities?
 But how do we lean and make the organization stronger?
 And I think what COVID-19 is doing to us, and I guess to many other companies out there,
 is accelerate the number of initiatives that may have taken more time to be
 implemented.
 So along the lines that Peter was saying,
 I think we'll come out of this with some permanent cost reductions.
 And as we ramp up, we will not ramp up and inject back 100 million of cost.
 how much will remain to be seen because we are really learning as we are doing and we
 are just in the middle of it now, but we will definitely emerge out of that leaner and stronger.
 And there's certain categories like, for example,
 professional fees, subcontractors, where, you know, kind of as we work without these,
 because those are, you know, kind of big categories of reduction.
 I think we were able to kind of live without a lot of that going forward, so, yeah, I didn't
 there's definitely a piece of that that we can carry forward.
 For example, there are no trivial there, quite revealing, right?
 So we've got a very strong, you know, R&D and technical support organization, which is,
 you know, people that are centrally located and go in the health plans.
 And historically, a lot of the work was done by people going to the location.
 Now, obviously, in the past three months, nobody's been able to travel anywhere.
 And a lot of that has been done through remote interaction, video conference, but even when
 When you go to a plant and you look at, I got a problem and I need to improve the speed
 than this meal, we've had people, you know, interacting by the mealful bit on their face
 time and going into the, looking into the role, the rolling meals by face time with the technical
 advisor on the other side of the tenant and that works actually fine which we
 wouldn't have thought it would be possible.
 So in the future, what you're gaining here is, well, you're saving travel time, which
 which is not very good for the aerospace business, but also you're saying, you're saying the
 Because you're saying the time which means that people can be on several interventions
 where it's historically within a week, you know, it takes a week to get to the plant,
 where you get the job done.
 So, I think we're going to discover a few new ways of doing business in our, you know,
 You know, space that are going to be quite interesting in the future, and I think it's
 going to help us inject more brain and talent remotely with more activity.
 As we go forward, we may be able to give you more color on this, but hopefully it comes
 across that we're really looking hard at taking structural costs out and in the short term
 The objective is we want to be, you know, kind of free cash flow positive through this crisis.
 and so that we don't take on any incremental debt, ideally.
 And in the longer term, we want to emerge with a, you know, kind of much stronger earnings power.
 So, we're focused on exactly that and, you know, we'll have more to say as we progress.
 OK, now that's helpful.
 And then in terms of the pre-cash flow dynamics,
 you mentioned, I think it's $73 million impact from back
 this quarter, or otherwise you'd be pretty casual positive, which is pretty positive given your utilization rate.
 and now you're talking about 95% utilization and packaging, over 80% and auto and it seems
 like auto should move higher once supply chains get more normalized.
 So, you know, 75% of your businesses could be close to 90%
 in a couple of months, I get that arrow is weaker.
 But it would seem like from a free cash flow generation standpoint, you know, in less working
 capital would be a major negative, you should be generating decent free cash in the back
 half of the year. Can you comment at all on free cash flow potential in the back half
 of the year.
 Sure.
 Thanks for the question.
 put a specific number on it, but we're confident that we will generate free cash flow for the
 full year and you know the back half of the year I think there's a there's a
 There's a very good chance that we can, you know, generate some free cash flow, but it
 It depends a lot on what happens with trade working capital, as I said, we've got the
 ramp up these businesses so we want to be a little cautious until we see the
 the pace of the ramp and the consequences of the ramp.
 But again, for the full year, we remain confident that we can generate free cash flow.
 Okay.
 Just find a question on arrow, John Mark.
 you had a comment on, I guess, working with the OEMs
 to create, you set a clean slate entering 2021.
 So, you know, is that statement kind of reflecting the fact
 the OEMs cut very quickly, and I assume they're sort of an excess inventory issue that they're
 they're dealing with, or in general, on the supply chain,
 And so, you know, hypothetically, your volumes would be below the actual bill to rate to
 to help them clear inventory, so then when you get into 2021,
 You know, the supply chain is in a pretty good position, and contractually you said you're
 They're not going to force it on them, but then, you know, if you're going to help them
 manage that
 do they
 Do you get anything in return, i.e., you know, price-benefit or, you know, just kind of everyone
 helping each other?
 a little bit of an understanding of kind of what you meant by the clean slate comment.
 Well, yeah, no fair question. So I think I've commented in the past
 That's the fact that I thought that the shipments were making to the OEN, right into the supply
 chain.
 were actually higher than what the build rates were warranting at the time.
 And obviously the build rates are going down, very significantly down.
 So, now.
 So the pain we're going to take in the second half,
 I think it's not going to cure all the inventory buildup in the supply chain, first of all.
 But I think what that does is it positions us for 2021 that doesn't show further deterioration.
 That's what we're into, right?
 and we want to be in a place where what we supply is by and large consistent with what
 that is being built, right?
 So that's what we're trying to do, whether we get there fully, I don't know, but certainly
 we are aiming to be better in 21 than what the second, the nine months of, you know, post COVID
 will be in ANP, that's one of the goals.
 In terms of what we're getting from the OEMs, we've got very strong, deep, strategic relationships
 with them. I've commented also in the past on the fact that we're in it for the long
 all. And I think it's evidenced by the tenure contract we signed with Airbus. I mean tenure is a
 long duration, never happened before. And we did it because it was the right thing to
 do for both companies, for both businesses.
 And we didn't do it as a reaction to COVID or whatever, right?
 And that was really the desire to cement the strategic alignment between the two companies.
 So, we're looking past the current crisis.
 current crisis we've got to get all in the same boat or in the same aircraft and put
 us in the same place, work together to overcome the crisis, and we are not talking about,
 you know, if I do that you give me a bit more price or whatever, I think it's just a relationship
 with.
 be in a win-win partnership and we do some things that help them and they'll do some
 things that help us in the future, which I've already done in the past and that's already
 happen and that's continuing.
 Okay, great. Thank you very much.
 Your next question comes from the line of Matthew Fields from Bank of America.
 Your line is open.
 He had a mark.
 He, Peter.
 one on the markets, and then one on the balance sheet, please.
 So, you know, saw that CAN volumes were down about 11%.
 But, you know, Norsk reported CAN volumes up 11%.
 11%.
 I think you guys face relatively the same markets in Europe.
 Can you sort of point to why maybe they're having more success on their CAN volumes?
 Was it enough for SOC being down issue or a market issue or what?
 Can you just explain that to Shrep and T4s, please?
 Go.
 It's mainly, I believe, I mean I cannot comment on their specific situation but in our case
 The main reason was that we have to take down Netflix back for a full week and then ramp it up gradually.
 I remind you that Nefizak was at the center of a hotspot,
 the first real hotspot in France, and that was a very terrible condition for the second
 of notch.
 So, in March we continued to ship out of finish goods, but then we had to replenish the finish goods
 and that really took down our shipments in the second quarter.
 But we're back to normal now.
 Okay.
 Thanks.
 what I expected.
 And on the balance sheet, it looks like you got a decent amount of funding from France
 and obviously Switzerland and Germany.
 You said it was partially guaranteed, but it's also secured.
 Can you just give us a better understanding of sort of what
 It's secure buys.
 Is it inventory, or is it sort of PP&E?
 and then to what extent is it guaranteed
 by the French government?
 Well, it depends on the facility, but the big one,
 the French one is secured on PPNE, and in the case of the German ones, one of them is
 secured and one of them is unsecured and the Swiss one is unsecured.
 unsecured.
 And the guarantees, the way they work is they guarantee a certain percentage of the principle.
 So, it's a normal syndicate of banks with, in the case of France, I think the guarantee
 is for 70% of the, or sorry, 80% of the, in the case of France, of the, of the principal
 balance is guaranteed by the French state.
 In the case of Germany, I think it's 80% too.
 So just for our purposes as credit analyst, 80% of that French loan is sort of non-recourse
 to you?
 Well, again, it is recourse to us.
 What I think the point is, is that if you're a lender, so for example, if you're in the
 syndicative banks and you are lending, say, 50 percent, your responsibility is for, oh
 Oh, sorry, 50%.
 fifty million, your responsibility is for ten of that.
 Right, so the it's the banks that benefit from the guarantee not not the company
 Okay, so you still have to deliver on the commitments to the banks?
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Okay.
 Yeah, I'm sorry.
 The government isn't fact-stopping the loan for you, it's fact-stopping the loan for the
 banks.
 Exactly.
 Exactly, but one thing to, you know, kind of, I think is a really important point is,
 And our intent in putting this liquidity on the balance sheet was to remove any question
 about the fact that we have enough liquidity.
 as we said from the beginning and based on the performance
 the second quarter, we do not anticipate using this.
 So the French facility we had to draw, just by the terms of the agreement, but it just
 sits on our balance sheet as cash.
 And the German facility that we've now signed up in July,
 We don't expect to draw that.
 the delay draw term loan, we haven't drawn that,
 and the Swiss facility, we don't have that drawn
 in most instances, so.
 And the way we benefit from the state guarantee is through a very cheap interest rate.
 That's right.
 Right.
 That's right.
 and that was important to us.
 We don't think we need the money, so we're not going to pay a lot of interest for it.
 Yeah, exactly that.
 and it obviously was an inducement for the banks to lend.
 All right.
 you know, fair enough, and that's, you know,
 Thank you.
 facilities, what, 2.5% effectively at this point?
 Yeah, yeah, that's the code.
 All right, so you don't really have an incentive
 to pay that off quickly, you know, given your bonds or kind of twice that, right?
 Uh, that, no, no, that's right.
 Now remember, there are some limitations on the use of the capital, right?
 So for example, we can't use that capital to go and buy back bonds in the market.
 So it's really meant to be for, you know, kind of operating needs of a company.
 But yeah, you're right, we don't have a strong incentive to repay that.
 But what we will do is, obviously, there's some cost to it, so as we kind of emerge from
 the crisis and have a little more visibility, then we'll unwind those facilities.
 Okay, that's very helpful.
 Thanks for all the color and good luck in the back half.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Sean Wendrock from Boy To Bank. Your line is open.
 Hey, guys, thanks for taking my questions and a really great job on transparency and
 costs here, both very helpful.
 Thank you.
 Just, when you think about big picture, if you look at the auto market, there are sort
 projections out in the market that will have about, you know, 25% decline in new cars this
 here, mostly based on the fact that we weren't producing back in March-April.
 And if you look at the used auto market, you know, it's been pretty strong as a way to use prices really, you know rising even above last year
 You know, you talk about how production has been increasing and demand is increasing there.
 You know, to kind of get to down 25%, you know, you'd have to have some pretty strong growth in 3Q and 3.4.
 So, I guess what I'm asking is, do you see that market as potentially inflecting soon,
 you know, with the man pulling through based on a lack of cars.
 If you can provide a little color
 what you're seeing there,
 It would be very helpful.
 Yeah, so the older book is strong.
 There's no question, it's above the 80% that I'm mentioning, right?
 But we've been a little bit caught by customers just a few months ago telling us we need product
 tomorrow and then till it goes the next day the plant is shut down right so you
 you know, we are very vigilant, right?
 So I hope, I think the end demand is there.
 I think, and that's true in the U.S., that's true in Europe, right?
 The governments have injected a lot of money in the hands of consumers, right, through the
 the unemployment benefits of, you know, different shapes and forms that you see on both continents.
 And that is, you know, pretty good for end demand at the end of the day.
 So I hope it's going to materialize into the older book we have, it's going to be actually
 real orders and shipments, in which case it would be better.
 But, you know, we've seen fits and starts.
 You see plants restarting and then shutting down because there's a COVID infection or
 you see people having trouble staffing, you know, the false shift because there's too
 many cases in the hotspot, so it's still fragile. I mean, it looks quite good, but it's still
 front joint.
 Right.
 That's helpful.
 Thank you, John.
 I guess that's a good lead-in to the next question.
 So when you think about your customers, you know,
 We've had some shutdowns.
 we've had things come back online.
 Do you feel that your customers and their CEOs
 are getting more confidence in their ability to stay online
 getting better in terms of protocols and sort of advancing up the curve there?
 Yeah, I would think so. I think all of us have made tremendous efforts to provide the proper environment for our employees.
 And it's very interesting, I was commenting on the, you know, half of the percent of our
 Our employees have been affected by COVID confirmed.
 We have had no new case, confirmed case in Europe since the middle of May.
 So, I think this is saying something about the fact that when people take responsibility
 in those daily lives, right?
 because it goes beyond what they do within our factories
 during the eight hours or ten hours
 whatever they work with us, you can have an impact.
 And I think, you know, if people wear masks when they interact with the outside,
 with people they come across, I think it makes a tremendous difference.
 So, I hope the reality will slowly or more than slowly settle in and a good practice
 it will get that virus away from us sooner rather than later.
 And I think people are all seeing the the confidence building up. I mean it's human nature. You need to be affected to take steps
 And I think we're in the process where, in many places, people are still being affected
 before they take steps. But if you look at China, and China is going extremely strong,
 strong. It's a small operation for us, but we are above budget, above last year. You
 look at Europe, new cases are really on a downward trend, even though there are some
 just earlier in there and we'll see a stronger rebound and I hope this is coming to us in
 the U.S., throw the U.S.
 That's great. It's good to hear John Mark and I hope everybody's safe and well over there. Thank you very much and good luck
 Thank you.
 Well, bye.
 See you guys.
 Go ahead, sir.
 So go ahead, Joanna.
 Yes, sir, I am sure we know further questions at this time.
 I would like to turn the conference back to Mr. Jean Marcher-Main, CEO of Constellium.
 Go ahead.
 Thank you, Joanna. So thanks everyone for participating in the call today. As you can see,
 we are very focused on facing the crisis, protecting cash flow, and building a stronger
 we'll tell you when things are behind us.
 Thank you very much and look forward to updating you on our progress in Q3.
 Take care. Stay well.
 Thank you, speakers, ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call.
 Thank you all for joining.
 You may now disconnect.