 Good evening, hello. Welcome to the teleconference dedicated to CD Projekt Group results for the first quarter of 2021.
 My name is Adam Kiciński and I will run this call together with Piotr Nierubowicz and Michał Nowakowski.
 The webcast of the presentation, along with the audio feed, is also streamed on our corporate
 website
 at
 philip
 project.com and our IR YouTube channel let's get started please jump to slide
 suite.
 Improving Cyberpunk 2077 remains our top priority.
 Since the beginning of this year, we've released five updates.
 And, of course, there is more to come.
 The next update is to be released in a few weeks.
 As we announced before, this year, you can also expect free DLCs providing small bonus content for gamers, as well as an updated next-gen edition of the game, which is scheduled for the second half of the year.
 On slide number four, you can see how our efforts improved Cyberpunk stability.
 The crash rate is getting lower and lower with each update.
 Please bear in mind that it's somewhat natural for each new update to cause some extra short-term boost in statistics, which is strictly related to the process of downloading and installing the update itself.
 That's why the chart shows local peaks around the time of releases, but overall we can definitely observe a
 downward trend here. Given the recent improvement and motivation you have, we
 strongly believe that the game will prove success in the long run moving on
 the next two slides, the Witcher franchise.
 On slide 6, you can see our plans related to the Witcher universe for this year.
 Spoko, the youngest member of the CD Projekt family, is about to launch the Witcher Monster Slayer.
 A free-to-play, mobile location-based RPG that uses AR technology.
 This release is expected this summer.
 As for the second half of the year, we plan to release the next-gen edition of The Witcher 3 Wild Hunt.
 That's all from my side.
 Let's now move on to slide 7.
 Piotr.
 The floor is yours.
 Thank you, Adam.
 Let's start with our P&L statement.
 This year's first quarter results are presented together with our 2020 Q1,
 which by then was the best first quarter we ever had.
 Last year, due to the pandemic, the release of The Witcher series and that of The Witcher 3 and Nintendo Switch,
 Q1 2020 revenue-wise was nearly two and a half times better than the first quarter of 2019.
 This year, these gross drivers are due to be gone.
 In the first quarter of 2021, Cyberpunk was our leading IP.
 which generated nearly 60% of sales of products up to the prior crop.
 It's worth mentioning that due to the non-existence of cyberpunk on the Sony digital store, which is potentially the second biggest marketplace for us, and settlements of sales provisions we set in Q4, our cyberpunk revenues have mainly been driven by PC digital channels.
 The second source of revenue comes from goods and materials fueled by the GOG.com segment,
 where the segment itself enjoyed a 12% increase quarter to quarter.
 As always, our sales were accompanied by cost of sales.
 The main increase here is visible in the cost of products and services sold line,
 which we included, where we included 17 million depreciation of Cyberpunk 2077.
 Our gross profit from sales reached 135 million zlotex, 10 million zlotex less than a year ago, despite the 17 million zlotex cyberpunk depreciation.
 Our operating costs increased, driven by four main factors.
 First, a big part of the dev team was working on updating Cyberpunk, and since this was
 a service to an already released
 games. Game costs
 were booked directly into P&L, into the selling cost line.
 Total servicing costs dedicated to Cyberpunk added to the much smaller Gwent Live operations service costs and altogether amounted to 30 million zlotych in the first quarter of this year.
 Second, you need to do that.
 During first quarter, we run research and prototyping works for our subsequent projects.
 Such expenses need to be booked directly into P&L, into the general and administrative costs.
 These expenses amounted to over 9 million Zlotec and represent approximately half of the increase of the GNA position.
 Thirdly, the general and administrative costs include 9.4 million zl. of non-monetary costs related to our employee stock option plan.
 This is five and a half million more than the respective costs of the previous program booked in the first quarter of 2020.
 And last but not least, the increase in all our operating costs also reflects the growth of the back-office marketing, communication and sales teams over the last year.
 here on here
 the headcount for this part of the team grew approximately by 1.6.
 All in all, deducting financial expenses and income taxes are a net profit for the period
 amounted to 32.5 million ZL, which is proportionally less than usual, mainly due to the time-limited
 research and servicing works booked directly into our costs of the squatter.
 Let's now move to the next page, our Consolidated Balance Sheet.
 Our X assets grew by 144 million Zlotych, reaching over 900 million Zlotych.
 This growth comes mostly from the increase of financial assets as a result of foreign T-Bonds acquisition, which was made to diversify and allocate some of our financial reserves.
 The 64 million zloty growth of other fixed assets, visible in the line below, comes mostly from the recalculation of our deferred income taxes by nearly 60 million zloty.
 but the most notable changes occurred among the working assets.
 to increase by 1 billion, decreased by 1 billion and 91 million zlotych, leading to an increase
 of cash and bank deposits by 823 million zlotych and 114 million zlotych increase of domestic
 15 months included in the other financial assets line.
 All in all, over the next few months, we will be able to see the next few months.
 the first three months of 2021,
 The total value of our cash, bank deposits and T-Bonds increased by 1 billion and 40 million
 LATIC reaching a total of 1,950,000 LATIC.
 to the equity
 and liability side.
 The sales provisions we set
 as long-term
 at the end of 2020 were classified to short-term provisions hence the change from 145 million
 to zero for this position as of the end of March 2021.
 At the same time, the total value of provisions among the short-term liabilities increased
 by the end of the year.
 40 million
 losses
 together
 with the decrease of long-term provisions,
 This made the total balance of provisions to decrease by one hundred and five million
 that.
 Over the first quarter of 2021, we also reported an increase in our liabilities.
 This is mainly caused by the growth of our current income tax liabilities by 66 million
 This growth was offset in big part by the deferred income tax asset decrease I mentioned a minute ago.
 Let's move to the next page.
 Each time I comment on results, I typically present a chart with our expenditures on development projects.
 This time I decided to slightly modify it to visualize the allocation of our developers' efforts in recent quarters and explain how respective costs were booked and influenced our P&L and balance sheet.
 The blue part represents our expenditures and development projects.
 It's a book perspective.
 This is the quarterly increase in the capitalized value.
 Why was it so high in 2020 Q4?
 may lead to the final phase of development of cyberpunk-related costs,
 including provisions for developers' bonuses.
 This year, the capitalized amount was smaller as many of the developers were moved to other tasks.
 The yellow part represents costs of servicing already released games.
 Till the release of Cyberpunk on the 10th of December, these costs were mainly related to Gwen.
 After the release of Cyberpunk, a big part of the team was moved to updating the game, which translated into the increase for Q4 and especially Q1 2021.
 And the green part represents the so-called research costs, initial costs for prototyping of new projects.
 As you can see, we had initiated this cost last year, but the increase clearly occurred
 this year.
 Both the yellow and the green parts, which are servicing and research expenses, were booked
 directly into our profit and loss calculation.
 Please note that the Spoko company, which works full force on becoming the Witcher-Monster
 is not included in the presented consolidated results yet.
 Let's move to the next stage.
 Simplified cash flow presentation.
 Putting aside the bookkeeping qualification of incomes, costs, and expenses, this quarter we reported record-high positive cash flows for the group.
 Remaining revenues from the premiere of Cyberpunk were paid into the company, which resulted in the decrease of receivables.
 All in all, our cash, bank deposits and T-bonds value increased by $1.4 billion and reached
 an unprecedented total
 of 1,915,000,000 dollars.
 And this smoothie leads us to the next page.
 based on the strong financial position
 and taking into consideration the 455 million zlotic excess of short-term liabilities over receivables
 as of the end of Q1
 The board of the project proposed the general meeting to pay out a dividend in the total amount of nearly 504 million Zloty, which translates into 5 Zloty per share.
 The dividend day is set for tomorrow, and the dividend is to be paid out on the 8th of June.
 Thank you.
 That's all from my side.
 Now we can move to the Q&A section.
 section.
 Thank you.
 So if you would like to ask a question, please signal by pressing star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 And we start with our first question from Nick Dempsey-Barclays.
 Your line is open.
 Please go ahead.
 Yeah, good evening, guys.
 Can you hear me okay?
 Yes, you can.
 Hello.
 so two questions please
 First of all, we'd love to get an understanding of the cyberpunk unit sales in the quarter.
 and secondly
 one of you could update us on your conversations with
 Sony about what it would take
 to get you back on the PlayStation Store
 that you've shown us
 some metrics have been improving there,
 but does Sony have a particular set of metrics in their mind
 which would then allow you to go back on the store?
 or how have those conversations progressed.
 Thank you.
 Okay, so I'll start with the first question.
 We usually come in with a lot of information.
 communicate on unit sales where with certain milestones round numbers that
 that we can announce
 And this quarter, as usual, we presented revenues divided into each segment, and we've been
 We also guided how much of the revenue was dedicated to cyber banks.
 So close to 60% of product sales revenues came from Cyberbank.
 And as I mentioned, most of the sales came from PC digital distribution channels.
 Bye.
 It's just me.
 Thank you.
 Sorry.
 I was just going to follow up that.
 maybe if I could just follow up on that answer
 and if we take
 sort of the average sort of digital revenue per unit
 to be somewhere in the 135, 140 kind of slotty sort of range
 when I look at what I use for Ubisoft, et cetera,
 that would get me to 800,000-ish kind of sort of range of Cyberpunk units sold.
 Am I at all in the right ballpark?
 I'm afraid this kind of calculation is not to be applied on CEDAPRAC and especially for a very special quarter like the first quarter after the release.
 Please note that the revenues we present are the revenues we achieve from our distributors.
 In case of Ubisoft the situation is different. Ubisoft directly distributes many of their games and have direct access to retail channels, which we do not.
 So our sales are based on wholesale cooperation with partners that then supply the retail stores
 and therefore the characteristics and the pricing is different.
 And I'm sorry to come back again, but you did say it was mostly PC and digital.
 So I was thinking that that wholesale partner relationship would be less relevant to the average revenue per unit in this particular quarter.
 to give you some more light on that
 When a retail store sells a copy, it probably purchased this copy back last year.
 So this number of copies was reported to us by distributors last year, and we reported the revenue for this last year.
 At the same time, last year, we set certain provisions for potential returns and refunds we will be having with our distributors.
 But all this time during Q1, the retail stores keep selling the game.
 So there are two totally different layers.
 our cooperation with distributors and the retail stores, which keep selling the game.
 Therefore, direct comparison of the two cannot be made, and especially in such a first quarter,
 after the release, where distributors still have the stock purchased on release.
 where retail stores still have the stock purchased on routes.
 Okay, that's helpful.
 Sorry I interrupted you.
 And we take our next question from Matthew Walker, credits.
 Yeah, I believe there was a...
 Sorry, I believe there was a second question, which we didn't get to because there was, like,
 an ongoing
 questioning about the units.
 The second one was about the Sony and the PlayStation and the particular set of metrics,
 how the conversation progresses.
 So I kind of go deep into the set of metrics or how the conversation progresses.
 So this has to remain at the discretion of PlayStation, of course, ourselves.
 but yes there is
 There is some sort of metrics, let's put it like that at a high level.
 But again, we cannot go into the details of where we are with that.
 But there is a process, we're in the middle of that process, and, you know, this conversation is happening.
 That's as much as we can say the decision will be announced when it's ready to be announced.
 Okay, thanks, guys.
 Thank you.
 As for Matthew Walker Credit Suisse, please go ahead.
 Your line is open.
 Thanks a lot.
 Good evening.
 Just a few questions, please.
 The first is, could you give us the actual digital percentage of sales in the quarter?
 Secondly, can you tell us what discounting happened in the quarter and what you're doing
 for discounting, if anything, in Q2.
 And then, longer term, could you say you're
 doing the simultaneous game development.
 Could you tell us when is work likely,
 or has work started already on two new games,
 or could you tell us when work is likely to start on those games?
 Bye.
 So I will take the first one.
 I assume you need a digital percent of Cyberpunk sales or overall our sales?
 overall
 Yeah, overall.
 So it was very much digital.
 I do not have the figure in front of myself that I could reliably give you, but as I mentioned,
 And retail stores, in general, still have the stock.
 they pull just on release
 and they keep selling it.
 This means that our distributors do not ship additional quantities to them.
 so our revenues
 do not include any any additional sales on that
 What influences our revenues are the digital sales, as the sales are instant and the reporting
 is instant without the sub distributor
 in the middle of the process.
 And most of the sales occurred for PC on all of the available PC platforms.
 There's obviously the Xbox digital sales.
 And since Cyberpunk is not existent on the Sony storefront, we didn't report any revenues and the sales from this one.
 However, obviously Witcher 3 was still selling, but for the overall picture, definitely Digital was doing most of the revenues for us.
 Hi, I'm Igor Novakoskiy again. I can take the second one.
 So when it comes to discounting, there's basically two kinds of discounts.
 one is a what we call permanent markdown
 which is like a permanent slash of price, and the other one is promotional.
 So within Q1, I am not aware of a permanent mark now.
 There's been a bunch of promotional markdowns happening, both in physical and in digital.
 you have to remember that we
 we are not in direct control
 of the discounts
 that are happening in the retail.
 Of course there's
 That remains at the retail discretion
 there's of course
 Special support funds
 Sort of like a marketing support fund
 For retail, you know, to do those
 which is which is normal for any game to be honest in a quarter post-launch
 This is nothing unusual here.
 so that's been
 that's been
 happening for CP.
 I've seen this count between 20, 30, and 40%,
 depending on the occasion, on the country, on the territory,
 you know, there's as many stories
 as there are retailers around the world
 In terms of digital, I've seen discounts of 10% and 20% on the PC storefronts.
 when it comes to plant discounting policy for kids.
 So we, of course, have certain assumptions and plans of what's going to be happening there.
 but we are definitely not in a position to reveal that.
 I've never actually seen anybody, you know,
 reveal ahead
 that kind of plans.
 So, that's it.
 I'll take the third one, Adam Kuczynski.
 so as
 we announced during the the strategy update uh we are planning to start uh triple a parallel
 to play development from 2022 but of course and this year is a year of transformation there is
 much more work on Cyberpunk. Of course, a big part of the team is still working on Cyberpunk,
 But definitely there are teams preparing future unannounced projects.
 I would say that one-third of the Cypherpunk team or AAA content team is working on unannounced things.
 But it's not like we are in parallel AAA development.
 it's rather preparation
 for future works
 not develop in person.
 Okay, thanks a lot.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is from Keane Rumpf Jeffries.
 Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 good morning everybody
 good evening sorry
 so
 Three questions, if I may.
 perhaps if you could just
 enlarge a little bit on that point about
 staff.
 your original plan had been
 that the cyberpunk team
 We've kind of divided into three.
 A third.
 Moving on to a new project.
 a third working on
 DLCs and maybe a third
 on the mobile game, I think.
 Anyway, tell me perhaps sort of how things divide up at the moment.
 Secondly, regarding Xbox, it's on sale, but, you know, when you click through,
 there is a warning saying there may be issues pending patches and so on.
 Is there a similar kind of discussion going on with Xbox?
 and finally
 in terms of
 next-gen versions of the game.
 and
 hopefully therefore a relaunch of the whole game
 Is there sort of any indication when in H2 you might plan to do that?
 I would imagine at least after July and August, as those are holiday periods,
 but please guide me
 if that's wrong.
 Thank you.
 I can. I'll start with the first one, Adam, on this end.
 so
 nearly half of of cyberpunk teams still continue working on cyberpunk itself and
 and Cyberpunk Nerds Jam Edition.
 Then we have teams working on unannounced, still preparing works on to unannounced AAA lines, I would say.
 I'm not very precise because we don't want to pre-announce anything which is not announced yet.
 So I'm not referring directly to the question, but there are teams, smaller teams, in transformation, preparing works on future content.
 but I can just
 I can just repeat
 what I
 I've already said that next year is the year when we want to split teams and work full-scale.
 of course depending on the on the project in the different phases on on future triple a to play
 content.
 Understood.
 All right. Regarding the second question, it's Nihal Novakowski again.
 the question was about the
 Xbox and the warning language on the product page on the storefronts, yes
 Yes, there is a similar conversation happening with the Xbox team as well, as the PlayStation 1.
 Okay.
 All right.
 And the third, Adam again, sorry, we can't comment on it.
 I mean, definitely, after our promise to start any communication closer to releases,
 we don't want to say anything more about next generation, more than second half of the year.
 deliberately of course we have we got the date internally but it's too early to to to say anything
 Okay, I thought I'd ask.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question is from Vladimir Vespelov, VTV Capital.
 Your line is open.
 Please go ahead.
 Hello, thank you for taking my question.
 My first question will be on the transfer in the second quarter.
 The first quarter was very special.
 So the major patch was released only by the end of the quarter.
 Do you see any improvement in the sales trend, at least on PCS for Cyberpunk in the second quarter?
 and on the course side again
 with a major fixing
 taking place in the first quarter
 Do you see any improvement in terms of profitability or lower costs, which you incur in the second quarter?
 So what should we expect from this perspective?
 And I also have a question on your capital allocation apart from dividends.
 How are you going to spend the cash pile that you have after you received a lot of cash in the first quarter?
 and maybe some update on the M&A pipeline.
 Thank you.
 So I'll take the first and the second question.
 We are not guiding future results, so I cannot give you too much and too precise information,
 but definitely each year the most important part of the second quarter
 is the June
 and all the summer promos
 and this is still in front of us.
 But looking
 broader the situation
 as I mentioned on the annual conference
 regarding the first quarter results.
 the general situation
 as long as we are not back
 on the Sony store
 has not changed
 we
 one of the leading
 marketplaces for us
 is not available uh and we generate most of the sales on the on the pc digital channels
 Until the moment it changes, we will have a more difficult situation than we would love to have.
 So that's the general comment on what may happen or what is happening over the second quarter.
 As far as the profitability is concerned,
 to see their
 The size of the team involved in updating Cyberpunk is slowly decreasing.
 and also the research costs I mentioned in my part of the presentation
 should also be smaller
 in the second quarter.
 This is a natural process, and that's what we expect.
 But the total profitability of the company will depend on the proportion of sales, less the fixed depreciation of Cyberpunk and all of our operating expenses.
 and it's something we will gladly discuss
 on our
 H1 results.
 As far as the capital allocation, the significant part of the capital we earned over last year will be paid via dividends.
 uh then as i mentioned we still have some of the liabilities uh in our balance sheet there is a
 significant excess of liability of liabilities over receivables and this this is also to be included
 in our cash flow plans
 Actually, part of that was already paid as the team bonuses, which we covered in May in the second quarter.
 and the rest is supposed to be
 Captured the company to finance our growth, future projects, their marketing plans and
 for the company.
 essentially some of the M&A transactions,
 which is actually the fourth question, Adam, on this end.
 in terms of M&A
 If there will be anything to announce, we'll announce it.
 I mean, that's the fact, that's the situation.
 now we are
 finalizing the deal with
 with our
 Vancouver studio
 and with
 Vancouver team
 And if any further plans like this or of this kind will appear, will inform the market.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is from Matti Littunen from Bernstein.
 Your line is open.
 Please go ahead.
 Hello, good afternoon.
 the first question
 And thank you for giving us the breakdown on the product research, development, and service costs.
 And just based on this and your earlier comments, just to clarify,
 There hasn't been any material development costs capitalized for any new project on anything resembling Cyberpunk's scale before Q1 this year.
 And the second question is on Spoco.
 So do you have any color to give on what the soft launch process has looked like?
 like what types of countries have you done?
 it's been Russia, Australia
 for monetization
 and any color to give in terms of what the feedback so far has been.
 So I'll take the first one.
 Yes, the direct development expenditures during Q1 were smaller as part of the team worked on
 on updating Cyberpunk, and another part of the team
 was also involved in the research, so early works
 for subsequent projects that we have in the pipeline.
 Once we finish the research phase, which should come shortly, this will be qualified as development expenditures and will be capitalized.
 mmmm
 i'll take the second one adam so uh what we are doing we are soft launching to and tweaking not
 only the game itself, but
 some uh retention and monetization mechanism along with with testing the game and we are closer and
 closer to the final result
 and we are happy with
 with what we with what we can see but of course uh before the game is launched in a full scale
 well, we don't want to, you know,
 um
 to announce any internal data regarding how soft launches were progressing.
 But the extensive phase of soft launches enabled us to tweak many, many things, and we learned a lot.
 And this project is definitely driven by design, of course, as a first priority, but by statistics and data as well.
 Thank you. Very helpful.
 Thank you.
 next session is from Kent Rumpf Jeffries. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Hello, I'm back again
 Firstly, on the R&D that's being expensed on early stage work, is that a new thing?
 or I simply don't remember this from kind of back in the day
 when, I guess, you were working on Cyberpunk
 before Witcher 3 came out.
 So is this kind of a new approach or just something perhaps that wasn't significant?
 or I don't remember from the past.
 Secondly, can I ask just about how expansion work is expensed or capitalized?
 so expansions to Cyberpunk
 which you've said, obviously, that you plan expansions in the future.
 and finally
 on
 the discussions with
 Sony and with Xbox.
 firstly
 does it
 potentially involve
 The next-gen version, or is it simply a discussion about the old last-gen?
 we should call it current gen, but you know, the PS4 version,
 Or does it somehow involve kind of also satisfying them about next gen?
 And that probably you can answer, one I'm not so optimistic about.
 Is it simply a technical discussion or does it involve financial and pricing issues for the game?
 Thank you.
 I will take the first two questions.
 As far as I remember, we had the same approach.
 However, back in the days, it was not significant.
 and regarding the
 expansions, I may say that
 uh currently they are the expenditures on them are capitalized okay thank you
 Sorry, and this is Nia Ravakoski, and the question about Sony and Xbox again,
 And the question was whether it involves the next gens or only current gens,
 or is it just technical
 but doesn't involve financial and pricing
 discussion
 I mean, it's still, it's very good and very difficult questions, but all that has to remain,
 and of course at this question between the parties.
 If 20 years from now I'm going to be writing memoirs, I'll promise to answer that.
 But for now, it really has to remain between PlayStation and us.
 And, you know, we'll have announcements to share when they are ready.
 And of course, Xbox is the same situation
 Okay, well, then I understand that.
 Thank you.
 Our last question is from Ali Nakhri from HSBC.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Hi, what do you think?
 I just had a couple of questions, please.
 your expectations for cyberpunk
 once it gets back to the PlayStation Store.
 do they diminish from your previous expectations
 or do you think that you'll have to invest in marketing
 to get back to where you had industry on launch.
 second question
 in a bit of a reminder
 it. Have you impaired anything on
 the cyberpunk development or do you plan to revisit this once you know when you only launch
 back on the PS
 or if that gets delayed.
 And finally, in terms of timing of the downloadable content, the Cyberpunk,
 what's your strategy in terms of how much content that is and into the pricing is it all going to
 be free or all paid for. Thank you.
 Hi, this is me. Could you actually repeat the, I didn't fully understand, to be honest, the Sony part, the marketing and, sorry, could you repeat that?
 when
 when Cyberpunk
 launches back
 on the
 PlayStation Store
 What are your expectations for sales?
 do they return back to what you had previously
 or would you have to invest in marketing to get back to that level?
 Oh, okay.
 I mean, so I don't even think we're looking at it this way.
 I mean, of course, I mean, it's going to be improvement on cells when we're back on the PlayStation because the cells are currently none because we're just not in the store.
 So, when we get back there, I mean, I'm assuming there will be some sales, of course.
 So that will be a positive information on its own.
 However, in terms of bringing it back to the previous level, that is a pretty tough question
 because the game
 left the store
 on the 18th of December.
 And we're right now, well, pretty much in June.
 I just made 30 first right now.
 So, honestly speaking, I mean, it would be unheard of to go back to the level of sales from the month of the launch, you know, six months post.
 I mean, I think that's as much as I should go in the details here.
 but it would be unrealistic to assume
 that we're going to go back to, you know,
 to the December level of sales with any kind of marketing, really.
 when it comes to marketing support of coming back to the PlayStation.
 I would not really expect when that happens, if that happens and it's announced,
 we would probably run some sort of, you know, information campaign that a game is available,
 but that's pretty much nothing bombastic, so to say.
 Oh, I'm sorry.
 and there's the next question
 there was a nice question
 taking up the loadable content to CP.
 I'm assuming this is about the expansions, so the bigger ones.
 Expansions
 when we were talking expansions
 What we meant was something similar to Blood and Wine or Hearts of Stone.
 So the bigger expansions for the Witcher.
 So these expansions for Cyberpunk would be, would be, uh, definitely paid.
 they would pay, they would not be for free.
 I hope that helps.
 Yep, thank you.
 Thank you.
 It appears there are no further questions at this time.
 Thank you.
 And now we have a section to answer the questions asked on chat.
 So I'll read them, and then we'll answer.
 The first two are from Konrad Krasovsky, Bloomberg News.
 The first, how big is the percentage of employees or programmers still working on the improvement of cyberparks?
 and the second and what are you seeing recently on employees chat so as i said that on cyberpunk
 there are still around 300 people.
 and in terms of Chan
 the year after release
 is a natural year
 of higher chance.
 so
 So we don't see anything unexpected or surprising.
 that's the only thing I can
 I can say.
 All right.
 The next question from Piotr Łopaciuk, PKL BP.
 you observe significantly
 the increase and play turnover after paying out of the annual bonuses.
 Oh, we've just answered this question.
 The next from Łukasz Kosiarski, PKL.
 How many large patches do you plan to release in the next two to three months?
 that's tricky because
 actually our
 purchased some of our larger some of smaller we got we we used to call
 smaller one hotfixes it wasn't very fortunate because the nature of hotfixes is different
 the national nature so so from now on any update will be called patch as and if
 there will be any hot fixes so so fix is needed after the patch is deployed then
 and we'll call them hub sixes.
 And in terms of number, I don't want to pre-announce things which are not announced yet.
 we were prepared just to say
 the next patch, not
 the biggest one
 and rather smaller will be launched in the next couple of weeks.
 it's almost ready.
 But of course we are working on the future purchase as well.
 and to add some color in it
 The first series of patches were mostly focused on low-level technical areas.
 Not only, of course, we are fixing glitches and bugs as well,
 but we're focused on on stability performance and so on and because those things were were to our
 opinion the most important
 and then we'll be more and more
 into
 improving things
 without promising anything
 but the course of action
 will change a bit
 So we'll be more focused on pushing the...
 the perceived quality further.
 The next question from Albert Rokicki, Long Term.
 What is the percentage of sales of CP277 through GOG.com?
 Sorry, ah, we can't share it, actually.
 We never shared this kind of internal information, so we can't add any color in it.
 The next from Michał Wojciechowski i Popema Securities.
 Hello, could you comment on number of workers of CD Projekt and your targets for employment for the end of 2021 and 2022?
 we have targets
 but they are not revealed
 So, of course, we are in intensive hire processes, but we don't share any numbers what are our targets.
 I can just highlight that one of the areas we want definitely to grow with is Vancouver,
 as we have access to the wide pool of talent there but of course we'll keep hiring in poland
 and bringing people to Poland from around the globe as well.
 And that was all on our chat.
 Thank you very much, and see you on the first half results in roughly three months.
 Bye-bye.
 We'll be right back.