 Good evening. Hello. Welcome to the teleconference dedicated to the project group results for the first quarter of 2021
 My name is Adam Kiciński and I will run this call together with Piotr Nierubowicz and Mihal Nowakowski.
 The webcast of the presentation along with the audio feed is also streamed on our corporate website at www.settheproject.com
 and our IR YouTube channel.
 channel.
 Let's get started.
 Please jump to slide 3.
 improving cyberpunk 2077 remains our top priority.
 Since the beginning of this year, we've released five updates.
 And of course, there is more to come.
 The next update is to be released in a few weeks.
 as we announced before.
 This year, you can also expect CDLCs, providing small bonus content for gamers, as well as
 updated next-gen edition of the game, which is scheduled for the second half of the year.
 On slide number four, you can see how our efforts improved cyberpunk stability.
 the crush rate is getting lower and lower with each object.
 Please bear in mind that it's somewhat natural for each new update to cause some extra short
 them boost in statistics, which is strictly related to the process of downloading and
 to installing the update itself.
 That's why the chart shows local peaks around the time of releases.
 but overall, we can definitely observe a downward trend here.
 Given the recent improvement and motivation you have, we strongly believe that the game
 would prop to success in the long run.
 Moving on to the next two slides, the Witcher 5 slides.
 On slide 6, you can see our plants related to the witcher universe for this year.
 Spocco, the youngest member of the CD Projekt family, is about to launch The Woodish Monsters
 layer.
 a free-to-play, mobile location-based RPG that uses AR technology.
 This release is expected this summer.
 As for the second half of the year,
 we plan to release the next gen edition of the Witcher 3 Wild Hunt.
 That's all from my side.
 Let's now, let's now, let's now move on to slide seven.
 out. The floor is yours. Thank you, Adam. Let's start with our P&L statement. This year's
 first quarter results are presented together with our 2021, which by then was the best
 first quarter we ever had.
 last year due to the pandemic, the release of the Witcher series and that of the Witcher
 the Nintendo Switch Q1 2020 revenue wise was nearly two and a half times better than the
 the first quarter of 2019.
 This year, these gross drivers appear to be gone.
 in the first quarter of 2021.
 Cyberpunk was our leading IP, which generated nearly 60% of sales of products after the prior
 It's worth mentioning that due to the non-existence of cyberpunk on the Sony digital store, which
 which is potentially the second biggest marketplace for us.
 With settlements of sales provisions we set in Q4, our cyberpunk revings, etc., have
 have mainly been driven by PC digital channels.
 The second source of revenue comes from goods and materials
 fueled by the geogy.com segment, where the segment itself enjoyed a 12% increase quarter
 the quarter. As always, our sales were accompanied by cost of sales. The main
 increase here is visible in the cost of products and services salt line which we included where
 Here we included 17 million depreciation of Cyberpunk 2077.
 The gross profit from sales reached 135 million zlotys, 10 million zlotys less than a year
 ago, despite the 17 million Slavic cyberpunk depreciation.
 are operating costs increased driven by four main factors.
 First, a big part of the DEF team was working on updating
 cyberpunk and since this was a service to an already released games, game costs were
 book directly into P&L into the selling cost line. Total service in cost dedicated to Cyberpunk
 added to the much smaller grant-like operation service costs and all together amounted to
 30 million slotted in the first quarter of this year. Second, during first quarter we run research
 prototyping works for our subsequent projects.
 Such expenses need to be booked directly into P&L into the general and administrative costs.
 These extensives amounted to over 9 million's logic and represent approximately half of the
 increase of the GNA position.
 Thirdly, the General and Administrative costs include 9.4 million Zlatykh of non-monetary
 costs related to our employees' stock option plan.
 This is five and a half million more than the respective costs of the previous program
 booked in the first quarter of 2020. And last but not least, the increase in all our operating costs
 also reflects the growth of the back office marketing, communication and sales teams over
 over the last year.
 Year on year, the headcount for this part of the team grew approximately by 1.6.
 All in all, deducting financial expenses and income taxes,
 our net profit for the period amounted to 32.5 million zlotys, which is proportionally
 than usual, mainly due to the time-limited research and servicing works booked directly
 into our costs of the squadron. Let's now move to the next page, our consolidated balance sheet.
 Our fixed assets grew by 144 million Zlotyk reaching over 900 million Zlotyk.
 This growth comes mostly from the increase of financial assets as a result of foreign
 T-Burns acquisition, which was made to diverse iron
 allocates some of our financial reserves.
 The 64-meters-lobbing growth of other peaks and assets, as a boon is lying below,
 It comes mostly from the recalculation of our deferred income taxes by nearly 60 million
 but the most notable changes occurred among the overking assets.
 The overall receivability increased by $1 billion, decreased by $1 billion and $91 million
 to an increase of cash and by the thousands by 823 million.
 and 114 million zlotys increased some domestic demons included in the other financial aspects line.
 All in all, over the first three months of 2021, the total value of our cash bank deposits
 and T-bonds increased by 1 billion and 40 million Zlatik reaching a total of 1 billion
 and 915 million losses.
 moving to the equity and liability side.
 The sales provisions we set as long term at the end of 2020 were classified to short term provisions,
 Hence the change from 145 NL to 0 for this position as of the end of March 2021.
 At the same time, the total value of provisions among the short term liabilities increased
 by 14 million Zlatans.
 Together with the decrease of long-term provisions, this made the total balance of provisions
 to decrease by 105 million zlotys.
 over the first quarter of 2021.
 We also reported an increasing number of liabilities.
 This is mainly caused by the growth of our current income tax liabilities by 66 million
 This growth was offset in big part by the deferred income tax asset decrease I mentioned
 a minute ago. Let's move to the next page. Each time I comment on results, I typically
 present a chart with our expenditures and development projects. This time I decided
 to slightly modify it to visualize the allocation of our developers' efforts in recent quarters
 and explain how respective costs were booked and influenced our P&L and balance sheet.
 The blue part represents our expenditures and development projects.
 It's a book perspective.
 This is the quadruple increase in the capitalized volume.
 Why was it so high in 2020 Q4?
 mainly due to the final phase of development of cyberpunk-related costs, including provisions
 for developers bonuses.
 This year, the capitalized amount was smaller as many of the developers were moved to other tasks.
 The yellow part represents costs of servicing already released games.
 till the release of sagra punk on the 10th of December, these costs were mainly related
 to Gwen. After the release of Cyberpunk, a big part of the team was moved to updating
 the game.
 Which translates to
 it into the increase for Q4 and especially Q1 2021. And the green part represents the
 so-called research costs, initial costs for prototyping of new projects. As you
 You can see we had initiated this course last year, but the increase clearly occurred this
 year.
 both the yellow and the green parts which are servicing in the research
 expenses were booked directly into our profit and loss calculation.
 Please note that the Spocko company, which works full force on the timing of the witcher
 monstrously okay is not included in the presented consolidated results yet. Let's
 Let's move to the next stage.
 quite cash flow presentation.
 Putting aside the bookkeeping qualification of incomes, costs, and expenses, this quarter
 We reported record high positive cash flows for the group.
 The remaining revenues from the premiere of Cyberpunk were paid into the company which
 resulted in the decrease of receivables.
 We already know our cash, bank deposits, and T-bonds value increased by 1.4 billion tons
 and reached an unprecedented total of 1,915 million lotus.
 And this smoothly adjusts to the next page.
 based on the strong financial position and taking into consideration the 455 million
 of short-term liabilities over receivables as of the end of Q1.
 the board of the project proposed to the general meeting to pay out a dividend in the total
 amount of nearly 504 million zlotys, which translates into five zlotys per share.
 the dividend day is set for tomorrow and the dividend is to be paid out on the 8th of June.
 Thank you. That's all from my side. Now we can move to the Q&A section.
 Thank you. So if you would like to ask a question, please signal by pressing star 1 on your telephony keypad and we start
 with our first question from Nick Dempsey, Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
 Yeah, good evening guys. Can you hear me okay?
 Yes, you can.
 Hello?
 So two questions, please.
 First of all, we'd love to get an understanding of the cyberpunk unit sales in the quarter.
 And secondly, one if you could update us on your conversations with Sony about what
 it would take to get you back on the PlayStation Store, then you've shown us the metrics have
 been improving there, but does only have a particular set of metrics in their mind, which
 which would then allow you to go back on the stool
 or how those conversations progressed.
 Thank you.
 Okay, so I'll start with the first question.
 question.
 We usually communicate on unit sales where we use certain milestones, round numbers that
 we can announce.
 And this quarter, as usual, we presented revenues
 divided into each segment.
 and we went to the market, we also guided how much of the revenue was dedicated to cyber
 banks.
 60% of product sales revenues came from cyber fund.
 And as I mentioned, most of the sales
 came from PC digital distribution channels.
 Bye, and thanks for listening up, thanks for listening here.
 Thank you.
 I was just going to follow up on that.
 Thank you.
 But maybe if I can just follow up on that answer, and if we take sort of the average
 sort of digital revenue per unit to be somewhere in the 135, 140 kind of
 sloppy sort of range when I look at what I use for Ubisoft etc that would get me to 800,000ish
 kind of sort of range of cyberpunk units sold. Am I at all in the right ballpark?
 I'm afraid this kind of calculation is not to be applied on other product and especially for us very special
 like the first quarter after the release.
 and ease.
 Please note that the revenues we present are the revenues we achieve from our distributors.
 And in the case of Ubisoft, the situation is different.
 you reserve directly distributes in any other games
 and have direct access to retail channels, which we do not.
 So our sales are based on wholesale cooperation
 with partners that then supply the retail stores and therefore the characteristics and the
 pricing is different.
 I'm sorry to come back again, but you did say it was mostly PC and digital, so I was
 thinking that that wholesale partner relationship would be less relevant to the average revenue
 per unit in this particular quarter.
 to give you some more light on that.
 when a retail store sells a copy, it probably puts this copy back last year.
 So, this number of copies was reported to us by distributors last year, and we reported
 the revenue for this last year.
 At the same time, last year, we set certain provisions for potential returns and refunds
 we will be having with our distributors.
 But all this time during Q1, the retail stores keep selling the game,
 so that there are two totally different layers.
 our cooperation with distributors and the retail stores which keep selling it again.
 Therefore, direct comparison of the two cannot be made, and especially in such a first quarter,
 after the release, where distributors still have the stock purchase on release, where retail
 source, he still has the stock purchased on ROOS.
 Okay, that's helpful. Sorry, I interrupted you.
 And we take our next question from Matthew Walker, accredited by...
 No, thanks.
 I believe there was a...
 Sorry, I believe there was a second question, which we then get to because the speakers
 as I, you know, ongoing questioning about the units.
 The second one was about the Sony and the playstation as a particular set of metrics
 how the conversation progresses.
 So I kind of go deep into the set of metrics
 or how the conversation progresses,
 has to remain at the discretion of the PlayStation, of course, ourselves. But yes, there is some
 instead of metrics. Let's put it like that at a high level, but again, we're not going
 we cannot go into the details of where we are with that.
 But during the process, we're in the middle of that process.
 And, you know, this conversation is happening.
 That's as much as we can say the decision will be announced when it's ready to be announced.
 Okay, thanks guys.
 Thank you.
 If the question is for much you walk or credit with, please go ahead. Your line is open.
 Thanks a lot.
 Good evening.
 Just a few questions, please.
 The first is, could you give us the actual digital percentage of sales in the quarter?
 Secondly, can you tell us what discounting happened in the quarter and what you're doing
 for discounting if anything in Q2 and then long term could you say has been a
 you're doing the simultaneous gain of development.
 Could you tell us when is work likely or has work started already on two new games or could
 you tell us when work is likely to start on those games, thanks.
 I will take the first one. I assume you mean that digital percent of cyberpunk sales or
 or overall our sales.
 I would look at overall.
 Yeah.
 So it was very much digital. I did not have the figure in front of myself that I could
 truth I have to give you. But as I mentioned, retail stores in general still have the stock
 They purchase on release and they keep selling it.
 This means that our distributors do not ship additional quantities to them.
 So our revenues do not include any additional sales on them.
 What influences our revenues are the digital saves,
 So then the sales are instant and the reporting is instant
 without the sub-distributor in the middle of the process.
 And most of this has occurred for PC
 on all of the available PC platforms.
 Obviously, the Xbox digital sales and since cyberpunk is not existent on the Sony storefront,
 we didn't report any revenues and the sales from this one.
 However, obviously, Witcher 3 was still selling, but for the overall picture,
 Definitely, digital was doing most of the revings for us.
 Hi.
 I can take the second one.
 So when it comes to discounting, there's basically two kinds of discounts.
 one is what we call permanent markdown,
 which is like a permanent slasher prize
 and the other one is promotional.
 So, within Q1, I am not aware of a permanent markdown
 there's been a bunch of promotional markdowns happening,
 both in physical and in physical.
 You have to remember that we are not in direct control of the discounts that are happening
 in the retail because there's that remains of the retail
 discretion, there's, of course, special support funds, sort of like a marketing support fund
 for retail, you know, to do those, which is normal for any game, to be honest, in a quarter
 post-launch. This is nothing unusual here. So that's been happening for CP. I've seen
 discounts between 20%, 30% and 40%, depending on the occasion, on the country, on the territory,
 You know, there's as many stories as there are retailers around the world in terms of
 I've seen discounts of 10% and 20% on the PC storefronts when it comes to plant discounting
 policy for kids.
 And we, of course, have certain assumptions and plans of what's going to be happening
 there, but we are definitely not in a position to reveal that.
 I've never actually seen anybody, you know,
 We deal ahead that kind of plans.
 So that's it.
 And I'll take this, the third one, Adam Kaczynskii.
 So, as we announced during the strategy update, we are planning to start
 triple A, parallel triple A development from 2022.
 But of course, and this year is a year of transformation, there is much more work on
 cyberpunk, of course, a big part of the thing is still working on cyberpunk, but definitely
 there are teams preparing future unannounced projects I would say that one
 third of the of the cyberpunk team or triple-a content team is working on an
 I mean, I don't think, but it's not like we are
 in parallel to Pule development.
 it's rather preparation for future works,
 not develop in person.
 Okay, thanks a lot.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is from Keen Rumpf, Jeff Frase.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Good morning, everybody. Good evening, sorry.
 So, three questions, if I may.
 perhaps if you could just enlarge a little bit on that point about staff your
 original plan had been that the cyberpunk team would kind of divide into three, third
 moving on to a new project, a third working on DLCs,
 maybe a third on on
 the mobile game, I think. Anyway, tell me perhaps sort of how things divide up at the moment.
 Secondly, regarding Xbox, it's on sale, but when you click through, there is a warning
 saying there may be issues, pending patches and so on, is there a similar kind of discussion
 going on with Xbox. And finally, in terms of next-gen versions of the game, and, you
 I hope you're there for a relaunch of the whole game.
 Is there a sort of any indication when in H2 you might plan to do that?
 I would imagine at least after July and August,
 those on holiday periods, but please guide me if that's wrong. Thank you.
 I can, I'll start with the first one, Adam on this end.
 so
 Nearly half of cyberpunk teams still continue working on cyberpunk itself and cyberpunk next-gen edition.
 Then we have teams working on unannounced and still not preparing works on to unannounced
 AAA lines, I would say I'm not very precise because we don't want to pre-announce anything
 Which is not announced yet, so I'm not referring directly to the question, but but there are things smaller things
 in transformation, preparing words on future content, but I can just, I can just repeat
 what
 What I've already said that next year is the year when we want to split teams and to work
 full scale, of course, depending on the project in the different phases on future AAA content.
 Regarding the second question, it's Ian Holovakowski again.
 The question was about the Xbox and the warning language
 on the product page on the storefronts.
 There's a similar conversation happening with the Xbox team as well, as the PlayStation
 One.
 OK.
 All right, and the third Adam again, sorry, we can't comment on it.
 I mean, definitely after our promise to start any communication closer to releases we don't
 want to say anything more about make transition more than the second half of the year deliberately,
 Of course we have, we got the date.
 internally, but it's too early to say anything about this.
 Okay, I thought I'd ask.
 Thank you very much.
 Our next question is from Vladimir Vyspalov, VTV Capital. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
 Hello, thank you for taking my question.
 My first question will be on the transfer in the second quarter.
 The first code was very special and the major patch was released only by the end of the
 do you see any improvement in the cell strength,
 at least some pieces for cyberpunk in the second quarter, and on the fourth side again,
 again with the major fixing and taking place in the first quarter.
 Do you see any improvement in terms of profitability or lower costs which you incur in the second
 but what should we expect from this perspective?
 And I also have a question on your capital allocation,
 application, apart from dividends, how are you going to spend the cash pile that you
 We have, after you received a lot of questions in the first quarter, and maybe some date
 on the MNA pipeline, thank you.
 So I'll take the first and the second question.
 We are not guiding future results, so I cannot do too much into precise information.
 But definitely each year, the most important part of the second quarter is the June end
 all the summer promos, and this is still in front of us.
 But looking broader at the situation, as I mentioned on the annual conference regarding
 the first quarter results, the general situation as long as we are not back on the sunny store
 has not changed. One of the leading marketplaces for us is not available and we generate most
 of the sales on the PC digital channels. Until the moment it changes, we will have more difficult
 situation then then we would love to have so that's the general comment on
 what may happen or what is happening over the second quarter.
 As far as the profitability is concerned,
 The size of the team involves in updating cyberpunk is slowly decreasing and also the
 The research costs I mentioned in my part of the presentation should also be smaller
 in the second quarter.
 This is a natural process, and that's what we expect.
 But the total profitability of the company
 will depend on the proportion of cells less the fixed
 appreciation of cyberpunk and all of our
 or operating expenses, and that's something we will broadly discuss on our H1 results.
 As far as the capital allocation, the significant part of the capital we earned over last year
 will be paid via dividends, then, as I mentioned,
 we still have some of the liabilities in our balance sheet that there is a significant
 excess of liability of liabilities over receivables and this is also to be included in our cash
 flow funds, actually part of that was already paid as the team bonuses, which we covered
 in May in the second quarter and the rest is supposed to be kept at the company to find
 our gross future projects, their marketing plans,
 and potentially some of the MNA transactions,
 Which is actually the fourth question Adam understand in terms of M&A if there will be anything to announce will announce it
 I mean, that's the fact, that's the situation.
 Now we are finalizing the deal with our Vancouver studio and with the Vancouver team.
 And if any further plans like this or of this kind will appear, will inform the market.
 Thank you very much.
 Thank you.
 Our next question is from Matty Lytunan from Bernstein.
 Your lines open, please go ahead.
 Hello, good afternoon. The first question, thank you for giving us the breakdown on the
 the product research development and service costs.
 just based on this in your earlier comments, just to clarify.
 So there hasn't been any material development
 of course, capitalised for any new project on anything resembling cyberpunk scale before
 Q1 this year. And the second question is on Spoco. So do you have any colour to give
 on what the soft launch process has looked like.
 What other countries have you done in Russia, Australia, for monetization and any color
 to give in terms of what the feedback so far has been.
 So I'll take the first one. Yes, the direct development extendages during Q1 were smaller as part of the teamwork on
 on updating cyberpunk, and another part of the team was also involved in the research,
 So early works for subsequent projects that we have in the pipeline.
 Once we finish the research phase, which should come shortly, this will be qualified as the
 development expenditures and will be capitalized.
 Hmm
 I'll take the second one Adam. So what we are doing, we are soft launching when tweaking,
 not only the game itself, but some retention and monetization mechanisms along with testing the game.
 and we are closer and closer to the final result
 And we are happy with what we can see, but of course, before the game is launched in
 a full scale, we don't want to announce any internal data regarding how soft launches were
 progressing but the extensive phase of soft launches enables us to tweak many many things
 and we learned a lot.
 and this project is definitely driven by design, of course.
 on the first priority, but by statistics and data as well.
 Thank you very helpful.
 Thank you
 Our next session is from Kent Rumpf to Freese.
 Please go ahead, your line is open.
 Hello, I'm back again.
 Firstly, on the R&D that's being expensed on early-stage work, is that a new thing or
 I simply don't remember this from kind of back in the day when I guess you were working on
 on cyberpunk before Witcher 3 came out.
 So is this kind of a new approach or just something perhaps that wasn't significant
 I don't remember from the past.
 Secondly, can I ask just about how expansion work is
 expensed or capitalized?
 So expansion is the cyberpunk, which you've said,
 obviously that you plan expansions in the future.
 And finally, on the discussions with Sonia and with Xbox, firstly, does it potentially
 involve the next-gen version, or is it simply a discussion about the old last-gen, we should
 call it current gen but you know the ps4 version or does it somehow involve kind of also satisfying
 them about next gen and that probably you can answer one I'm not so optimistic about
 about.
 Does it?
 Is it simply a technical discussion or does it involve financial and pricing issues for
 the game?
 So, I'll take the first two questions.
 As far as I-
 Okay.
 remember, we had the same approach, however, back in the days it was not significant.
 And regarding the extensions, I may say that currently they are the extendages on them
 are capitalized.
 Okay, thank you
 Sorry.
 And this is Nihara Vakosky and the question about Sonya and Xbox again.
 The question was whether it involves the next gen, or on the current gen, or is it just technical,
 but doesn't involve financial and pricing discussion.
 It's...
 It's still...
 It's very good and very detailed questions, but all that has to remain, of course, at this
 question between the parties. If 20 years from now, I'm going to be writing memoirs
 I promise to answer that, but for now it really has to remain between PlayStation and us and
 You know, we'll have announcements to share when they are ready.
 And, of course, Xbox the same situation.
 Okay, well, then I understand that.
 Thank you.
 Thank you
 Our last question is from Ali Nakri from HSBC.
 Please go ahead, your lunch is open.
 Hi, can you think, I just had a couple of questions for you.
 And your expectations for cyberbump once it gets back to the PlayStation Store.
 Do they diminish from your previous expectations or do you think that you'll have to invest
 in marketing to get back to where you had initially on launch.
 second question and a bit of a reminder. How do you impaired anything on the side of
 on development or do you plan to revisit this once, you know, when you launch it back on
 the PS or if that gets delayed.
 And then finally, in terms of timing of the downloadable content, the cyberpunk, what
 which also distracts the intent of how much content that is
 into pricing.
 all going to be free or all paid for.
 Thank you.
 Hi, this is me because could you actually repeat the I didn't fully understand to be honest the Sony part the
 the marketing and, sorry, can you repeat that?
 Sure.
 When the one-sided bunker launches back on the PlayStation Store, what are your expectations
 for sales, do they return back to what you had previously or would you have to invest
 in marketing to get back to that level.
 Oh, okay. I mean, so I don't even think we're looking at it this way. I mean, of course,
 I mean, it's going to be improvement on cells when we're back in the playstation because
 the cells are currently none because we're just not in the store so when we get back
 I mean, I'm assuming there will be some cells, of course, so that will be a positive information
 its own.
 However, in terms of bringing it back to the previous level, that is a pretty tough question
 because the game left the store on the 18th of December and we're right now pretty much
 in June, I just made it first right now. So, honestly speaking, I mean, it would be unheard
 though, to go back to the level of sales from the month of the launch, you know, six months
 six months post I mean I think that's as much as I should go in the details here
 But it would be unrealistic to assume that we're going to go back to the December level
 of sales with any kind of marketing, really, when it comes to marketing support of coming
 back to the PlayStation, I would not really expect it when that happens, if that happens
 And it's announced we would probably run some sort of, you know, information campaign that
 a game is available but that's pretty much it. Nothing bombastic so to say.
 Oh, I'm sorry, and there's the next question.
 There was next question.
 of the loadable content to CP.
 I'm assuming this is about the expansions, so the bigger ones.
 Expansions, when we were talking about expansions, what we meant was something similar to not
 in wine or hearts of stone.
 for the bigger expansions for the wishes of these expansions for Cyberpunk would be definitely
 pay, they would not be for free.
 I hope that helps.
 Yeah, thank you
 Thank you.
 It appears there are no further questions at this time.
 time.
 Thank you. So now we have a section to answer the questions asked on chat.
 So I'll read them and then we'll answer.
 The first two are from Konrad Krasovsky, Bloomberg News.
 first.
 the percentage of employees or programmers still working on the improvement on the side
 the part and the second and what are you seeing recently on employees chat.
 So as I said, on cyberpunk there are still around 300 people, and in terms of Chan, the
 The year after release is a natural year of higher chance, so we don't see anything unexpected
 or surprises. That's the only thing I can say.
 All right, the next question from Piotr Wopaciuk, PKLBP.
 Do you observe significant increase and play turn over after paying out of the annual bonuses?
 I will just answer this question.
 The next from Lukasz Kosciarski, P.K.L.
 How many large patches do you plan to release in the next two or three months?
 That's tricky because actually our patches are larger, some are smaller, but we used to call smaller one hotfixes.
 I wasn't very fortunate because the nature of Fox Fix is different than the national
 Thank you.
 So...
 so from now on any update will be called patch and if there will be any hot fixes
 So, so fix is needed after the patch is deployed, then we'll call them up fixes.
 In terms of number, I don't want to pre-announce things which are not announced yet.
 we were prepared just to say that the next patch, not the biggest one, I mean rather smaller
 will be launched in the next couple of weeks. It's almost ready. But of course we are working
 on the future patches as well.
 to add some color in it, the first series of patches were mostly focused on low-level
 technical areas, not only of course, we are fixing glitches and bugs as well, but we're
 focused on stability, performance and so on and because those things were to our opinion
 the most important and then we will be more and more into improving things without promising
 anything, but the course of action will change a bit, so we'll be more focused on pushing
 the perceived quality further.
 The next question from Albert Trohitzky, long-term.
 What is the percentage of sales of CP 277 through GOG.com?
 Sorry, ah, we can't share it actually, we never shared this kind of internal information
 And so we can have any color in it.
 The next from Michał Wojciechowski and Popema Securities.
 Hello, could you comment on the number of workers of CD Projekt and your targets for
 employment for the end of 2021 and 2022. We have targets but they are not reviewed so we are of
 Of course, we are...