 Good evening, hello. Welcome to the teleconference dedicated to CD Projekt Group results for the first quarter of 2021. My name is Adam Kicinski and I will run this call together with Piotr Nirobović and Michał Nowakowski. The webcast of the presentation along with the audio feed is also streamed on our corporate website at cdproject.com and our IR YouTube channel. Let's get started. Please jump to slide 3. Improving Cyberpunk 2077 remains our top priority. Since the beginning of this year we've released 5 updates and of course there is more to come. The next update is to be released in a few weeks. As we announced before, this year you can also expect free DLCs providing small bonus content for gamers as well as an updated next-gen edition of the game, which is scheduled for the second half of the year. On slide number 4, you can see how our efforts improved Cyberpunk stability. The crash rate is getting lower and lower with each update. Please bear in mind that it's somewhat natural for each new update to cause some extra short-term boost in statistics, which is strictly related to the process of downloading and installing the update itself. That's why the chart shows local peaks around the time of releases. But overall, we can definitely observe a downward trend here. Given the recent improvement and motivation you have, we strongly believe that the game will prove success in the long run. Moving on to the next two slides, the Witcher franchise. On slide 6, you can see our plans related to the Witcher universe for this year. Spoko, the youngest member of the CD Projekt family, is about to launch the Witcher Monster Slayer, a free-to-play, mobile location-based RPG that uses AR technology. This release is expected this summer. As for the second half of the year, we plan to release the next-gen edition of the Witcher 3 Wild Hunt. That's all from my side. Let's now move on to slide 7. Piotr, the floor is yours. Thank you, Adam. Let's start with our P&L statement. This year's first quarter results are presented together with our 2020 Q1, which by then was the best first quarter we ever had. Last year, due to the pandemic, the release of the Witcher series and that of the Witcher 3 and Nintendo Switch, Q1 2020 revenue-wise was nearly two and a half times better than the first quarter of 2019. This year, these gross drivers are due to be gone. In the first quarter of 2021, Cyberpunk was our leading IP, which generated nearly 60% of sales of products at CD Projekt Red. It's worth mentioning that due to the non-existence of Cyberpunk on the Sony Digital Store, which is potentially the second biggest marketplace for us, and settlements of sales provisions we set in Q4, our Cyberpunk revenues at CD Projekt Red have mainly been driven by PC digital channels. The second source of revenue comes from goods and materials fueled by the GOG.com segment, where the segment itself enjoyed a 12% increase quarter-to-quarter. As always, our sales were accompanied by cost of sales. The main increase here is visible in the cost of products and services sold line, where we included 17 million depreciation of Cyberpunk 2077. Our gross profit from sales reached 135 million Zlotex, 10 million Zlotex less than a year ago, despite the 17 million Zlotex Cyberpunk depreciation. Our operating costs increased, driven by four main factors. First, a big part of the dev team was working on updating Cyberpunk, and since this was a service to an already-released game, costs were booked directly into P&L, into the selling cost line. Total servicing costs dedicated to Cyberpunk added to the much smaller Gwent-like operations service costs, and altogether amounted to 30 million Zlotex in the first quarter of this year. Second, during first quarter, we run research and prototyping works for our subsequent projects. Such expenses need to be booked directly into P&L, into the general and administrative costs. These expenses amounted to over 9 million Zlotex and represent approximately half of the increase of the G&A position. Thirdly, the general and administrative costs include 9.4 million Zlotex of non-monetary costs related to our Employee Stock Option Plan. This is 5.5 million more than the respective costs of the previous program booked in the first quarter of 2020. And last but not least, the increase in all our operating costs also reflects the growth of the back-office marketing, communication, and sales teams over the last year. Year on year, the headcount for this part of the team grew approximately by 1.6. All in all, deducting financial expenses and income taxes, our net profit for the period amounted to 32.5 million Zlotex, which is proportionally less than usual. Mainly due to the time-limited research and servicing works booked directly into our costs of this quarter. Let's now move to the next stage, our consolidated balance sheet. Our fixed assets grew by 144 million Zlotex, reaching over 900 million. This growth comes mostly from the increase of financial assets as a result of foreign T-Bonds acquisition, which was made to diversify and allocate some of our financial reserves. The 64 million Zlotex growth of other fixed assets, visible in the line below, comes mostly from the recalculation of our deferred income taxes by nearly 60 million Zlotex. But the most notable changes occurred among the working assets. Our receivables decreased by 1 billion and 91 million Zlotex, leading to an increase of cash and bank deposits by 823 million Zlotex, and 114 million Zlotex increase of domestic T-Bonds included in the other financial assets line. All in all, over the first three months of 2021, the total value of our cash, bank deposits, and T-Bonds increased by 1 billion and 14 million Zlotex, reaching a total of 1 billion and 915 million Zlotex. Moving to the equity and liabilities side, the sales provisions we set as long-term at the end of 2020 were classified to short-term provisions, hence the change from 145 million Zlotex to zero for this position as of the end of March 2021. At the same time, the total value of provisions among the short-term liabilities increased by 40 million Zlotex. Together with the decrease of long-term provisions, this made the total balance of provisions to decrease by 105 million Zlotex. Over the first quarter of 2021, we also reported an increase in our liabilities. This is mainly caused by the growth of our current income tax liabilities by 66 million Zlotex. This growth was offset in big part by the deferred income tax asset decrease I mentioned a minute ago. Let's move to the next page. Each time I comment on results, I typically present a chart with our expenditures on development projects. This time, I decided to slightly modify it to visualize the allocation of our developers' efforts in recent quarters and explain how respective costs were booked and influenced our P&L and balance sheet. The blue part represents our expenditures on development projects. It's a book perspective. This is the quarterly increase in the capitalized value. Why was it so high in 2020 Q4? Mainly due to the final phase of development of Cyberpunk-related costs, including provisions for developers' bonuses. This year, the capitalized amount was smaller as many of the developers were moved to other tasks. The yellow part represents costs of servicing already released games. Till the release of Cyberpunk on the 10th of December, these costs were mainly related to Gwent. After the release of Cyberpunk, a big part of the team was moved to updating the game, which translated into the increase for Q4 and especially Q1 2021. And the green part represents the so-called research costs, initial costs for prototyping of new projects. As you can see, we had initiated this cost last year, but the increase clearly occurred this year. Both the yellow and the green parts, which are servicing and research expenses, were booked directly into our profit and loss calculation. Please note that the Spoko company, which works full force on the coming The Witcher Monster Slayer game, is not included in the presented consolidated results yet. Let's move to the next stage, simplified cash flow presentation. Putting aside the bookkeeping qualification of incomes, costs and expenses, this quarter we reported record high positive cash flows for the group. Remaining revenues from the premiere of Cyberpunk were paid into the company, which resulted in the decrease of receivables. All in all, our cash, bank deposits and T-bonds value increased by 1,040,000,000 ZL and reached an unprecedented total of 1,915,000,000 ZL. And this smoothly leads us to the next page. Based on the strong financial position and taking into consideration the 455,000,000 ZL excess of short-term liabilities over receivables, as of the end of Q1, the board of the project proposed the general meeting to pay out a dividend in the total amount of nearly 504,000,000 ZL, which translates into five ZL per short. The dividend day is set for tomorrow, and the dividend is to be paid out on the 8th of June. Thank you. That's all from my side. Now we can move to the Q&A section. Thank you. So if you would like to ask a question, please signal by pressing star 1 on your telephone keypad. And we start with our first question from Nick Dempsey, Barclays. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Yeah. Good evening, guys. Can you hear me okay? Yes, we can. Hello. So two questions, please. First of all, we'd love to get an understanding of the Cyberpunk unit sales in the quarter. And secondly, I wonder if you could update us on your conversations with Sony about what it would take to get you back on the PlayStation Store. Clearly, you've shown us the metrics have been improving there. But does Sony have a particular set of metrics in their mind, which would then allow you to go back on the store? Or how have those conversations progressed? Thank you. Okay. So I'll start with the first question. We usually communicate on unit sales where we reach certain milestones, round numbers that we can announce. And this quarter, as usual, we presented revenues divided into each segment. And within SelectRoyClet, we also guided how much of the revenue was dedicated to CyberBank. So close to 60% of product sales revenues came from CyberBank. And as I mentioned, most of the sales came from PC digital distribution channels. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi. Hi, Hi. Hi, I'm just going to follow up there. Maybe if I can just follow up on that answer. If we take sort of the average sort of digital revenue per unit to be somewhere in the 135, 140 kind of sloppy sort of range, when I look at what I use for Ubisoft, et cetera, that would get me to 800,000-ish kind of sort of range of Cyberpunk units sold. Am I at all in the right ballpark? I'm afraid this kind of calculation is not to be applied on SodaPrec and especially for a very special quarter like the first quarter after the release. Please note that the revenues we present are the revenues we achieve from our distributors. In the case of Ubisoft, the situation is different. Ubisoft directly distributes many of their games and have direct access to retail channels which we do not. So our sales are based on wholesale cooperation with partners that then supply the retail stores and therefore the characteristics and the pricing is different. I'm sorry to come back again but you did say it was mostly PC and digital so I was thinking that that wholesale partner relationship would be less relevant to the average unit average revenue per unit in this particular quarter. To give you some more light on that when a retail store sells a copy it probably purchases this copy back last year. So this number of copies was reported to us by distributors last year and we reported the revenue for this last year. At the same time last year we set certain provisions for potential returns and refunds we will be having with our distributors. But all this time during Q1 the retail stores keep selling the game. So there are two totally different layers. Our cooperation with distributors and the retail stores which keep selling the game. therefore direct comparison of the two cannot be made and especially in such a first quarter first after the release where distributors still have the stock purchased on release where retail stores still have the stock purchased on release. Okay that's that's helpful sorry I interrupted And we take our next question from Matthew Walker I believe there was sorry I believe there was a second question which we didn't get to because there was like you know ongoing questioning about the units. The second one was about the Sony and PlayStation and particular set of metrics how the conversation progresses. so I cannot go deep into the set of metrics or how the conversation progresses this has to remain at the discretion of PlayStation of course ourselves but yes there is there is some set of metrics let's put it like that at a high level but again we're not we cannot go into the details of where we are with that but there is a process we're in the middle of that process and you know this conversation is happening that's as much as we can say the decision will be announced when it's ready to be announced. Okay thanks guys. Thank you. Our next question is from Matthew Walker Credit Suisse please go ahead your line is open. Thanks a lot good evening just a few questions please. The first is could you give us the actual digital percentage of sales in the quarter secondly can you tell us what discounting happened in the quarter and what you're doing for discounting if anything in Q2 and then longer term could you say has you know you're doing the simultaneous game development could you tell us you know when is work likely or has work started already on two new games or could you tell us when work is likely to start on those games thanks. So I will take the first one I assume you mean the digital percent of Cyberpunk sales or overall our sales was in the first world overall yeah overall so it was very much digital I do not have the figure in front of myself that I could reliably give you but as I mentioned the retail stores in general still have the stock they purchased on release and they keep selling it this means that our distributors do not ship additional quantities to them so our revenues do not include any additional sales on them what influences our revenues are the digital sales as then the sales are instant and the reporting is instant without the sub distributor in the middle of the process and most of the sales occurred for PC on all of the available PC platforms there is obviously the Xbox digital sales and since Cyberpunk is not existent on the Sony storefront we didn't report any revenues and the sales from this one however obviously Widget 3 was still selling but for the overall picture definitely digital was doing most of the revenues for us I can take the second one so when it comes to discounting there's basically two kinds of discounts one is what we call permanent markdown which is like a permanent slash of price and the other one is promotional so within Q1 I am not aware of a permanent markdown there's been a bunch of promotional markdowns happening both in physical and in digital you have to remember that we are not in direct control of the discounts that are happening in the retail of course there's that remains at the retail discretion there's of course special support funds sort of like a marketing support fund for retail to do those which is normal for any game to be honest in a quarter post-launch this is nothing unusual here so that's been happening for CP I've seen I've seen discounts between 20 30 and 40 percent depending on the occasion on the country on the territory you know there's as many stories as there are retailers around the world in terms of digital I've seen I've seen discounts of 10 and 20 percent on the PC storefronts when it comes to plant discounting policy for kids we of course have certain assumptions and plans of what's going to be happening there but we are definitely not in a position to reveal that I've never actually seen anybody reveal ahead that kind of plans so that's it and I'll take the third one Adam Kaczynski so as we announced during the strategy update we are planning to start AAA development from 2022 but of course and this year is a year of transformation there is much more work on Cyberpunk of course a big part of the team is still working on Cyberpunk but definitely there are teams preparing future unannounced projects I would say that one third of the Cyberpunk team or AAA content team is working on unannounced things but it's not like we are in parallel AAA development it's rather preparation for future works not development per se ok thanks a lot thank you our next question is from Keane Rump Jeffries please go ahead your line is open good morning everybody good evening sorry so three questions if I may perhaps if you could just enlarge a little bit on that point about staff your original plan had been that the Cyberpunk team would kind of divide into three third moving on to a new project a third working on DLCs maybe a third on the mobile game I think anyway tell me perhaps sort of how things divide up at the moment secondly regarding Xbox it's on sale but you know when you click through there is a warning saying there may be issues pending patches and so on is there a similar kind of discussion going on with Xbox and finally in terms of next gen versions of the game and you know hopefully therefore a relaunch of the whole game is there a sort of any indication when in H2 you might plan to do that I would imagine at least after July and August as those are holiday periods but please guide me if that's wrong thank you I can I'll start with the first one Adam on this end so nearly half of Cyberpunk teams still continue working on Cyberpunk itself and Cyberpunk next gen addition then we have teams working on unannounced and still preparing works on to unannounced AAA lines I would say I'm not very precise because we don't want to pre-announce anything which is not announced yet so I'm not referring directly to the question but there are teams smaller teams in transformation preparing works on future content but I can just I can just repeat what I already said that next year is the year when we want to split teams and work full scale of course depending on the project in the different phases on future AAA content understood regarding the second question it's the question was about the Xbox and the warning language on the product page on the storefront yes there is a similar conversation happening with the Xbox team as well as the PlayStation 1 and the third Adam again sorry we can't comment on it I mean definitely after our promise to start any communication closer to releases we don't want to say anything more about next generation more than second half of the year deliberately of course we have we have the date internally but it's too early to say anything about this okay I thought I'd ask thank you very much our next question is from Vladimir Vespelov VTB Capital your line is open please go ahead hello thank you for taking my question my first question will be on the transfer in the second quarter the first quarter was very special the major patch was released only by the end of the quarter do you see any improvement in the sales trend at least on PC for Cyberpunk in the second quarter and on the cost side again with major fixing taking place in the first quarter do you see any improvement in terms of profitability or lower costs which incurred in the second quarter what should we expect from this perspective and I also have a question on your capital allocation apart from dividends how are you going to spend the cash pile that you have after you received a lot of cash in the first quarter and maybe some update on the M&A pipeline pipeline thank you so I'll take the first and the second question we are not guiding future results so I cannot do you too much and too precise information but definitely each year the most important part of the second quarter is the June and all the summer promos and this is still in front of us but looking broader at the situation as I mentioned on the annual conference regarding the first quarter results the general situation as long as we are not back on the Sony store has not changed we one of the leading marketplaces for us is not available and we generate most of the sales on the PC digital channels until the moment it changes we will have more difficult situation than we would love to have so that's the general comment on what may happen or what is happening over the second quarter as far as the profitability is concerned the size of the team involved in updating Cyberpunk is slowly decreasing and also the research costs I mentioned in my part of the presentation should also be smaller in the second quarter this is a natural process and that's what we expect but the total profitability of the company will depend on the proportion of sales less the fixed depreciation of Cyberpunk and all of our operating expenses and that's something we will gladly discuss on our H1 results as far as the capital allocation the significant part of the capital we earned over last year will be paid via dividend then as I mentioned we still have some of the liabilities in in our balance sheet there is a significant excess of liabilities over receivables and this is also to be included in our cash flow plans actually part of that was already paid as the team bonuses which we covered in May in the second quarter and the rest is supposed to be kept at the company to finance our growth future projects their marketing plans and potentially some of the M&A transactions which is actually the fourth question Adam on the in terms of M&A if there will be anything to announce we will announce it I mean that's the situation now we are finalizing the deal with our Vancouver studio and with Vancouver team and if any further plans like this or of this kind will appear will inform the market Thank you very much Thank you Our next question is from Matti from Bernstein Your line is open please go ahead Hello good afternoon the first question thank you for giving us the breakdown on the product research development and service costs just based on this and your earlier comments just to clarify so there hasn't been any material development costs capitalized for any new project on anything resembling Cyberpunk's scale before Q1 this year and the second question is on Spoco so do you have any color to give on what the soft launch process has looked like what types of countries have you done Russia Australia for monetization and any color to give in terms of what the feedback so far has been so I'll take the first one yes the direct development expenditures during Q1 were smaller as part of the team worked on updating Cyberpunk and another part of the team was also involved in the research so early works for subsequent projects that we have in the pipeline once we finish the research phase which should come shortly this will be qualified as development expenditures and will be capitalized I'll take the second one Adam so what we are doing we are soft launching to tweaking not only the game itself but some retention and monetization mechanism along with testing the game and we are closer and closer to the final result and we are happy with what we can see but of course before the game is launched in a full scale we don't want to announce any internal data regarding how soft launches were progressing but the extensive phase of soft launches enabled us to tweak many things and we learned a lot and this project is definitely driven by design of course as a first priority but by statistics and data as well thank you very helpful thank you our next question is from Kent Rumpf Jeffries please go ahead your line is open hello back again firstly on the R&D that's being expensed on early stage work is that a new thing or I simply don't remember this from back in the day when I guess you were working on Cyberpunk before Witcher 3 came out so is this kind of a new approach or just something perhaps that wasn't significant or I don't remember from the past secondly can I ask just about how expansion work is expensed or capitalized so expansions to Cyberpunk which you've said obviously that you plan expansions in the future and finally on the discussions with Sony and with Xbox firstly does it potentially involve the next gen version or is it simply a discussion about the old last gen we should call it current gen but you know the PS4 version or does it somehow involve satisfying them about next gen and that probably you can answer one I'm not so optimistic about is it simply a technical discussion or does it involve financial and pricing issues for the game thank you I'll take the first two questions as far as I remember we had the same approach however back in the days it was not significant and regarding the expansions I may say that currently they are the expenditures on them are capitalized sorry and this is me and the question about Sony and Xbox again the question was whether it involves the next gens or is it just technical or does involve financial and pricing discussion it's still it's very good and very difficult questions but all that has to remain of course at discretion between the parties if 20 years from now I'm going to be writing memoirs I'll promise to answer that but for now it really has to remain between PlayStation and us and we'll have announcements to share when they are ready and of course Xbox the same situation okay well I understand that thank you thank you our last question is from Ali from HSBC please go ahead your line is open hi good evening I just had a couple of questions please your expectations for Cyberpunk once it gets back to the PlayStation store do they diminish from your previous expectations or do you think that you'll have to invest in marketing to get back to where you had initially on launch second question a bit of a reminder have you impaired anything on the Cyberpunk development or do you plan to revisit this once you know when you launch back on the PS or if that gets delayed and finally in terms of timing of the downloadable content for Cyberpunk what's your strategy in terms of how much content that is and pricing is it all going to be free or paid for thank you hi this is could you actually repeat the I didn't fully understand to be honest the Sony part the marketing and sorry could you repeat that when the Cyberpunk launches back on the PlayStation store what are your expectations for sales do they return back to what you had previously or would you have to invest in marketing to get back to that level oh okay I mean so I don't even think we're looking at it this way I mean of course I mean it's going to be improvements on sales when we're back on the PlayStation because the sales are currently none because we're just not in the store so when we get back there I mean I'm assuming there will be some sales of course so that will be a positive information on its own however in terms of bringing it back to the previous level that is a pretty tough question because the game left the store on the 18th of December and we're right now well pretty much in June May 31st right now so honestly speaking I mean it would be unheard of to go back to the level of sales from the month of the launch you know six months post I mean I think that's as much as I should go in the details here but it would be unrealistic to assume that we're going to go back to the December level of sales with any kind of marketing really when it comes to marketing support of coming back to the PlayStation I would not really expect when that happens if that happens and it's announced we would probably run some sort of you know information campaign that again is available but that's pretty much nothing bombastic so to say oh I'm sorry and there's the next question there was the next question tying up the loadable content to CP I'm assuming this is about the expansions so the bigger ones expansions when we were talking expansions what we meant was something similar to Blood and Wine or Hearts of Stone so the bigger expansions for the Witcher so these expansions for Cyberpunk would be definitely paid they would not be for free I hope that helps thank you thank you it appears there are no further questions at this time thank you so now we have a section to answer the questions asked on chat so I'll read them and then we'll answer the first two are from Konrad Krasudski Bloomberg News the first how big is the percentage of employees or programmers still working on the improvement on Cyberpunk and the second and what are you seeing recently on employees chat so as I said on Cyberpunk there are still around 300 people and in terms of chat the year after release is a natural year of higher chance so we don't see anything unexpected or surprising that's the only thing I can say all right the next question from Piotr Opaciuk PKL BP do you observe significant increase employee turnover after paying out of the annual bonuses oh we've just answered this question the next from Lukasz Kosciarski PKL how many large patches do you plan to release in the next 2-3 months that's tricky because actually our patches some are larger some are smaller we used to call smaller ones hotfixes it wasn't very fortunate because the nature of hotfixes is different the natural nature so from now on any update will be called patch and if there will be any hotfixes so fix is needed after the patch is deployed then we'll call them hotfixes and in terms of number I don't want to pre announce things which are not announced yet we were prepared just to say that the next patch not the biggest one rather smaller will be launched in the next couple of weeks is almost ready but of course we are working on the future patches as well and to add some color in it the first series of patches were mostly focused on low level technical areas not only of course we were fixing glitches and bugs as well but we were focused on stability performance and so on and because those things were to our opinion the most important and then we'll be more and more into improving things without promising anything but the course of action will change a bit so we'll be more focused on pushing the perceived quality further the next question from Albert Rokicki long term what is the percentage of sales of CP 277 through GOG.com sorry we can't share it actually we never shared this kind of internal information so we can't add any color on it the next from Michał Wojciechowski Popema Securities hello could you comment on number of workers of CD Projekt and your targets for employment for the end of 2021 and 2022 we have targets but they are not revealed so we are of course we are in intensive higher processes but we don't share any numbers what are our targets I can just highlight that one of the areas we want definitely to grow is Vancouver as we have access to the wide pool of talents there but of course we will keep hiring in Poland bringing people to Poland from around the globe as well and that was all on our chat thank you very much and see you on half the first half results in roughly three months bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye bye