 Maybe we can start that, Simon?
 uh yeah i just admit two more i think we're uh yeah we have uh we can start definitely perfect
 all right so i will do the introduction thank you everyone for being with us today i'm recognizing a
 a lot of names that we have been following
 I've been immersive for quarter to quarters.
 So it's a pleasure to see you again today.
 For those who don't know me, my name is Justin Amir,
 and the CEO co-founder of Urban Immersive,
 Welcome to our fourth quarter financial result, end of the year.
 Investors Conference Call.
 Bienvenue à notre appel à la conférence de nos états financiers dans notre quatrième
 trimestre pour la fin d'année
 2021
 here for a reason of being efficient and stay efficient and respect our time we'll be doing
 this call in English, but we will take both English and French questions at the end.
 Joining me today, as usual, I have Simon Bedard, our CFO, and I'm just looking at my screen
 and I see François-Hugues Gliberge, our new executive vice president.
 During the call, we might make forward-looking statements
 during future financial performance, operations, products, and events.
 Although we believe our expectations are reasonable, we cannot guarantee these results.
 So again, we caution you to read and consider all the
 factors described in our last mDNA.
 If not, it's going to be on CDAR pretty soon or in our annual information form that you can find on CDAR again.
 So the agenda will be quite different, slightly different, sorry, compared to the last quarter.
 water. So what we want to do is
 And finally, we'll start by going to the last quarter and year-end financial highlights.
 He will talk about some business highlights as well.
 And then afterwards, what we thought that you could appreciate today
 because it's the end of the year we're starting a new year um we thought that you know we will take
 16 minutes and do a short urban immersive deck presentation so that you know we can put everyone
 on the same foot in regards are in regards of how the management is seeing urban immersive
 how we describe it and what is you know our focus and goals uh going forward so without third of a
 I will turn the call to Simon.
 Simon, Simon.
 Hi, good afternoon, everyone.
 We see we have a lot of participants, investors today.
 so thanks for
 interest in being
 present on that call
 today um so what i like to do is um similar to what i've done in the last quarter just maybe
 put some color
 into the
 financials that were
 published in the press release this morning.
 I want to
 apologize. We don't have the feeder filing yet, but the French version should be available
 within the next hour
 from my friends at Grant Thornton
 not telling me
 uh sorry they had some some quality uh issues uh quality control issues this morning and the
 The English version should follow within 48 hours.
 That said, if you have more detailed questions with regards to those financial statements,
 once they're available
 on CDAR, really feel free to
 contact me by phone or email
 and I will answer all questions you have with regards to our financial.
 So in terms of our Q4 and 2021 financial results, to start with, if we talk about revenues for the year, we end up, we closed the year at slightly above 4 million in revenues compared to 4.6 last year.
 So it's an 11% decrease.
 that decrease is
 I would say is
 explained in most cases by
 the decrease in sales of 3D photography equipment.
 That was expected, by the way, to buy $600,000.
 if you remember last year, we were pretty happy to have acquired Immersolution and benefit from
 the good a solid year of demand for 3d cameras at the beginning of the pandemic but we knew that
 you won't last
 you won't be
 sustainable
 yeah
 Uh,
 Over the years, sorry, there's someone...
 Yeah.
 And what's the else's?
 we're back
 Yeah, so that was expected.
 that, of course, we'll go back to a normal level of sales.
 what is this normal level
 maybe next year we can expect
 something around
 $200,000 to $400,000
 but not what we've seen at the beginning of the pandemic
 where people were at time to buy cameras and try it and basically uh there was a a boom but that
 That was a one-time thing, so we don't expect this to continue.
 On the side, if we look at the SaaS sales, we're down 7% compared to last year.
 But, of course, you may know that our company is still today mostly transactional-driven,
 in terms of the revenues transactional based, meaning that, yes, we're progressively moving
 to some recurring revenue streams
 with the new subscription package that we have
 that I think we'll talk about a bit later,
 but still to deal with
 We're heavily transactional based.
 And the fact that the market is, in terms of number of transactions, in terms of number of listings, is down just this year compared to last year, near to 30% or 23%.
 That's in Canada with Centris, but in the U.S., it's also in that range of between 25% to 30%.
 And if you remember last year, we were down 30%.
 So if you accumulate that, we're basically down 60% over two years in terms of, again,
 inventory
 and number of transactions.
 And if you combine this to a very quick turnover ratio where properties and houses are sold most of the time within 24 to 38 hours,
 and they don't need that much of marketing tools
 because you can sell it pretty easily.
 that's just another factor
 that we're facing right now.
 We think that all this, of course, should be temporary.
 we don't have a crystal ball
 Well, we're going to be back to a normal market.
 but just to
 put things in perspective
 talking about centrists
 Right now, I think we have around 35,000 listings on Centris.
 We used to have 120 at that time, usually.
 So, of course, we were affected by this, but the fact that we're 7% down in that type of market, I think it's positive.
 We're even gaining customers.
 We're not losing customers at all.
 We're gaining customers with our new subscription package and all different fronts.
 So that's why it's important to understand the market here
 when we look at our numbers.
 Also, what's important in the last quarter is that you'll see that we have our first
 quarter of photo service
 We have revenues of $307,000, $307,000 of photo service.
 We had those acquisitions, if you remember, were on June 30th.
 So we have only one quarter this year.
 But the ones that were acquired in June have maybe represent approximately $1.8 million on an annual basis of revenues.
 Plus, of course, the ones that you've seen that we acquired in Q1 2022 in November and December, meaning that today I'm not here to make guidance of what's going to be our revenues next year.
 But based on what all those companies that we've acquired have done in the last 12 months, as we posted on our website, we are at a run rate revenues of approximately $11 million.
 And out of this 11 million, we have roughly 3 million in SaaS.
 as I said, half a million
 maybe in hardware and
 And the seven and a half million remaining is photo service.
 So even Q1 2022, you can expect that we'll have maybe two to four weeks of revenues of those new acquisitions that were done in November, December, but we won't have the full effect even in Q1.
 we will do have in Q2.
 And if we talk about Q4,
 Q4, our revenues were 1.1 million compared to 1.4 last year.
 So we're down 24% on Q4, but we've seen that the number of listings have decreased more in Q4 this year.
 But overall, over the year, as mentioned,
 that was in terms of the number of listing inventory
 rate that was down 30%.
 So still, I think we're doing pretty good in this very challenging market.
 Yeah.
 So talking about 3D tours, that's a positive thing on our end is that we see, we experience a lot of growth in the number of 3D tours.
 In fact, 237% compared to Q4 last year.
 we're talking maybe in dollars
 roughly around $70,000 to $80,000
 of revenues of 3D tours this year
 because you may have seen a few updates we provided before Christmas
 with regards to new contracts, including Offerpad, for instance,
 that should scale up and deploy more and more cities over the month.
 So we should see that trend should continue to, in terms of number three, to grow fast in the next month.
 that's what we expect.
 In terms of gross margin, we're pretty stable compared to last year.
 For the three-month period, we were at 61% overall, compared to 63% last year.
 And for the year, we're at 65 compared to 68.
 So pretty stable.
 Well, of course, it depends on the mix of the revenues, because on the SaaS portion,
 our gross margin is somewhere between 82% and 87%.
 And on the service, photo service, more 35 to 40.
 and on the equipment is a bit lower.
 depending depending on the the mix of course that will affect our gross margin but basically this
 should be representative of next year and even probably we could improve that a little bit uh
 when we're going to talk about some efficiency gains that we will have with the synergies and
 acquisitions that Disney will cover a bit more
 a bit more later.
 later.
 in terms of uh net income uh there's a lot of noise this year uh on the uh you know you can see we
 we have a loss of 3.7 million for the year,
 but including 3.2 million of other expenses.
 And out of that 3.2, there's 3 million or 2.9, in fact, that comes from all the adjustments made with regards to the conversion of the debenture, the convertible debenture that are all gone, as you know, as of today.
 So this is non-recurring, so I won't be there next year,
 but there was just a one-time journal entries this year.
 but of course that uh that explains most of why we uh we have that that loss for uh for the year
 In terms of balance sheet, we're still in pretty good shape.
 In fact, as you know, we did a $3 million private placement in April that we used in part for our acquisitions.
 At the end of September, we had 2 million of liquidities.
 I can tell you that as of today, we're near a million.
 so we use that an additional million for the acquisitions that were done completed in november
 and december uh so we're uh we're pretty we we're still in good shape we have enough to operate and
 execute our our business plan no problem there of course with that million that will serve as a
 as a caution going forward so uh we don't expect to use more than that on on acquisition unless we uh
 we raise additional capital or debt or some external funding.
 and other than that
 As you know, throughout the year, we've eliminated our convertible debentures.
 that was uh we reduced our debt in fact by 4.7 million uh throughout the year including 4.5
 uh just for the convertible debentures uh so uh so basically again i think our balance sheet is in
 in good shape and
 And yeah, that's pretty much the point I wanted to cover.
 there's in dmdna and financial you'll have some information by segment where we now track three
 different segment
 One is the software, one is the photography equipment, and one is the service.
 So, again, hopefully I'll be able to post it on Cedar pretty soon
 so you can come back to me if you have further questions.
 And on that, I think I'll turn the mic to you, Justin, if you want to maybe give a quick business update through the presentation.
 Absolutely.
 Simon, but just before we jump to the next point on the agenda, is there anyone who would
 like to ask a specific question about financial that Simon just covered, or you still think
 about your questions and you're going to keep it for the end it's like you want
 You know, we can take a couple of minutes just to go over and clear the financial side of it if you want.
 Otherwise, you know, we're just going to keep it continuing.
 so we're seeing any questions right now.
 I will see you.
 raise your hand but you're just everybody is kind of closing his camera
 So I'm not saying anyone.
 I just have one, just last.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Matthew.
 you mentioned
 that you're in the
 app
 about a million in cash and you're not using any more cash for acquisitions so how should we think
 about the acquisition strategy going forward. There's been a decline in the stock price so
 So maybe it's not as attractive anymore to pay in shares or raise more cash by issuing
 new share.
 How do you think about that?
 yeah but I mean we're not
 as you've seen
 we've closed
 eight acquisition or six acquisition just in december so right now we're on the
 integration phase
 it's going very well
 as you say
 We'll cover that in a sec.
 so we're not
 We're not a week or two to basically announce a new acquisition.
 And we do have a lot of things on our plate, really.
 So we're pretty optimistic about what's coming.
 And, of course, hopefully the market will also be more on the red than on the green.
 So basically, all to say is that by the time we're back on track with acquisitions, we think and we hope that our start price would be at higher levels.
 Yeah, perfect, thank you.
 And if it's not, then we can also, you know, kind of just delay some of the deals or look for any other kind of structure to close those deals.
 any other question or we move forward to just open your mic if you want to have
 ask a question to Simon and just ask your question.
 Good morning, welcome.
 And like I said, you know, we're going to keep answering questions at the end.
 So I promise, all right, I'm going to go into a deck.
 It's very seldom that we're doing that on the conference call, investor conference call.
 I think it might be the first time if I do remember,
 but I promise it will be short.
 I'll try to do it in 10 minutes.
 hopefully I will not lose everyone but 10 to 15 minutes just covering 15 20
 slides. And the reason why we wanted to do it is that we were getting a lot of calls by
 and I, and
 And through those calls, we are realizing that we often have to kind of realign the storytelling
 with some investors who think we're, some investors think we are a metaverse business,
 some investors think that we're just a photography business and so on and so forth so i think that
 the goal of this uh this deck is it's kind of uh redefining for uh for everyone you know i see the
 defining for everyone you know on the same page what it is or benefits and
 where we're going.
 So I'm going to share my screen in a second.
 Hopefully, you're all going to see it, except if you're on your cell phone, on a smaller device, you might have some problems seeing it.
 So I'm going to comment those slides here.
 I'm just going to click on the part of the presentation.
 So, like Simon said, this is the way we describe
 We're very immersive on the TSTX, on our website.
 we're basically a technological business a technology business that provides services
 in the market of real estate society.
 Right.
 Put it not a word.
 I'd like to say that we're a tech-powered real estate society business.
 That's another one to present prevent immersive.
 run rate of 11 million dollars and today you know including the
 by offers who are on their payroll, pay per job and on their payroll, we're turning around
 115 employees.
 If you're going to do the header.
 head office with the developers and the management everything we're probably
 is turning around 30 employees.
 We're based in Montreal, and of course, we'll listen on CSX Venture.
 So this is, I don't want to go into detail, but I just want to remind people that we're not a startup.
 I mean, we've been in this business for more than 10 years and the first thing that my
 brother and I did 10 years ago was to design this spaceship kind of prototype of multi-lens
 camera but it was a real prototype by the way and in 2009 we tried to raise money to commercialize
 business. And this is why in 2012, we kind of jumped on the TSX Venture at that time
 I mean, here in Canada, in Quebec, particularly,
 we were adding access to a tax kind of advantage
 for an investor called RIAS to raise money.
 but this camera never see the light.
 So we kind of create all the software surrounding 3D tour,
 3d tour but you know we're not newcomers we've we've been trying a lot of things in the real
 sites of our business from developing camera software business solutions on
 and so forth.
 know you know the business pretty well and some of the engineers working with
 me to develop those software I've been working with them for more than 25 years so this is our
 that this is not something you're going to find on the market but you know when we sit down and try
 to evaporate
 what is the size of our market and our market is real estate or core market of course at the end of
 deck we'll talk about addressable markets but our core market is real estate photography for the
 purpose of marketing so basically you know to sell a house so when we
 considering that activity for residential commercial and rentals we are estimating
 that this is a a niche market of four billion dollars just in the uh in north america
 Potentially, in our estimation, something about $7 to $8 billion worldwide.
 Here in North America, we're estimating about 30 million shoots a year.
 shoot for us
 to the papa, first taking his car and go to the house
 and bring back 25, 35 images
 with all the media that comes with that.
 And roughly, that generates a billion images per year.
 so that's our this is our market like Simon said this is a transactional market I mean our business
 is linked to the housing inventory so if the housing inventory ramp up we're going to ramp up
 It is going down because our business model, as we're going to see in this slide, is mostly
 transactional base
 we're going to follow the trend.
 And unfortunately, right now, the trend is a history, actually, it's historic.
 uh the uh most of the emulators we talk with they never saw such a low inventory of house for sales
 So, you know, I'm not sure I like those numbers the way I'm presenting it today, but those are real.
 I mean, the market is down 23%.
 Urban receipt is down 11%.
 year over year and our new acquisition are just coming to you know our pipeline of revenue in the
 last quarter.
 So,
 If you take just as fast, like Simon said, minus 7%.
 Overall, we feel we're winning clients.
 We don't feel that we're losing clients, but what we're saying is that our photographers, our clients, are doing less business overall.
 So this is why, I mean, you know, it's kind of a bad place to be right now.
 but you know i'm a positive person and um i don't think it's going to get worse uh and we're hearing
 that the interest rate should increase.
 so that will kind of uh uh hopefully uh slow down a little bit you know the um
 some of the interests of the buyers or people sending out a house.
 So in any case, I think we're kind of the we're at the bottom of the barrier right now.
 So I think the decision will just go start and ramping up again.
 And of course, like Simon said, you know, we're potentially 60% down compared to what numbers should usually be in terms of listings, in terms of house for sale.
 so urban or city should follow the trend and potentially just you know beat the
 trends actually because we believe right now we're beating you know we kind of
 us succeeding in that very very difficult market tell you what's turning them
 I'm talking to a lot of entrepreneurs in the real estate space, and they're all in the same position right now.
 All right, so the stocking business in itself,
 it's a business that is transforming a lot
 and it's definitely shifting to a technology-driven,
 high volume business.
 So basically, you have to do a lot of transactions per day
 because it's a highly competitive landscape
 and you need to bring a lot of value
 in terms of technology.
 So basically, we kind of, you know,
 spread all the parts that you need to succeed in product business like you need to have online booking system
 You need to have the capture hardware, not just a camera, but you might need a 3D camera.
 You might need a drone.
 so you need to have the officialized hardware you need to post it did your
 images to increase you know the the the white balance to put a blue sky on the
 external facade images so you need to have this service you need to create youtube video slideshow
 because youtube is one of the most popular search engines in real estate of course you need to
 to provide 3D tours, it's a must-have today.
 And floor plan is kind of, I will say,
 It's basically more important than the 3D tours right now on the market.
 there's a lot of interest even in some states like here in canada or plans are mandatory this is a
 common product it's a you know you definitely need to provide websites we call it probably website so
 So it's a website dedicated to showcase one house for sale.
 You need a system to deliver 100 images, high-quality images.
 you know images cannot be just transferred by email so you need to have some sort of a solid
 system to transfer your image and you need a very performant payment system to get paid when you look
 at all those things that you need to run a
 of photography business today.
 Urban University is the only company offering and owning every part of the, every portion,
 and every technology required to the business right now.
 and that's giving us a lot of advantages over a competition.
 I will start from the bottom.
 Of course, the after-sales support is easier for a vendor to do because we're providing each part.
 We're not relying to third party for 3D tours, for floor plans, for photo editions.
 everything is done internally
 So, of course, we have a pretty difficult-to-big turnaround delivery time.
 We can deliver faster than our competitors because there are fewer parties involved.
 we have more
 flexibilities in our packages we can offer
 and deal with our clients.
 we keep our margins pretty high for the value we bring and you know we we like to tell the market
 that we we are one of the most competitive business right now in terms
 of pricing so being a one-stop shop is definitely bringing a lot of value to
 clients and it's positioning urban immersive for winning many deals many
 contracts with real estate agents and above first the business model when you look at each of the
 part, there's some portion of those
 required elements that you need to run a business that are not technology like
 you know taking a picture you need to have a human doing that we need to have
 stoppers
 photo editing and images you know even if AI is super well advanced and you know a lot of people
 tell that they are photo editing images with computer you still have some human
 and the human will do a better job.
 And the floor plans, you need somebody to draw floor plans
 and put furnitures right in the room's name and stuff like that.
 those services we are offering to our clients.
 So we call them service-on-demand, and it is transactional-based.
 So, each time somebody wants to have a photographer on site, the client pays when we send a photographer
 same thing for photo edition and for plants and the rest is mostly technology so and we're still
 offering it
 Every part even if there's no line with the booking system with we are offering it and it's still transactional
 for most of the parts.
 So we're charging, for example, $5 to render a site
 which will be $40 to render a 3D tour, $15 to create a property website, and $3 to transfer
 the image you need to think about this part here as a drop box drop box kind of
 platform to transfer the high-quality images we added this year a new service
 That's Simon that briefly talked during the financial
 highlight, what we call the prime
 subscription.
 So, the prime subscription is basically for $30 a month.
 agents can subscribe to that plan and each time they order one of our
 that offers we're going to bundle all the technologies we can offer to them so
 this is a very popular um subscription right now or and we'll talk a little bit later in the deck
 about it simon briefly talked about the distribution of revenues so three million in sas eight million
 dollars in services i just want to add for the sas we're still serving around 1700 real estate
 photographers so this number here is our independent photographers using our
 technologies to serve their agents their clients is generating around 206,000
 probably website per year in terms of services so we're talking about our photographers
 We're serving around 12,000 real estate agents
 I've been doing around 50,000 shoots a year,
 or put a shoot together.
 busy.
 including all our acquisitions that we've done during 2021.
 one when we talk about technology and you cite from the uh history uh the time lines of urban
 You know, we started with the 360 camera design.
 We're still passionate, passionate, highly passionate about 3D technology.
 will always kind of keep that uh in our products and really kind of hope that someday you know 3d
 tours will get back on the market and this is
 the difference to what COVID-19 has created, generated a demand for three tours.
 This is our core technology.
 And we believe that we have right now one of the most complete 3D tour solution on the market.
 If you look at all the features we are offering,
 a few companies can
 can state that they have
 of this in their 3D solution.
 So, of course, each time we're doing a 3D tour, we're providing a dollhouse.
 this is the way you know we commonly call of this kind of 3d pours and room segmentation we can
 measures and on the floor and with tape we're having our own built-in floor plan
 and drawing software built-in in the 3D tour itself.
 So even our clients can play with it and can change the four plans if they want.
 So we're not using AutoCAD.
 We're not using a third-party software
 to create our fault lab.
 We use the AI-powered classification system
 that we acquired from tour bus in 2018 to
 to automatically put a tag in rooms to say this is a fitness room, a kitchen, so and so forth.
 we have those tags also that you can put some graphic and links
 I'm calling that hotspot, 3D hotspot.
 This is pretty unique to Urban Immersive,
 So we are showing an interactive map of people within the room.
 This is not a picture of people, actually.
 it's a real video so you can see you know people in their in the live stream
 video on the map and of course we have the avatar so the 3d social spaces where you can visit with
 friends and interact with them so whether you can interact by chatting or
 or you can interact with video conferencing.
 The next slide is something pretty special for us because, you know, we are running a photography business.
 we are offering photography services and we want to be highly efficient and the only way you can
 achieve profitability and keep your margins by going fast you need to do a
 shoot super fast being two hours in the house you know it's uh it's it's too long so we want our
 photographers to do six to seven shoots per day and in order to do that we
 developed our own capture app that is three times faster than anything else
 that we've seen on the market to scan a house.
 It works on iPhone, iPad, it uses advanced computer vision alignment system to create those maps when you shoot.
 It's fully integrated within our workflow, so it's definitely improving the productivity of our people.
 And also, we also have some features that enable photographers to add additional information on the map for adding value in post-production.
 we recently launched this uh this what we call the automated uh building and sites and analytics
 report so for every tour we providing with our prime subscription people will
 receive a detailed report about the property so they will know how many sinks showers that the
 building has how many doors uh outside doors inside doors and so on and so forth so it's uh
 highly detailed and really appreciated with some of our clients like offerpad by instance that are
 furnishing many of the homes they're buying to resell them.
 this is unique urban immersive uh we call it ui meet 3d so basically it's uh the avatar that you
 You know, you can see people visiting the home with you in the 3D space.
 and we just open their video camera
 So it becomes some sort of a 3D video conference.
 I will tell you that we're presenting UIME treaty to many industry leaders,
 and it's making a lot of noise right now
 and we're expecting to have some significant partnership to announce soon.
 many of the people
 within the industry.
 And as you see, I'm not using that word today, but we've been told and people are telling us that it might be the version 1.0, after all, of metaverse.
 where you are within the space, what you're looking at, and with the video system,
 It's definitely something that has a lot of value for our clients, partners,
 MLSS brokers and so on and we have file for provisional patents on that and
 Basically, the reason why we use a provisional patent
 is basically because we want it to go fast
 and protecting our idea.
 And also, we want to make sure that nobody will patent something on top of our ideas that, you know, basically will force us to not, you know, promote this technology.
 So, so far, we have four provisional patterns on that.
 we're working on the fifth one and basically related to the way we're presenting avatars when
 and there are multiple people on the same axis,
 the way we are controlling user,
 controlled user group experience and so on and so forth.
 And about a 3D tour,
 we have today
 what we believe
 one of the most complete 3D marketing website suite
 on the market.
 Basically, those are websites dedicated to showcase the best way possible 3D tours.
 We have more than 20 customizable designs.
 we accept other media
 like still pictures, video, and so on.
 So it's a solution that is highly appreciated by our clients
 because once you have a 3D tour,
 You need to distribute it, you need to promote it, and we have a complete solution for that.
 The way you know we run a fast business, we, over the years, in 2013, actually, we started
 developing our own business solution, ERP or CRM, whatever you want to call it.
 It's a system that helps managing a photography business.
 And today we're using it to manage our own business.
 And what is particular with our solution is that we've developed over the years a business
 and diligence
 allowing to create
 instant booking. What does it mean? It means that we can, in real time, without any delays, find the
 closest uh first for the next shoot so when an agent come on our platform and they want to look
 of Tata offers at two o'clock Saturday the system will find the right Tata offers for the right
 services for the right client at two o'clock and the booking is confirmed
 there's no other communication they will be sure that the photographers will be there so the system
 and calculate the travel time,
 calculate the service time.
 And at the end of the day,
 gave us you know the possibility to uh to improve the productivity of the businesses
 we are acquiring to give you an example once the business we acquired we're doing 3.5 shoots a day
 and today they're running
 at seven shoots a day with this system.
 So we see rapidly the difference using our system.
 them.
 Oh, and I like to say this is a
 is an autonomous algorithm you know behind that we don't we don't use Google
 map or any other software.
 it's uh it's our own business intelligence
 In terms of on-demand services, it's a recap.
 So we are offering 3D scanning and photography services
 important drawing, image enhancement.
 It's all paper job.
 And in terms of stock fee,
 We have around 130 real estate with offers.
 It's difficult to know the exact numbers because some staffers are working 20 hours,
 something after the working 40 hours or the full time part time whatsoever but
 They are offering the complete package of, you know, visual content capturing, 3D scanning
 On one appointment, basically, our photographers are equipped to deliver all the services of urban immersive.
 Foreclan drawings is done offshore.
 Most of the sparkling drying is done in Paris,
 I was the most, maybe 50-50, 50% is done here in Quebec using our own software.
 And we like to say that we've developed some sort of a marketplace so we can engage really
 rapidly new people to work on our system and to help, you know, with the volume.
 photo edition is the same uh and right now as we speak we are doubling our photo edition team in
 Paris the reason is that because some of the businesses that we have acquired
 recently are paying with offshore
 companies
 three times what it cost us to post edit images so we expect to increase the
 margins of of our one some of our biggest acquisitions that we've done
 with sampling.
 .
 I think from blue skies,
 Help me.
 they're
 Thank you.
 My name is Gary Weaver.
 Can you find the guy?
 Thank you.
 No, I'm trying to.
 It looks like you succeeded to shut it down, and we're very sorry about that.
 It's the first time it's happening.
 We've been hacked on that call.
 uh are you hearing me yeah okay so first time first experience so it's not us it's not stage
 by Rebecca Mercer hopefully you know that and hopefully those young guys that have a lot of fun
 but it's uh trying to to mute samuel mountains uh simon if you can i see samuel mountains can you
 Can you just sit down?
 What?
 And Marie also.
 Yeah.
 So we're sorry for that.
 we're going to try to
 get back to our meeting, otherwise we're going to have to terminate that.
 So are we good to continue?
 or are we going to have other people?
 It's a great moment.
 I think you can, you know,
 Can you stop, I think, I don't know how it works with Simon, but can you stop people getting on the call?
 Yeah.
 So, all right, let's close it, Simon.
 that's called the call.
 All right.
 Sorry, everyone.
 and the next time
 I don't know you.
 You're a fucker.
 I should have fucked up
 or do something else
 Hold that call.
 Goodbye.
 Bye.
 Thank you.