 Maybe we can start, Simon? Yeah, I just have made two more. I think we can start, definitely. Perfect. All right, so I will do the introduction. Thank you, everyone, for being with us today. I'm recognizing a lot of names that I've been following for quarter to quarter. So it's a pleasure to see you again today. For those who don't know me, my name is Justin Amir. I'm the CEO, co-founder of Urban Immersive. Welcome to our fourth quarter financial result, end of the year, investors conference call. Bienvenue à notre appel de conférence. Nous sommes aussi dans notre quatrième trimestre pour la fin d'année 2021. For a reason of being efficient and stay efficient and respect our time, we'll be doing this call in English. But we will take both English and French questions at the end. Joining me today, as usual, I have Simon Bédard, our CFO, and I'm just looking at my screen and I see François-Rugliberge, our new executive vice president. During the call, we might make forward-looking statements during future financial performance, operations, products, and events. Although we believe our expectations are reasonable, we cannot guarantee these results. So again, we caution you to read and consider all the risk factors described in our last MD&A. If not, it's going to be on CDAR pretty soon, or in our annual information form that you can find on CDAR again. So the agenda will be quite different, slightly different, sorry, compared to the last quarter. What we want to do is, Simon will start by going to the last quarter and year-end financial highlights. He will talk about some business highlights as well. And then afterwards, what we thought that you could appreciate today, because it's the end of the year, we're starting a new year. We thought that, you know, we will take 15 minutes and do a short Urban Immersive deck presentation, so that, you know, we can put everyone on the same foot in regards of how the management is seeing Urban Immersive, how we describe it, and what is, you know, our focus and goals going forward. So without further ado, I will turn the call to Simon. Simon. Hi, good afternoon, everyone. We see we have a lot of participants, investors today. So thanks for your interest in being present on that call today. So what I like to do is, similar to what I've done in the last quarter, just maybe put some colour into the financials that were published in the press release this morning. I want to apologise. We don't have the sitter filing yet, but the French version should be available within the next hour, from my friends at Grand Sartan are telling me. Sorry, they had some quality issues, quality control issues this morning. And the English version should follow within 48 hours. That said, if you have more detailed questions with regards to those financial statements, once they are available in CDAR, really feel free to contact me by phone or email and I will answer all questions you have with regards to our financials. So in terms of our Q4 and 2021 financial results, to start with, if we talk about revenues for the year, we close the year at slightly above 4 million in revenues compared to 4.6 last year. So it's an 11% decrease. That decrease is, I would say, is explained in most cases by the decrease in sales of 3D photography equipment. That was expected, by the way, by 600,000. If you remember last year, we were pretty happy to have acquired Immersolution and benefit from the good, solid year of demand for 3D cameras at the beginning of the pandemic. But we knew that it won't last, it won't be sustainable over the years. Sorry, there's someone... And what are the yellow shoes? Okay, we're back. Yeah, so that was expected. Of course, we'll go back to a normal level of sales. What is this normal level? Maybe next year we can expect something around $200,000 to $400,000, but not what we've seen at the beginning of the pandemic, where people had time to buy cameras and try it. And basically, that was a boom, but that was a one-time thing. So we don't expect this to continue. On the side, if we look at the SaaS sales, we're down 7% compared to last year. But of course, you may know that our company is still today mostly transactional driven, you know, in terms of the revenues transactional based, meaning that yes, we're progressively moving to some recurring revenue streams with the new subscription package that we have that we'll talk about a bit later, but still today we're heavily transactional based. And the fact that the market is in terms of number of transactions, in terms of number of listings, is down just this year compared to last year, 30, near to 30%, or 23%, that's in Canada with Centris. But in the US, it's also in that range of between 25 to 30%. And if you remember last year, we were down 30%. So if you accumulate that, we're basically down 60% over two years in terms of, again, inventory and number of transactions. And if you combine this to a very quick turnover ratio where properties and houses are sold most of the time within 24 to 38 hours, and they don't need that much of marketing tools because they can sell it pretty easily, that's just another factor that we're facing right now. We think that all this, of course, should be temporary. We don't have a crystal ball. Well, we're going to be back to a normal market. But just to put things in perspective, I was talking about Centris. Right now, I think we have around 35,000 listings on Centris. We used to have 120 at that time, usually. So, of course, we were affected by this. But the fact that we're 7% down in that type of market, I think it's positive. We're even gaining customers. We're not losing customers at all. We're gaining customers with our new subscription package and all different fronts. So that's why it's important to understand the market here when we look at our numbers. Also, what's important in the last quarter is that you'll see that we have our first quarter of photo service. We have revenues of 307,000 of photo service. We had those acquisitions, if you remember, were on June 30th. So we have only one quarter this year. But the ones that were acquired in June have maybe represent approximately 1.8 million on an annual basis of revenues. Plus, of course, the ones that you've seen that we acquired in Q1 2022 in November and December. Meaning that today, I'm not here to make guidance of what's going to be our revenues next year. But based on what all those companies that we've acquired have done in the last 12 months, where as we posted on our website, we are at a run rate revenues of approximately 11 million. And out of this 11 million, we have roughly 3 million in SaaS. As I said, half a million maybe in hardware and the 7.5 million remaining is photo service. So even Q1 2022, you can expect that we'll have maybe two to four weeks of revenues of those new acquisitions that were done in November, December. But we won't have the full effect even in Q1. We'll do have in Q2. And if we talk about Q4, our revenues were 1.1 million compared to 1.4 last year. So we're down 24% on Q4. But we've seen that the number of listings have decreased more in Q4 this year. Overall, over the year, as mentioned, in terms of the number of listings in inventory, that was down 30%. So still, I think we're doing pretty good in this very challenging market. Talking about 3D tours, that's a positive thing on our end is that we see, we experience a lot of growth in the number of 3D tours. In fact, 237% compared to Q4 last year. Last year, we're talking maybe in dollars, roughly around $70,000 to $80,000 of new revenues of 3D tours this year. And that should continue to grow fast because you may have seen a few updates we provided before Christmas with regards to new contracts, including Offerpad, for instance, that should scale up and deploy more and more cities over the month. So we should see that trend should continue in terms of number 3D tours to grow fast in the next month. That's what we expect. In terms of gross margin, we're pretty stable compared to last year. For the three-month period, we were at 61% overall compared to 63% last year. And for the year, we're at 65% compared to 68%. So pretty stable. Of course, it depends on the mix of the revenues because on the SAS portion, our gross margin is somewhere between 82% and 87%. And on the service, photo service, more 35% to 40%. And on the equipment is a bit lower. Depending on the mix, of course, that will affect our gross margin. But basically, this should be representative of next year. And even probably we could improve that a little bit when we're going to talk about some efficiency gains that we will have with the synergies and acquisitions that Disney will cover a bit more later. In terms of net income, there's a lot of noise this year on the, you know, we can see we have a loss of 3.7 million for the year, but including 3.2 million of other expenses. And out of that 3.2, there's 3 million or 2.9, in fact, that comes from all the adjustment made with regards to the conversion of the debenture, the convertible debenture that are all done, as you know. As of today, so this is, is not a recurring, so I won't be there next year, but there was just a one time journal entries this year. But of course, that, that explains most of why we, we have that loss for, for the year. In terms of balance sheet, we're, we're, we're still in pretty good shape. In fact, as you know, we, we did a 3 million private placement in April. We, that we use for, for, in part for our acquisition. We, at the end of September, we had 2 million of liquidity. I can, I can tell you that as of today, we're near a million. So we use that, an additional million for the acquisition that were done completed in November and December. So we're, we're pretty, we, we're still in good shape. We have enough to operate and execute our, our, our business plan. No problem there. Of course, with that million that will serve as a, as a, as a caution going forward. So we don't expect to use more than that on, on acquisition, unless we, we, we, we, we, we, you know, raise additional capital or, or debt or some, some external funding. Um, uh, and other than that, uh, as you know, throughout the year, we've, uh, we've eliminated our convertible debentures. That was, uh, we reduced our debt in fact by 4.7 million, uh, throughout the year, including 4.5, uh, just for the convertible debentures. Uh, so, uh, so basically again, I think our balance sheet is in good shape and, uh, yeah, that's pretty much the point I wanted to cover. Um, there's in DM DNA and financial, you'll have some information by segment, uh, where we now track three different segments. Uh, one is the software, uh, one is the, uh, photography equipment and one is the service. So, uh, so again, uh, hopefully I'll be able to, to, to post it on CIDAR pretty soon. So you can come back to me if you have further questions. And on that, uh, I think I'll turn the mic to you, Justin, if you, uh, if you want to maybe give a, a, a, a, a quick, a business update through the presentation. Absolutely. Uh, Simon, but just before we jump to the next point on the agenda, uh, is there anyone who would like to ask a specific questions about financial that, uh, Simon just covered? Or, uh, you still think about your questions and you're going to keep it for the end. It's like you want, you know, we can take a couple of minutes just to go over and, uh, clear the, uh, the financial side of it if you want. Otherwise, you know, we're just gonna keeping continuing. So we're seeing any question right now. I will say you raise your hand, but you're just, everybody is kind of closing his camera. Right. So I'm not saying everyone. I just have one, uh, just like, that's it. Matthew here. Um, uh, Simon, you mentioned that, uh, you currently have about a million in cash and you're not, uh, using any more cash for acquisitions. So, um, how should we think about the acquisition strategy going forward? Uh, since, you know, the, there, there's been a decline in the stock price. So, um, maybe it's not as attractive, uh, uh, anymore, um, to paint, to paint shares or raise, uh, raising more cash by issuing new shares. So how do you think about that? Uh, yeah, but I mean, we're not, uh, as you've seen, we've closed eight acquisition, uh, or six acquisition just in December. So right now we're on the integration phase. It's going very well. Uh, just, I will cover that in a sec. Uh, so we're, we're not, we're not a week or two to basically, uh, uh, uh, announce a new, uh, acquisition. So, and we, we do have a lot of things on our plate really. So we're pretty optimistic about what's coming. And, and of course, hopefully the, uh, uh, the, the, the market will also be, uh, more on the red than on the green. So basically all to say is that we, uh, by the time we, uh, we're back on track with acquisition, we, we think, and we hope that, uh, our, our star price would be at higher levels. Yeah. Perfect. Thank you. And if it's not, uh, we can also, you know, kind of, uh, just delay some of the deals. Or, or look for, uh, any, uh, any other kind of structure, uh, to close those deals. Any other question or we move forward to, uh, just open your mic. If you want to ask a question to our assignment and, uh, just ask your question, you're more than welcome. And like I said, you know, we're going to keep answering questions at the end. Uh, at the end. So I promise. All right. I'm going to go into a deck. It's very seldom that we're doing that on the conference call investor conference call. I think it might be the first time if I do, uh, remember, but I promise it will be short. I'll try to do it in 10 minutes. Hopefully I will not lose everyone, but, uh, 10 to 15 minutes, just covering 15, 20 slides. And the reason why we wanted to do it is that we were getting a lot of calls and I, uh, and, uh, through those calls, we are realizing that, um, we often have to, um, uh, kind of realign the storytelling with some investors. We think we're, uh, some investors think we are a metaverse business. Some investors think that we're just a product business and so on and so forth. So I think that, uh, the goal of this, uh, this deck is, uh, it's kind of, uh, redefining for, uh, for everyone. You know, I see defining for everyone, you know, on the same page, uh, what is, is there going to receive and where we're going. So I'm going to share my screen in a second. Hopefully you're all going to see it, except if you're on your cell phone and what's, uh, on a smaller device, you might have some problems seeing it. So I'm going to comment those slides here. I'm just going to click on the part of the presentation. So, like Simon said, this is, uh, the way we describe it on, uh, the TSX on our website. Um, we're basically a technological business, uh, technology business that provides services. That provides services in the market of real estate photography. Um, put it in other words. I like to say that we're a tech powered real estate photography business. That's another way to present urban immersive. Uh, run rates of $11 million. And today, you know, including the photographers who are on their payroll, um, paper job and on their payroll. We're turning around 115 employees. If you consider the head office, but the developers and the management and everything, we're probably turning around 30 employees. We're based in Montreal. Uh, and of course we'll listen on TSX Venture. So this is, I don't want to go into detail, but I just want to remind people that we're not a startup. I mean, we've been in this business for more than 10 years. And the first thing that my brother and I did, uh, 10 years ago was to design this. Spaceship kind of prototype of milk to lens camera, but it was a real prototype by the way. And in 2009, we tried to, um, raise money to commercialize business. And, uh, this is why in 2012, we kind of jumped on the TSX Venture at that time. And here in Canada and Quebec are clearly, we were adding access to a tax kind of advantage for an investor called RIA. So to, uh, to raise money, but, uh, this camera never the light. So we kind of, uh, uh, create all the software, uh, surrounding 3D tour, but, you know, we're not newcomers. We've, we've been trying a lot of things in the real estate business, uh, from developing cameras, software, business solutions, so on and so forth. So we know, you know, the business pretty well. And some of the engineers working with me to develop those software, I've been working with them for more than 25 years. So this is our step. This is not something you're going to find on market, but you know, when we sit down and try to evaluate, what is the size of our market? And our market is real estate or core market. Of course, at the end of the deck, we'll talk about addressable markets, but our core market is real estate photography for the purpose of marketing. So basically, you know, to sell a house. So when we considering that activity for residential commercial and rental, we are estimating that this is a, a niche market of $4 billion just in the, uh, in North America. Potentially in our estimation, something about $7 to $8 billion worldwide. Just sit here in North America. We're estimating about 30 million shoots a year. Shoot for us is a power first. The King's car and do it to the house and bring back 25, 35, uh, images with all the media that comes with that. And roughly that's provide generates a billion images per year. So that's our, this is our market. Like Simon said, this is a transactional market. I mean, our business is linked to the housing inventory. So if the housing inventory ramp up, we're going to ramp up. If it's going down because our business model, as we're going to see in this slide, is mostly 9% transactional based, we're going to follow the trend. And unfortunately, right now, the trend is a history cost. Uh, actually, it's historic. Uh, the, uh, most of the MLSs we talk with, they never saw such a low inventory of house for sales. Uh, you know, I'm not sure I like those numbers, the way I'm presenting it today, but those are real. I mean, the market is down 23%. Urban, urban receipt is down 11% year over a year. And our new acquisition are, are just coming into, you know, our pipeline of revenue in the last quarter. So if you take just the fast, like Simon said, minus 7%. Overall, we feel we're winning clients. Uh, we don't feel that we're losing clients, but we, we, what we're saying is that our photographers, our clients are doing less business overall. So this is why, I mean, you know, it's kind of, uh, of, uh, a bad place to be right now, but you know, I'm a positive person and, um, I don't think it's going to get worse. Uh, and, uh, we're hearing that, you know, the interest rate should increase. So that will kind of, uh, uh, hopefully, uh, slow down a little bit, you know, the, um, uh, some of the interest of, uh, buyers, uh, or, or people selling our house. So in any cases, I think we're kind of the, uh, we're at the bottom of the barrier right now. So I think it's that the situation will just come, go start and ramping up again. And of course, like, uh, Simon said, you know, we're potentially 60%, uh, down compared to what number should usually be in terms of, uh, listings in terms of house for sale. So urban or stiff should follow the trend and potentially just, you know, uh, beat the trends actually, because we believe right now we're beating, you know, we kind of, uh, succeeding in that very, very difficult market. I can tell you what's starting them talking to a lot of, uh, entrepreneurs in the real estate space, and they are on the same position right now. All right. So the factory business in itself, it's a, it's a business that is transforming a lot and it's definitely shifting to a technology driven high volume business. So basically you have to do a lot of transactions per day because it's a highly competitive landscape and you need to bring a lot of value in terms of technology. So basically we kind of, you know, spread all the parts that you need to succeed in product business. Like you need to have online booking system. You need to have the capture hardware, not just a camera, but you might need a 3d camera. You might need a drone. So you need to have those specialized hardware. You need to, uh, post it, get your images to increase, you know, the, the, the, the white balance to put a blue sky on the external. Uh, facade, uh, images. So you need to have this service. You need to create YouTube video slideshows because YouTube is one of the most popular search engine in real estate. Of course, you need to provide 3d tours. It's a must have today. And for plan is kind of, I will say it's basically more important than 3d tours right now on the market. There's a lot of interest, even in some states like here in Canada or plans are mandatory. Uh, this is a common product. It's a, you know, you definitely need to provide websites. We call it probably websites. So it's a website dedicated to showcase one house for sale. You need a system to deliver 100 images, high quality images. You know, images cannot be just transferred by email. So you need to have a, some sort of a solid system to transfer your image. And you need a very performance, uh, payment system to get paid. When you look at all those things that you need to run a photography business today, Urban University is the only company offering and owning every part of, uh, the, uh, the, every, every portion, every technology required to the business, uh, right now. Um, and that's giving us, uh, a lot of advantages over, over our competition. I will start from the bottom. Of course, the after sales support is easier for Urban University to do because we're providing each part. We're not relying to third party for 3d tours, for floor plans, for photo editions. Everything is done internally. So of course we have a pretty difficult to be turnaround every time we can deliver, uh, faster than our competitors because there are fewer, uh, parties involved. We can, we have more flexibility than our packages. We can offer and deal with our, our clients. We keep our margins pretty high for the value we bring. And, you know, we, we like to tell the market that we, uh, we are one of the most competitive, uh, business right now. In terms of pricing. So being a one-stop shop is definitely bringing a lot of value to our clients. And it's positioning Urban Immersive for winning, uh, many deals, many contracts with real estate agents and spot offers. The business model, when you look at each of the parts, there's some portion of those, um, those, uh, required, um, elements that you need to run a, uh, business that are not technology. Like, you know, taking a picture, you need to have a human doing that. You need to have a software, uh, photo editing and images, you know, even if AI is super well advanced. And, you know, a lot of people tell that they are photo editing images with computer. You still have some human, the human will do a better job. And the floor plans. You need somebody draw to draw floor plans and put furniture, right? The rooms name and stuff like that. Those services we are offering to our clients. So we call them service on demand and it is transactional based. So each time somebody wants to have a photographer on, on, on, on site, uh, the, the, the client pay and send a photographer. Same thing for photo edition and floor plans. And the rest is mostly technology. So, and we're still offering it every part. Even if there's no line with the booking system with, we are offering it and it's still transactional. Uh, most of, uh, for most of the parks. So we're charging, for example, $5 to render a slide. You'll be $40 to render a 3d tours. Uh, $15 to create a property website. And a $3 to transfer the image. You need to think about this part here as a drop box, drop box kind of, uh, platform to transfer the high quality images. We added this year, a new service that Simon, that briefly talked during the financial highlight. What we call the prime subscription. So the prime subscription is basically for $30 a month agent can subscribe to that plan. And each time they order one of our photographers, we're going to bundle all the technologies, uh, we can offer to them. So this is a very popular, um, subscription right now. Or, uh, and we'll talk a little bit later in the deck about it. Simon briefly talked about the distribution of revenues. So 3 million in SAC, $8 million in, uh, services. I just want to add, uh, for the SAC is still, um, serving around 1,700, uh, real estate photographers. So this number here is our independent photographers using our technology to serve their agents, their clients. They're generating around 206,000 probably website per year. In terms of services. So we're talking about our photographers. We're serving around 12,000 real estate agents and doing around 50,000 shoots a year, photo shoots a year. So basically this is including all our acquisitions that we've done, uh, during 2021. When we talk about technology and you saw it from the, uh, history, uh, the timelines of urban immersive, you know, we started with a 360 camera design. We still passion, passionate, hot, highly passionate about 3d technology. We'll always kind of keep that, uh, in our products and really kind of, uh, hope that someday, you know, 3d tours will, will get back on the market. And this is the difference to what COVID-19 has created, generated a demand for 3d tours. This is our core technology. And we believe that we have right now, um, one of the most complete 3d tour solution, uh, on the market. If you look at, uh, the, all the features we are offering, uh, few companies can, um, can, uh, state that they have, have all this in their 3d solution. So of course we're each time we're doing a 3d tour, we providing a dollhouse. This is the way, you know, we commonly, uh, of this kind of, uh, 3d floors and room segmentation. We can measure, uh, um, on the floor and with tape. Uh, we're having our own built-in floor plan drawing software built in in the 3d tour itself. So even our clients can play with it and can change the, uh, the floor plans if they want. So there's, if we're not using AutoCAD, we're not using a third party software to create our floor plans. We use, uh, the AI powered, um, the classification system, uh, that we acquired from tour bus in 2018. To, uh, automatically, uh, uh, put a, a tag in rooms to say, this is a fitness room, a kitchen, so on, so forth. Uh, we have those tag also that you can put some, uh, graphic and links, um, some are calling that hotspot 3d hotspot. This is pretty unique to urban immersive. So we are showing an interactive map of people within the room. This is not picture of people actually. It's a real video. So you can see, you know, people in their, um, in the live stream video on the map. And of course we have the avatar. So the 3d social spaces where you can visit with friends and interact with them. So whether you can interact, uh, by chatting, or you can interact with video conferencing. Um, the next slide is, uh, something pretty special for us because, you know, we are, we are running a photography business. Uh, we are offering photography services and we want to be highly efficient. And the only way you can achieve, um, profitability and keep your margins by going fast. You need to do a shoot super fast. Being two hours in the house, you know, it's, uh, it's, it's too long. So we want our photographers to do six to seven shoots per, per day. And in order to do that, we've developed our own capture app. That is three times faster than anything else that we've seen on the market to, to, uh, scan a house. It works from iPhone, iPad. It's used advanced computers, vision alignment system to, uh, create those maps when you shoot. It's fully integrated within our workflow. So it's definitely, uh, improving, uh, the productivity of our people. And it also, we also have some features, uh, that enable photographers to add, uh, additional, uh, information on the map, uh, for, uh, adding value, um, in post-production. We recently launched this, uh, this, uh, what we call the automated, uh, building insights and analytics report. So for every tour we, uh, providing with our prime subscription, people will receive a detailed report about the property. So they will know how many sink showers, uh, uh, that the building has, how many doors, uh, outside doors, inside doors, and so on and so forth. So it's, uh, highly detailed and, uh, really appreciated with, uh, some of our clients, like Opera Path, for instance, that are furnishing, uh, many of the home they're, they're, uh, buying to resell them. Um, this is unique to urban immersive. Uh, we call it UIMe3D. So basically it's, uh, the avatar that you, you know, you can see people visiting the home with you in the 3D space. And we just opened their video camera. So it becomes some sort of a 3D view conference. I will tell you that, uh, we're presenting UIMe3D to many, um, uh, industry leaders. Uh, and, uh, it's making a lot of noise right now, and we're expecting to have some, um, significant, uh, uh, partnership to announce soon. Uh, many of the people within the industry. And as you see, I'm not using that word today, but we've been told and people are telling us that it might be the version 1.0 after all of metaverse. You know, being able to be all together, uh, within an environment, visually interacting, uh, where you are with, within the space, what you're looking at. And with the video system, uh, it's, um, definitely something that, um, has a lot of value for our clients, partners, MLSs, brokers, and so on. And we have filed four provisional patents on that. And basically the reason why we, uh, we use a provisional patent is basically because we want to go fast in protecting our idea. And also we want to make sure that nobody will patent something on top of our ideas that, you know, basically will, um, force us to not, uh, you know, promote this technology. So, so far, uh, we have four provisional patents on that. We're working on the fifth one and basically related to the way we're presenting avatars when there are multiple people on the same axis. The way we, uh, controlling, uh, user control user experience and so on and so forth. And, um, about a 3d tour, uh, we have today what we believe one of the most complete 3d marketing website suite on the market. So basically it's those are websites dedicated to show, to showcase the best way possible 3d tours. Uh, we have more than 20 customizable designs. Uh, we accept other media, like still, still pictures, video, and so on. So it's, um, it's, uh, solution that is highly, um, appreciated by our clients because once you have 3d tours, you need to distribute it. You need to promote it. And we have a complete solution to that. The way, you know, we run a fast business. Uh, we, uh, over the years, uh, through Benmore City, in 2013, actually, we started developing our own business solution. ERP or CRM, whatever you want to call it. It's a system that helps managing, uh, a photography business. And today we're using it to manage our own photography business. And what is particular with, uh, our solution is that we've developed over the years, a business intelligence allowing to, uh, create instant booking. Uh, what does it mean? It means that we can in real time without any delays, find the closest. Uh, first for the next shoot. So when an agents come on our platform and they want to book a photographers at two o'clock Saturday, the system will find the right photographers for the right services for the right client at two o'clock. And the booking is confirmed. There's no other communication. They will be sure that the photographers would be there. So the system calculate the, uh, the, uh, the travel time, calculate the service time. And at the end of the day, it gave us, you know, uh, the possibility to, uh, to, uh, improve the productivity of the business. This is we are acquiring to give you an example. Once the business we acquired, we're doing 3.5 shoots a day. Uh, and today they're running at seven shoots a day with this system. So we see rapidly the difference, uh, using our system. Oh, and I like to say, this is an autonomous algorithm. You know, behind that, we don't, we don't use Google, uh, map or any other software. It's, uh, it's our own business intelligence. Okay. In terms of on-demand services, it's a recap. So we are offering 3d scanning and photography services for them drawing image announcements. It's all paper jobs. Uh, and, uh, in terms of photography, we have, uh, around 130 real estate photographers. Uh, it's difficult to know, you know, the exact numbers because some photographers are working 20 hours. Some photographers are working 40 hours or the full time part time whatsoever. But they are offering the, uh, complete package of, uh, you know, uh, visual content capturing, 3d scanning, uh, on one appointment. Basically our photographers are, um, um, are, are equipped to deliver all the services of urban immersive. 4 plan drawings is done, uh, offshore. Most of the 4 plan drawing is done in Paris. Uh, um, I was in most, maybe 50, 50, 50% is done here in Quebec using our own software. And, uh, we like to say that we've developed, uh, some sort of a marketplace. So we can, um, uh, engage, uh, really rapidly new people to work on our system and to help, you know, with the volume. Photo edition is the same. Uh, and right now as we, as we speak, we are doubling our, uh, photo edition, uh, team in Paris. Uh, the reason is that because, uh, some of the businesses that we have acquired, uh, recently are paying with, uh, offshore, uh, companies three times what it costs us to, uh, post, uh, edit images. So we expect to increase the margins of, uh, uh, of, uh, or, uh, one, some of our biggest acquisitions that we've done recently. Photo edition can be anything from blue guys. Athen's he can't help play with economics very much. Yeah, but he's going to- Oh, he's going to get to be like Michigan, what are you doing? From them, Edgar? Oh, that's my pre World War II. Oh, there's no old bonus that I talked about before a while, so. Nobody's going to get to the magazine that I talked about before. You're working on production from Milk From another has been really considered I kept using crush lean겠�ers again. Welcome into Publicity from a Classic B ai условian Extrepan, Thank you. Can you find the guy? No, I'm trying to. It looks like you succeeded to shut it down. And we're very sorry about that. It's the first time it's happening. We've been hacked on that call. Are you hearing me? Yeah, okay. So first time, first experience. So it's not us. It's not played by Ben Mercy. Hopefully you know that. And hopefully those young guys that have a lot of fun. But it's trying to mute Samuel Montes, Simon, if you can. I see Samuel Montes. Can you just shut it down? What? And Marie also. Yeah. So sorry for that. We're going to try to get back to our meeting. Otherwise, we're going to have to terminate that. So are we good to continue? Are we going to have other people? Samuel Montes. I think you can. I don't know how it works with him with Simon, but can you stop people getting on the call? Yeah. Well, all right. Let's close it, Simon. Let's close the call. All right. Sorry, everyone. And with next time, we'll use... Shut up, fuck up. Shut up, fuck up. We'll use something else. Close that call. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye. Goodbye.