 Maybe we can start, I find them.
 Yeah, I just admit two more. I think we're, yeah, we have, we can start, definitely.
 Perfect. All right, so I will do the introduction. Thank you everyone for being with us today.
 I'm recognizing a lot of names that we that I've been following or venomersive or
 quarter to quarter. So, it's a pleasure to see you again today. For those who know me,
 My name is Stan Amir, I'm the CEO co-founder of Group Animersive.
 Welcome to our fourth quarter financial result, end of the year, investor's conference call.
 Bienvenue à notre appel conférante de nos étocements actifs dans la quatrième trimestre
 for La Saint-Denis 2021 for a reason of being efficient and stay efficient and respect our
 time we'll be doing this call in English but we will take both English and
 and French questions at the end.
 Joining me today, as usual, I have Simon Bedar, our CFO,
 our CFO, and I'm just looking at my screen and I see
 Plans where you get that are new, uh,
 During the call, we might make forward-looking statements during future financial performance
 operations, products, and evens. Although we believe our expectations are reasonable, we cannot
 guarantee these results. So again, we caution you to read and consider all the
 risk factors described in our last MDNA, if not, it's going to be on CDAR pretty soon
 or in our annual information form that can find us in Oregon.
 So the agenda will be quite different, slightly different,
 Sorry, compared to the last quarter.
 So what we want to do is finally we'll start by going to the last quarter and year end
 financial highlights, we will talk about some business highlights as well.
 And then afterwards what we thought that you could appreciate today because it's the end
 the year, we're starting a new year. We thought that, you know, we would take 15 minutes and do a
 a short urban immersive deck presentation.
 So that, you know, we can put everyone on the same foot
 in regards of how the management is seeing
 how we describe it and what is, you know, our focus and goals going forward.
 So without third of a bill, I will turn the call to Simon Simon.
 Good afternoon, everyone.
 We see we have a lot of participants, investors today, so thanks for your interest in being
 present on that on that call today so what I like to do is similar to what I've
 done in the last quarter, just maybe put some some color into the financial that
 were published in the press release this morning.
 I want to apologize.
 We don't have the sitter filing yet, but the French version should be available within
 in the next hour from my friends at Grand Tordon on telling me, sorry they had some quality
 issues, quality control issues this morning, and the English version should follow within
 48 hours. That said, if you have more detailed questions with regards to those financial
 statements where once they're available and CDAR, really feel free to contact me by phone
 or email and I will answer all questions you have with regards to our financials.
 So in terms of our Q4 and 2021 financial result, to start with, if we talk about revenues,
 40 years, we close the year slightly above $4 million in revenues compared to $4.6 last
 year, so it's 11% decrease. That decrease is, I would say, is explained in most cases
 by the decrease in cells of 3D photography equipment.
 That was expected, by the way, by 600,000 if you remember last year, we were pretty happy to have
 to have acquired e-mail solutions and benefits from the good, solid year of demand for 3D
 as at the beginning of the pandemic, but we knew that you won't be sustainable over the
 years.
 Yeah.
 Mmm.
 Where's the yellow shoes?
 We're back. Yeah, so so that was expected that of course we'll go back to a normal level of cells
 What is this normal level, maybe next year we can expect something around $2,000 to $400,000,
 not what we've seen at the beginning of the pandemic where people were at time to buy cameras
 and try it and basically there was a boom but there was a one-time thing so we don't expect
 take this to continue.
 On the side, if we look at the SAS cell,
 We're down 7% compared to last year.
 But, of course, you may know that our company is still
 today, mostly transactional driven, but, you know,
 in terms of the revenue,
 transactional-based, meaning that yes, we're progressively moving to some revenue, recurring
 of new strings with the new subscription package that we have that we'll talk about a bit later,
 still to deal with we're heavily transactional based and the fact that the market is in terms
 of number of transactions in terms of number of listings is down just this year compared
 Thank you very much for watching, and I'll see you in the next video.
 near to 30% or 23% that's in Canada with
 centrist but in the US it's also in that range of between 25 to 30% and if you
 Remember last year we were down 30%, so if you accumulate that, we're physically down
 60% over two years in terms of, again, inventory and number of transactions.
 And if you combine this to a very quick turnover ratio where our properties and houses are
 sold most of the time within 24 to 48 hours, and they don't need that much of marketing
 That's just another factor that we're facing right now.
 We think that all this, of course, should be temporary.
 We don't have a crystal ball.
 Well, we're going to be back to a normal market.
 but just to uh...
 To put things in perspective, we're talking about centuries.
 We're...
 Right now I think we have around 35,000 listings on Centres.
 We used to have 120 at that time usually.
 So it's, of course, we were affected by this,
 but the fact that we're 7% down in that type of market,
 uh... i think it's it's positive
 We're even gaining customers.
 We're not losing customers at all.
 So we're gaining customers with our new subscription package and all different fronts, so that's
 That's why it's important to understand the market here when we look at our numbers.
 what you have what's important this in the last quarter is that you'll see that
 We have our first quarter of photo service.
 We have revenue...
 use of 307,000, 307,000 of photo service.
 We had those acquisitions, if you remember, were on June 30th.
 So we have only one quarter this year.
 but the ones that were acquired in June
 have maybe represented approximately 1.8 million
 on an annual basis of revenues, plus, of course,
 the ones that you've seen that we acquired in Q1 2022 in November and December, meaning
 that today I'm not here to make guidance of what's going to be our revenues next year,
 based on what all those companies that we've acquired have done in the last 12 months were
 As we posted on our website, we are at the run rate revenues of approximately 11 million.
 And out of this, 11 million, we have roughly 3 million in SAS.
 As I said, half a million may be in the hardware,
 And the seven and a half million remaining is that it's
 photo service. So even Q1 2022 you can expect that will have maybe two to four
 weeks of revenues of those new acquisitions that were done in November-December, but we
 won't have the full effect even in Q1, what we'll do as in Q2.
 And if we talk about Q2, we'll talk about Q1, Q2, Q1, Q2, Q1, Q1, Q1, Q2, Q1, Q1, Q1,
 Q4, our revenues were 1.1 million compared to 1.4 last year, so we're down 24% on Q4,
 we've seen that the number of listing have decreased more in Q4 this year, that over
 all over the year, as mentioned, that was in terms of the number of listing and inventory
 that was down 30% still, I think we're doing pretty good in this very challenging market.
 Talking about 3D tours, that's a positive thing on our end, is that we see, we experience
 a lot of growth in the number of 3D tours, in fact 237% compared to Q4 last year, we're
 talking maybe in dollars, roughly around $70,000 to $80,000 of revenues of 3D tours this
 year and that should continue to grow fast because you may have seen a few updates we
 provided before Christmas with regards to new contracts including offer pad for
 instance, that should scale up and deploy more and more cities over the months, so we
 We should see that trend should continue in terms of number three, trust to grow fast
 in the next month, that's what we expect.
 In terms of gross margin, we're pretty stable compared to last year.
 For the three-month period, we were at 61% overall compared to 63% last year, and for
 a year we're at 65 compared to 68 so pretty stable of course it depends on the mix of
 the revenues because on the SAS portion, our gross margin is somewhere between 82 and 87%
 on the service, photo service, more 35 to 40, and on the equipment is a bit lower, depending
 on the the mix of course that will affect our gross margin but basically this should be
 representative of next year and even probably we could improve that a little bit when we're
 going to talk about some efficiency gains that we will have with the synergies and acquisitions
 that Disney will cover a bit more later.
 In terms of net income, there's a lot of noise this year.
 Here on the, you know, we can see we have a loss of 3.7 million for the year, but including
 3.2 million of other expenses, and out of that 3.2, there's 3 million or 2.9, in fact,
 comes from all the adjustment made with regards to the conversion of the debenture of the
 ...
 from the Revealed Adventures that are all done, as you know,
 as of today.
 So this is non-irrequiring.
 So I won't be there next year, but there was just a one-time journal entries this year.
 But of course, that explains most of why
 we have that loss for the year.
 In terms of balance sheet, we're still in pretty good shape.
 In fact, as you know, we did a 3 million private placement in April that we use in part for
 our acquisition. At the end of September, we had 2 million of liquidities. I can tell
 that as of today we're near a million so we use that an additional million for the acquisition
 that were done, completed in November and December.
 So, we're pretty, we're still in good shape.
 We have enough to operate and execute our business plan, no problem there.
 course with that million that will serve as a cushion going forward, so we don't expect
 to use more than that on acquisition unless we raise additional capital or debt or some
 external funding.
 And other than that, as you know, throughout the year, we've eliminated our convertible
 the ventures that was, we reduced our debt in fact by 4.7 million throughout the year
 including 4.5 just for the convertible debentures so so basically again I think
 or balance sheet is in good shape and yeah that's pretty much the point I wanted to
 cover. In DMDNA and financial you'll have some information by segment where we now track
 three different segments.
 one is the software, one is the photography equipment, and one is the service. So again,
 Hopefully, I'll be able to post it on CDOR pretty soon, so you can come back to me after your questions.
 And on that, I'll turn the mic to you to say if you want to maybe give a quick business
 update through the presentation.
 Absolutely, Simon, but just before we jump to the next point on the agenda, is there
 Anyone who would like to ask a specific question about financial that Simon just covered, or
 you still...
 think about your questions and you're going to keep it for the end. It's like you want
 you know, we can take a couple of minutes just to go over
 clear the financial side of it if you want, otherwise, you know, we're just going to keep
 been continuing so we're seeing any question right now I will say you're
 raise your hand, but you're just, everybody is kind of,
 building is kind of a wrap, so I'm not seeing anyone.
 I just have one, uh, just, like, two,
 That's my view here.
 Simon, you mentioned that you currently have about a million in cash and you're not using
 any...
 more cash for acquisitions, so how should we think about the acquisition strategy going
 forward since, you know, there's been a decline in the stock price, so maybe it's not as attractive
 any more to paint to paint shares or raise the rate more cash by issuing new
 share. So how do you think about that?
 Yeah, but I mean, we're not, as you've seen, we've closed eight acquisitions or six acquisitions
 just in December, so right now we're on the integration phase, it's going very well as
 We'll cover that in a sec.
 So we're not a wick or two to basically announce a new acquisition.
 So, and we do have a lot of things on our plate, really.
 So we're pretty optimistic about what's coming.
 And of course, hopefully, the market will also be more
 on the red than on the green.
 So basically all to say is that by that time,
 We're back on track with acquisition.
 And we think and we hope that our start price would be at the higher levels.
 Yeah, perfect.
 Perfect, thank you.
 And if it's not, then we can also, you know, kind of just delay some of the deals or look
 for any other kind of structure to close those deals.
 Any other question or we move forward to just open your mic if you want to ask a question to a Simon and just ask your question.
 You're more than welcome.
 And like I said, you know, we're going to keep answering questions at the end.
 So I promise, all right, I'm going to go into a deck,
 very seldom that we're doing that on the conference call, investor conference call. I think it might
 It might be the first time if I do remember,
 but I promise it will be short.
 I'll try to do it in 10 minutes.
 I will not lose everyone, but 10 to 15 minutes just covering 15, 20 slides.
 And the reason why we wanted to do it
 is that we were getting a lot of calls,
 and I and those calls we are realizing that we often have to kind of realign the storytelling
 with some investors we think we're some investors think we are metaverse business some investors
 think that we're just a product business and so on so forth. So I think that the goal of this
 This deck is kind of redefining for everyone, you know, I see it's defining for everyone,
 know on the same page, what it is or when and where we're going.
 So, I'm going to share my screen in a second.
 And I'm telling you, you're all going to see it, except if you're on your cell phone
 on a smaller device, you might have some problem
 seeing if I'm going to comment those slides here.
 just going to click on the slide presentation.
 So, like Simon said, this is the way we describe
 preventive and immersive on-
 on the CSDICs on our website.
 We're basically a technological business, a technology business that provides services in the
 the market, the real estate, the fire, put it not a word.
 I'd like to say that we're a tech-powered real estate
 to start your business.
 That's another way to present her that mercy run rates of 11 million dollars and today, you know,
 you know, including the football players who are on their
 payable, paper job, and on our payroll, we're turning around 115 employees.
 If you consider the head office,
 that the developers and the manager and everything
 We're probably turning around through the employees.
 We're based in Montreal.
 And of course, we'll listen to your signature.
 So this is, I don't want to go into detail,
 But I just want to remind people that we're not a startup.
 I mean, we've been in this business for more than 10 years.
 and the first thing that my brother and I did 10 years ago
 was to design this spaceship kind of prototype
 of milk to land camera.
 But it was a real prototype, by the way.
 And in the southern line, we tried to raise money
 to commercialize business.
 And this is why in 2012,
 and kind of jump on the TSI adventure at that time
 here in Canada in Quebec, we were adding access to a tax kind of advantage for an investor called
 to raise money, but this camera never selects, so we kind of create all the software surrounding
 But, you know, we're not newcomers, we've been trying a lot of things in the real
 Thanks a lot.
 this from developing cameras, software, business solutions, and so forth.
 So we know, you know, the business pretty well.
 And some of the engineers working with me to develop those software, I've been working
 with them for more than 25 years.
 So, this is our staff.
 This is not something you're going to find on the market, but you know, when we sit down
 and try to evaluate what is the size of our market and our market is real estate or core
 markets. Of course, at the end of the deck, we'll talk about addressable markets, but our poor
 market is real estate photography for the purpose of marketing so basically you know to sell a house
 So when we're considering that activity for residential, commercial, and rental, we are
 are estimating that this is a niche market of $4 billion just in North America, potentially
 in our estimation, something about $7 to $8 billion worldwide.
 Just sit here in North America.
 We're estimating about 30 million shoots a year.
 shoot for us as a photographer taking a star and do it, shoot a house and bring back 25-35
 a few majors with all the media that comes with that.
 and raw feed that provides, generates
 a billion images per year.
 That's our, this is our market.
 Like Simon said, this is a transactional market. I mean our business is linked to the housing inventory. So if the housing inventory
 a ramp up, we're going to ramp up. If it's going down because our business model has
 we're going to see in this slide is mostly 9% transactional based, we're going to follow
 the trend.
 And unfortunately, right now, the trend is a historic cost.
 actually, it's historic.
 The most of the M-Lasters we talked with
 They never saw such a low inventory of hospital sales.
 But, you know, I'm not sure I like those numbers,
 the web for landing it today, but those are real.
 I mean, the market is down 23%.
 The governor said it's down 11% year over year.
 And our new positions are just coming to, you know,
 our pipeline of revenue in the last quarter.
 So, if you take just the stats, like Simon said,
 minus seven percent, overall, we feel we're winning clients.
 We don't feel that we're losing clients,
 But what we're saying is that our pathographers, our clients,
 are doing less business overall.
 This is why I mean, you know, it's kind of a bad place to be right now, but, you know,
 I'm a positive person and I don't think it's gonna get worse.
 And we're hearing that, you know, the interest rate should increase.
 So that will kind of hopefully slow down a little bit,
 you know, the, some of the interests of the buyers or people sending our house in any
 cases, I think we're at the bottom of the battery rack now, so I think that the decision
 will just...
 Let's go start and ramping up again.
 And of course, like Simon said, you know, we potentially 60% down compared to what numbers
 should usually be in terms of lifting, in terms of house for sale, so revenue or
 should follow the trend and potentially just, you know, beat the trend, actually, because
 we believe right now we're beating, you know, we're kind of succeeding in that very, very
 difficult market.
 I'm talking to a lot of entrepreneurs in the real-estate space and they are in the same
 position right now.
 All right, so the Department of Business in itself, it's a business that is transforming
 a lot, and it's definitely shifting to a technology-driven, high-volume business.
 So basically, you have to do a lot of transactions per day because it's a highly competitive
 ...
 and you need to bring a lot of value in terms of technology.
 So basically, we kind of, you know,
 read all the parts that you need to succeed in the business like you need to have online
 and booking system, you need to have the capture hardware,
 not just a camera, but you might need a 3D camera.
 You might need a drone.
 So you need to have the officialized hardware.
 If you need to post, edit your images to increase the white balance, to put a blue sky on the
 external facade images. So you need to have this service. You need to create YouTube video slideshow
 because YouTube is one of the most popular search and giant
 in real estate, of course, you need to provide
 It's a must-have today.
 And for our plan, it's kind of, I will say, basically more important than the 3D
 towards right now in the market,
 There's a lot of interest, even in some states.
 like here in Canada, four plants are mandatory.
 This is a common product, you know, you definitely need to provide websites, we call it private
 website. So it's a website dedicated to showcase one house for sale. You need a
 system to deliver 150 images, high-quality images, you know, images cannot be just transferred
 by email.
 So you need to have some sort of a sudden sense of transordery image, and you need a very
 performance payment system to get paid.
 When you look at all those things that you need to run a photography business today,
 Urban Airways is the only company offering and owning every portion, every technology
 required to the business right now.
 and that giving up a little bit of a
 a lot of advantages over our competition.
 I will start from the bottom.
 Of course, the after-sales support is easier
 or benefit to do because we're providing each part.
 We're not relying to third party for 3D tours, for horror plans, for photo editions, everything
 is...
 it's done internally.
 So of course we have a pretty difficult to beat turnaround delivery time.
 we can deliver faster than our competitors
 because there are fewer parties involved.
 We can, we have more flexibility in our packages.
 We can offer and deal with our clients.
 We keep our margins pretty high for the value of brain.
 And, you know, we like to tell the market
 that we are one of the most competitive business right now
 in terms of pricing.
 So, being a one-stop shop is definitely bringing a lot of value to our clients, and its position
 or have been immersive for winning many deals, many contracts with U of S agents and spa
 The business model, when you look at each of the parts, there's some portion of those
 required elements that you need to run a business that are not technology like
 you know, taking a picture, you need to have a human doing that, you need to have a photographer,
 photo editing in images you know even if AI is super well advanced and you know a
 A lot of people tell that they are photo editing majors
 with computer, you still have some human.
 The human will do a better job.
 and the foreplans, you need somebody to draw foreplans
 and put four natures, right?
 The room's name and stuff like that.
 those services we are offering to our clients.
 So we call them, serve it on the man.
 And it is transactional based.
 So each time somebody wants to have a photographer on site,
 the decline in payments and offers and things for photo edition and for plans.
 And the rest is mostly technology and we're still offering it every part, even if there's
 ...
 no line with the booking system which we are offering yet and it's still transactional
 for most of the parts.
 So we're charging, for example, $5 to render a slideshow deal, $40 to render a 3D course,
 $15 to create a property website, and $3 to transfer the image.
 We need to think about this part here as a drop-buck.
 Drop us kind of the platform to transfer the I-Quality majors.
 We added this year a new service, that's Simon,
 that briefly thought during the financial high life,
 what we call the prime subscription.
 So the print subscription is basically for $30 a month.
 Agents can subscribe to that plan.
 and each time we order one of our pathophers,
 we're gonna bundle all the technologies
 we can offer to them.
 So this is a very popular subscription right now,
 and I will talk a little bit later in the lecture about it.
 Simon briefly talked about the distribution of revenues, so $3 million in tax, $8 million
 and services.
 I just want to add, for the SAS, we're still serving around 1,700 real estate
 pathophers. So this number here is our independent pathophers using our
 technologies to serve their agents, their clients, is generating around 26,000 probably
 of a fight per year.
 In terms of services, so we're talking about our photographers were serving around 12,000 real estate agents and doing around 50,000 shoots a year for the shoots a year.
 So basically, this is including all our acquisitions
 that was done during 2021.
 When we talk about technology and new sites from the history, the timelines of Revenomerative,
 you know, with part of the 360 camera design,
 We're still passionate, highly passionate about 3D technology.
 And we'll always kind of keep that in our products.
 and really kind of hope that someday, you know, 3D tours will get back on the market. And this is
 to what COVID-19 has created, generated a demand for three floors, this is our core technology.
 We believe that we have right now one of the most
 Complete.
 3.
 to our solution on the market.
 If you look at all the features we are offering,
 Few companies can state that they have all this in their solution.
 So, of course, we're each time we're doing a 3D tour, we're providing a dollhouse.
 This is the way, you know, we commonly call this kind of 3D port and room cementation.
 We can measure on the floor and with tape.
 We're having our own built-in four-plan drawing software built-in in the 3D tour itself, so
 So even our clients can play with it and can change the four plans if they want, so they're
 ...
 We're not using AutoCAD, we're not using a third party software to create our fault
 plans.
 We...
 We use the AI-powered classification system that we acquired from Turbos in 2018 to automatically
 put a tag in the rules to say this is a fitness room, a kitchen and so on so forth.
 you have those tag also that you can put some graphic and links from calling that hot spot
 but this is pretty unique to urban immersive so we are showing an
 an interactive map of people within the room.
 This is not a picture of people, actually.
 It's a real video, so you can see people in the livestream video on the map.
 And of course, we have the avatar, so the 3D social space is where you can visit with
 friends and interact with them, so whether you can interact by chatting or you can interact
 with video conferencing.
 The next slide is something pretty special for us because, you know, we are running a
 a photography business that we are offering for photography services and we want to be
 highly efficient and the only way you can achieve profitability and keep your margins
 by going fast you need to do a shoot super fast being two hours in the house you know it's uh
 it's too long. So we want our photographer to do six to seven shoots per day. And in order to do that,
 We've developed our own capture app that is three times faster than anything else that we've seen
 on the market to scan a house.
 works on iPhone, iPad, it used advanced computer vision alignment system to
 you create those maps when you shoot.
 It's soon integrated within our work flow.
 So it's definitely improving the productivity of our people.
 And also, we also have some features that enable FATAPR to add additional information
 on the map for adding value in post-production.
 We recently launched this, what we call the automated building and site and analytics
 report.
 every tour we are providing with our prime subscription, people will receive a detailed
 report about the property so they will know how many things showers the the
 building has, how many doors, outside doors, inside doors, and so on. So it works with
 It's highly detailed and really appreciated with some of our clients like Hopper 5.0 and
 that are furnishing many of the home they're buying to resell them.
 So this is eunuch turbine immersive, we call it UIME 3D, so basically it's the avatar that
 You know, you can see people visiting the home with you in a 3D space, and we just open
 their video camera, so it becomes some sort of 3D video conference.
 And I will tell you that we're presenting you,
 I mean, treated through many industry leaders.
 And it's making a lot of noise right now
 and we're expecting to have some significant partnership
 announced soon.
 many of the people within the industry.
 And as you see, I'm not using that word today,
 but we've been told and people are telling us that
 it might be the version 1.0 after all of metaverse.
 You know, being able to be all together
 with an environment, visually interacting where you are
 within the space, what you're looking at.
 and with the view system, it's definitely something
 that has a lot of value for our clients, partners,
 and molasses, brokers, and so on.
 And we have files for provisional patterns on that and basically the reason why we use
 the provisional pattern is basically because we want it to go fast in protecting our idea
 And also, we want to make sure that nobody will patent something on top of right is that,
 you know, basically will force us to not, you know,
 promote this technology.
 So, so far, we have four provisional pattern on that.
 We're working on the fifth one and basically related to the way we're presenting out at
 are when there are multiple people on the same axis, the way we are controlling user
 control user experience and so on so forth.
 And about the 3D tour, we have today what we believe one of the most complete 3D marketing
 in Westpike suite on the market.
 Basically, those are websites dedicated to show,
 to showcase the best with possible 3D tours.
 We have more than 20 customizable designs.
 We accept other media, like still pictures, video, and so on.
 So it's a solution that is highly appreciated by our clients,
 Because once you have 3D cores, you need to distribute it, you need to promote it, and
 We have complete solutions to that.
 The way you know we run the fast business, we've already
 years, we started developing our own business solution, ERP or CRM, whatever you want to
 college, it's a system that helps managing a photography business and today we're using
 it to manage our own business.
 And what is particular with our solution is that we've developed over the years a business
 intelligence allowing to create and stand booking. What does it mean? It means that we can in real
 time without any delays, find the closest offers for the next shoot.
 So when an agent comes on their platform and the one that the book offers at two o'clock
 But Saturday, the system will find the right offers for the right services, for the right
 client at 2 o'clock, and the booking is confirmed. There's no other communication. They will be sure
 that the photographers will be there. So the system calculates the travel time, calculate
 into service time.
 And at the end of the day, it gave us the possibility to improve the productivity of
 of the businesses we are acquiring.
 to give you an example once the business we acquired,
 We're doing 3.5 shoots a day.
 And today, they're running acceptance shoots
 that they, with this system.
 So we see rapidly the difference using our system.
 Oh, and I like to say this is an autonomous algorithm.
 So behind that, we don't choose Google,
 map or any other software.
 It's our own business intelligence.
 In terms of on-demand services, it's a recap, so we are offering 3D scanning and product services
 for then drawing image enhancement. It's all paper job and in terms of photography we have
 around 130 real estate providers, difficult to know, you know, the exact numbers because
 some staffers are working 20 hours, some staffers are working 40 hours, or they
 full time, part time, whatever, but they're offering the complete package of, you know,
 of content capturing.
 it's really scanning.
 On one appointment visit your pathographers are
 are equipped to deliver all the services over a band of nurses.
 Foreplant drying is done up short most of the foreign foreign drying is done in Paris
 My was the most, maybe 50, 50, 50% is done here in Quebec using our own software and
 And we like to see that we've developed some sort of a marketplace so we can engage really
 rapidly new people to work on our system and to help, you know, with the volume.
 photo addition is the same and right now as we speak, we are doubling our photo addition
 Teams in Paris.
 The reason is that because some of the businesses
 that we have acquired recently are paying
 with offshore companies three times what it cost us
 to post-edit images. So we expect to increase the margins of some of our biggest acquisitions that
 that we've done with sampling.
 But this one can be anything from blue to white,
 Do you find the guy?
 No, I'm trying to.
 It looks like you succeeded to shut it down, and we're very sorry about that.
 It's the first time it's happening.
 we've been hacked on that call.
 Are you hearing me?
 Yeah, okay. So first time, first experience. So it's not us. It's not stayed very bad immersive.
 hopefully you know that and hopefully those young guys that have a lot of fun
 but it's trying to mute Samuel Mantis, Simon, if you can.
 I'll see you in the next video.
 Thank you.
 and just set it down?
 What?
 and Marie also.
 Yeah.
 So we're sorry for that. We're going to try to get back to our meeting otherwise we're going to have to terminate that.
 So, are we good to continue or are we going to have other people?
 If I'm right on time, I think you can, you know,
 Can you stop, I think, I don't know how I was doing the assignment, but can you stop
 that people are getting on the call.
 Yeah
 All right. Let's close it, Simon. Let's close the call.
 All right.
 Well, next time we'll use...
 I should have fucked up, Gislin.
 Shut up, fuck off.
 We'll use something else.
 So that's all.
 Goodbye.