 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen.
 Welcome to GALP's 3rd Quarter 2021 Results Presentation.
 I will now pass the floor to Mr. Artello Ruvo, head of investor relations.
 Good morning and welcome to GOP's third quarter in 9 months 2021 results presentation.
 I would like to thank you for joining us today
 and wish that you are all in good health.
 today, Andy will provide an overview of the quarter performance and key strategic developments
 as well as an updated guidance for the full year.
 Felipe will then take us to the quarter financial results.
 At the end, we are happy to take your questions, where
 and in Felipe will be joined by the remaining members
 of the executive committee.
 If you want to participate, please follow the operator's instructions at the end of the
 call.
 As usual, I would like to remind you that we will be making forward-looking statements
 that refer to our estimates and actual results may differ due to factors
 included in the cautionary statement at the beginning of our presentation, which we advise
 you to read. I will now hand over 20.
 Good morning ladies and gentlemen.
 GALP's Q3 operation results were robust.
 capturing the improved macro, namely higher rent prices and improved refining margins.
 we delivered over 600 million euros of consolidated EBITDA
 already at pre-COVID levels.
 On top of this, we now have a renewable business, not consolidated, but fully capturing improved
 market conditions, delivering 28 million euros of perform EBITDA in the quarter.
 We also generated a healthy operating cash flow of 468 million euro, therefore a robust
 contribution despite some operational challenges.
 However, our free cash generation reflected the temporary effect related with our gas hedging
 strategy and the significant spike in gas prices during the period.
 Due to this effect, as well as the interim dividend of €200 million paid to shareholders
 during the period meant our net debt increased to two billion euro. This puts us slightly
 above our targeted net debt to EBITDA ratio of one.
 However, we're expecting further delieverage through Q4,
 and confident that the dividend variable component
 will be distributed and I'll cover that again later in this call.
 In addition to the actual Q3 financial numbers, we also made progress towards executing our
 strategy to create a more sustainable company.
 Finally, I'm happy to see the external recognition of our strategy, with GALP currently holding
 leading positions on the relevant ESG rankings.
 Acknowledged further by the 700 million euro lending, we have secured from EIB.
 Now, let's look at the businesses in more detail.
 In the period, we've seen some operational improvements in upstream, namely in 2P in
 Brazil, leading to a stronger oil output, welcome at a time of high oil prices.
 However, due to maintenance activities on gas exports,
 overall oil and gas production with flat quarter and quarter.
 During the quarter, the largest FPS-00 farm production in Brazil was started up on the
 the sepia field.
 Petrobrac's delivery of the FPSO in these difficult times is to be commended.
 Although a small production contribution to Galpin the period, the production right from
 the one well hooked up is prolific, boating well for the full potential of the field.
 the FBSO on Atapu is also now producing at high levels, close to plateau production with
 And only four wells connected.
 The Brazilian pre-salt continues to be an amazing story.
 new wells demonstrating high productivity and strong reservoir potential.
 the improved operational conditions that allow us to resume some inspection and maintenance
 and through Q4 we hope to see progress on working through the maintenance backlog.
 We remain confident on the full year production guidance, updated last quarter at one hundred
 125 to 130,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.
 going forward, we expect the business to maintain its strong cash delivery with disciplined
 approach to CAPEX focused on key attractive low carbon developments, such as BAKALO, a
 project which continues to progress well.
 Coral FLNG for Mozambique also progresses well and is on track for 1st gas during 2022,
 Please sail away from career expected during Q4.
 On the exploration front, we are keenly anticipating keywells in the campus basin in Brazil and
 in Southomian principal to be spotted later this year and early next year.
 On the industrial side, refining margins have now recovered from the weak environment throughout
 2020 and early 2021. They are up 70% quarter on quarter to $4 per barrel, supported by
 an increase of middle distillate and gasoline cracks during the quarter.
 This refinery margin includes all energy costs such as natural gas and electricity and any
 any CO2 licenses we may need to acquire.
 On top of this, we're seeing Gulb's refining margin October to date at above Q3 levels
 at around five dollars a barrel.
 However, we need to report that we will see some production limitations during this quarter.
 As announced a few days ago, there was an unplanned event in one of the two furnaces
 of the scenish atmospheric distillation unit.
 there were no injuries
 but it's led to a temporary stoppage of the unit.
 However, during the rest of Q4, the three-put of the distillation unit will be restricted
 while repairs are completed on impact in furnace.
 We expect the issue to be fully resolved during this quarter.
 In addition, we have a planned maintenance in the hydrocracker, which will start this
 week and should last around 20 days.
 Considering these operational limitations for Q4, we expect
 of 15 million tons, about 30% down quarter on quarter.
 while realised refining margins should stand at $4 to $5 a barrel.
 On energy management, this was a week quarter impacted firstly by the extra costs related
 to the access to the LNG Regastrication Terminal, Portugal.
 These extra costs are now no longer charged from Q400.
 Also, we've been impacted by negative effects
 by the all products supplied pricing lag, resulting from the commodity price increase
 during the period.
 but most importantly by unplanned natural gas sourcing restrictions related to our long-term suppliers,
 which obliged us to acquire some volumes at expensive spot conditions.
 All in all, energy management contribution was negative in the quarter, and going into
 Q4 we're assessing with our main suppliers any potential deviations from the plan deliveries
 given the cost of securing alternative supplies.
 and we're preparing contingency plans to mitigate any potential shortfalls.
 Clearly, shortfalls could have an impact on operations and results, and in such cases,
 we may continue to see some weaknesses on the energy management contribution.
 Therefore, unfortunately, Q4 for industrial energy management may not be stronger than
 you three. Looking further ahead we should have our
 finished refining system operating in normal conditions by the end of this year and I'm
 confident on the work we're doing on our gas trading strategy to allow some more
 flexibility and increased contributions from 2022 onwards.
 In commercial, mobility in Iberia is recovering with an oil product sales increasing both
 both in B2B and B2C segments, but still some 20% below pre-COVID levels.
 results show this progressive, positive trend, where B2C has been recovering faster. But
 But we now also see some positive signs in B2B.
 But aviation and marine segments do still remain weak.
 And at the same time, we're taking steps to transform this business, to adapt to consumer
 needs. Efforts to extract more from non-fuel have been proving successful. And our convenience
 retail is already delivering at pre-COVID levels and today represents over 20% of the commercial
 contribution margin, which is at 5% on 2019.
 with progressively increasing convenient cell
 expect convenience contribution to more than double by 2025. In renewables, our production
 is sold under strong merchant conditions, and our generation capacity could have been
 higher this quarter. However, four plants have been restricted due to an issue with one transformer.
 And we've been implementing mitigations with some of the 200 megawatts of impacted electricity.
 And we hope to get back to full operation in early 2022.
 But in addition we plan to bring online an additional 236 megawatts of solar projects
 by year end.
 Meanwhile, we're executing our strategy and progressing with our renewable expansion
 inside and outside Iberia.
 in q three we acquired additional solar capacity in spain of two hundred twenty
 megawatts and last week we announced an important step in our renewable
 venture in Brazil where we acquired 600 megawatts of solar capacity of high-quality projects
 in a pre-construction stage.
 the acquisition cost in Brazil
 were not material.
 the payments however will be made, but only when the project hits the specific development
 milestones.
 These projects are expected to be online before 2025.
 This is a clear step forward for GALP in the country where we've been present for over
 over 20 years. And we've recently reinforced our renewable team in Brazil, a country which
 offers an opportunity to develop a profitable renewable power generation platform, but we
 We will maintain our discipline.
 between an early, a pre-construction stage
 and creating value by building up a portfolio from there.
 Our energy management team will be fundamental to capture market dynamic opportunities.
 monitoring the market developments and evaluating the best way to sell our
 generation with a mix of PPAs and merchant exposure.
 These acquisitions galp with a 4.7 gigawatt portfolio, with projects both under operation
 development and construction. This puts us in a strong position to at least meet our
 our 2025 goal of having over four gigawatts operating.
 well-positioned for the 12 gigo-efficient we have for 2025.
 Thriving through the energy transition is not just about renewable capacity, but also about
 developing low-carbon businesses and making sure we have access to finance structures
 that provide us an efficient capital structure to develop these projects.
 So what are we doing on this front?
 In early August, we launched a pilot of a new convenience concept store in Portugal.
 with no fuel offering.
 And in Spain, we've upgraded around 35 stores, which are also showing strong results.
 We're also proceeding with our electrification plans, having acquired in the quarter two
 280 EV charging points across Iberia and we will end the year with over a thousand points
 more than doubling since last year, and step further to reach the company's ambition by
 by 2025.
 On new energies, green hydrogen plants are becoming real, currently developing a 2 megawatt
 pilot with FID expected by year end. This will accelerate our learning curve before
 the larger capacity electrolyzers get closer to reality. We're advancing simultaneous with
 with two projects of 100 megawatts each.
 One by a...
 and the other one in a consortium.
 On another front, we are thrilled to have secured access to funding to our low-to-no-carbon
 projects by a prestige entity like the European Investment Bank.
 This includes an up to €750 million to finance solar PV projects in Portugal and Spain,
 as well as the rollout of 550,000 EV charging points across Iberia.
 We've also secured project finance for 50 megawatt project in Spain, operating in full
 merchant conditions.
 All our operating projects in Spain have now been project finance, all with debt levels
 above 70%.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for watching.
 Thank you.
 Looking at 2021 overall, considering the status of operations and adjusting to the short-term
 macro outlook. Assuming a $70 Brent for the year, we estimate now full year EBITDA and
 adjusted operating cash flow to stand above 2.3 billion euro and 1.8 billion euro respectively.
 While on the operational side, commercial industrial energy management should stand
 bel-
 Below the estimates we provided last June, on the back of slow anticipated idea into
 demand recovery and restrictions in energy management.
 but upstream and renewables will benefit from higher oil, gas and power prices.
 Our CFFO, non-adjusted operating cash flow, is predicted to have a 400 million euro difference
 to our adjusted operating cash flow.
 This impact is mostly driven by a hedging strategy to protect the commodities price
 risk related with our gas sourcing and supply activities.
 In the recent months, we saw an e-
 increase in margin deposits related with future contracts.
 the result of the unexpected significant spike on gas prices.
 This impact drives mostly from contracts that will end in 2022 when the supplies are delivered
 to the customers.
 Therefore, going forward, we will see cash inflows yielding CFFO levels above the OCF.
 either when we make these gas deliveries or when gas prices are just downwards.
 Philippe will elaborate a bit more on this later.
 Let me reinforce.
 despite currently materially impacting RCFFO and NETDET.
 This is a temporary effect, one that will be reverted on the short term during 2022.
 We are aware this may impact our shareholder distribution's framework.
 We will need to monitor how gas prices evolved and what will the effects on our financials
 be at your end.
 By then, we will take a view if some adjustments to the dividend framework should be considered
 when proposing our 2021 distributions given the one-off and temporary nature of this impact.
 Lastly, on net capex, we are now estimating at the end of the year to be at the lower
 half of the previously provided guidance, so to stay within 0.5 and 0.6 billion euros
 demonstrating our continued capital discipline.
 So, to wrap up, this quarter benefited from the more supportive macro and we continued
 seeing positive signs of recovery and a strong commodity
 price environment ahead.
 This environment is causing some temporary impacts on our cash delivery, but as I mentioned,
 are temporary and will revert. More importantly looking further ahead we're
 starting to show clear and important signs of strategy execution, both around our legacy
 businesses growth and transformation, but also around expanding our renewables from
 print and moving forward of new businesses, our operational momentum has room for improvement
 and I am confident we will see a turnaround.
 allowing it to deliver even stronger results.
 Finally, a relevant part of our investment case is to maintain a competitive shareholder
 remuneration. We are conscious that our shareholders deserve to be rewarded in such a strong macro
 environment. Therefore we're monitoring very closely the evolution of the line's
 things impacting on debt and CFFO and confidence that we will be able to recommend a variable
 component related with 2021.
 Now, over to you, Felipe, to look more deeply at the financials.
 Thank you, Andy. And good morning, everyone.
 I am on slide 12 where we have the upstream a bit of 522 million which clearly benefited
 from the rise in brand prices, even if we did continue to see below-average premiums
 on the cargoes we sold to Asia.
 And this comes from China restrictions on some local importers and regional crews being
 priced more competitively versus Brent.
 Our oil and gas realizations versus Brent were also affected by the cap we have for now on our Brazilian associated gas cells.
 So the current gas-wise formula is capped at $55 brems.
 upstream Capex was 187 million and this went primarily to our pre-salt
 developments, namely Tupi and Bakaleo, and Coral in Mozambique.
 The CAPEX line this quarter also includes 34 million payments for the acquisition of
 of us taking BMS-8.
 This increased the Gulf Steak from 14% to 20% back in 2017 and the payments were contingent
 on certain milestones and a final one should be distributed in Q4 or early Q1 next year
 of about 40 to 50 million dollars.
 Commercial EBITDA was 87 million in the quarter.
 Now this with seasonal quarter-on-quarter higher oil product sales and the gradual easing of
 of lockdown measures.
 till commercially beta was down year on year as the margin environment is being pressured
 by the current much higher commodity prices.
 Industrial and energy management EBITDA was only 15 million.
 That's down 35 million from the previous quarter.
 The CNES refinery had a healthy contribution, with realized margin of $4 per barrel, and
 cost of $1.5 per barrel.
 Energy management, however, saw gas sourcing restrictions, leading to spot purchases to
 comply with our commitments with clients.
 Also, as we had flagged before, the increased recastification costs in Portugal impacted
 EBITDA with about 10 million euros during this corporate.
 In oil products, the rapid commodity price increases that we're seeing in the period has
 caused negative price lag effects under the formulas we have established with our clients.
 Industrial and energy management operating cash flow includes the contribution from associate
 companies, such as the kelp steaks and the international pipelines which bring the gas
 from Algeria through Morocco and Spain.
 now after some
 25 years invested in those assets, these concessions will end this month.
 So we will now bring the Algerian gas through the Met Gas Pipeline, where we are not an
 investor.
 on renewables.
 Now, you know, we don't consolidate this business.
 So what we show here are pro-forma numbers.
 and the pro forma EBITDA was a very healthy 28 million in the quarter.
 Now, we do continue to see significant supply chain and permitting challenges to developed
 and built the renewable projects in Iberia at the speed we wanted to.
 But we remain committed to deploy the ambitious pipeline of projects and grow the installed
 capacity. So short-term we have over 200 megas of new
 build capacity coming online by year end. This is most welcome in this environment, and in
 In addition, we should also see the transformer issue resolved shortly, and this has kept
 about 200 megawatts offline.
 On slide 13, here you have the PNL where you see the EBIT of 607 million in the quarter.
 and EBIT follows this in tandem.
 Associates were up too, mainly from the increased net income from our solar JVs.
 Net income was 161 million under RCA.
 Now, under IFRS, net income was negative 334 million, driven by the negative 545 million
 in special items and this comes mainly from the mark-to-market of our hedging positions.
 now these
 price protection contracts do not qualify under IFRS hedge accounting roles, so we need
 to take this volatility to the PNL as opposed to equity.
 So throughout 2022, the revenues we generate from the gas
 volumes that underlie these derivatives will compensate these mark-to-market variations.
 as it is designed to.
 So the hedges are made to reduce our economic risks.
 So no worries here other than unwelcome temporary volatility.
 Thank you.
 The cash flow on slide 14, you see a strong operating cash flow for 168 million.
 Now, CFFO is affected by the working capital built resulting from the margin deposits to
 to cover the exchange-strated derivative positions.
 Maybe Otelloway should spend a minute on this derivative and margin deposit topic.
 Now in the PNL, we have the mark to market of the entire derivative book.
 And in the cash flow statement, we have the cash that we need to post as collateral with
 the exchange.
 The number is quite high this quarter, $373 million and $444 million for the full nine
 months.
 And this is the reflection of how much gas prices have gone up.
 And why do we enter into derivatives in the first place?
 So we buy gas from our suppliers
 and we sell the gas to clients.
 and the business model is to make a commercial margin between the two.
 However, the gas that we buy is mainly priced off rent, and our sales say to industrial
 clients are normally TTF-linked.
 So we therefore protect the basis risk of the price
 of what we buy and what we sell through the derivative market.
 so effectively
 the gains that we could have made from the recent sharp increase in TTF versus brands,
 Those gains are neutralized by the derivatives.
 So, if you exclude these derivative margin accounts, which are temporarily, the free
 cash flow...
 was a healthy 260 million in the third quarter.
 This is all from my side, Otelo.
 We'll now take your questions.
 Thank you.
 To ask a question, you will need to press star 1 on your telephone in the interest of
 time, we ask participants to limit their questions to two each. To withdraw your question, please
 press the hash key. Please standby while we compile the Q&A roster.
 Your first question comes from the line of Biraj Borkatra from RBC. Please ask your question.
 Hi there, thanks for taking my questions.
 I apologize, I cut off some, this might have already been covered, but two questions.
 the first ones on the shelves of distributions. You mentioned a number of times about the temporary
 nature of the the Margini impact. So as we're thinking about your full year
 dividend. Is it fair to just strip that number out and then run the calculation on that safe
 And then the second question is on what you mentioned on gas sourcing.
 You highlighted some contingency plans for gas sourcing in the fourth quarter.
 I was wondering what exactly that would entail, thank you.
 Thanks Biraj, and then thanks for your question. Look, I have to say that, you know, we have
 set up to now that we're just going to do a mathematical calculation on the supplementary
 evident and we will do a mathematical calculation on that and you know depending on that working
 capital bills, we'll see what that yields.
 What I think we're saying here is there will be, we've agreed with the Board, that there
 may well be a discretionary element that we will add to that. I can't tell you today
 how that will be calculated or what that will be, but I think what we're indicating here
 is that we think this is a very much a one-off issue and the shareholders shouldn't be penalised
 for it.
 So, I'll see you in the next video.
 You know more to come on that one on the gas source in you know, I think this is about yeah
 Yeah, we are having some issues with our gas supplies and, you know, with the current
 gas market, as you might imagine. Replacing and buying new car goes and, you know, can
 be really expensive. So, we're very much looking at the demand side of that and seeing, you
 and what we can do to reduce our own use as well, to be honest with you, and to see how
 we can mitigate any potential sourcing constraints we get in the quarter. So, you know, we're
 We're turning every stone and would be very reluctant to go and buy new volumes at the
 kind of spot prices we've seen today, to be honest with you.
 Okay, thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Alessandro Pozzi from Mediobanker.
 Please ask your question.
 Hi, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions.
 The first one is on the upstream guidance.
 I believe in Q2 you mentioned you would have been a bottom end of the guy of the range
 for 2021 but you maintain it and I was wondering how she would think about maybe the exit rate
 in Q4, and maybe if you can give us some key dates for 2022, I believe the start-up, of course,
 south is one of them and then maybe you can give us an update on that one as well. That's my first
 those questions?
 I think...
 Thank you, Alexander, for your question.
 I think I'll hand over to Tori to talk about the upstream position.
 Thank you Andy. So with respect to the upstream production and the guidance for the fourth quarter
 I think you can expect the production that is very similar to the one that you have seen in the third quarter.
 That's our key guidance to you.
 With respect to 2022, that's a bit early.
 Let's revert to 2022 at the Cap and Market Day
 when we have consolidated all our numbers
 and analysis for next year.
 With respect to Coral, the project is going extremely well.
 And now it's very visible that we will have a sail away from Korea in the middle of November.
 Then it sales to Mozambique for the offshore commissioning, and in our plans we have first
 us in the second half of 2022.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thank you.
 The second question on renewables.
 So I think part of your strategy is to farm down some of the oppositions in certain assets.
 And given the spike in the electricity price,
 do you think this is potentially happening as sooner rather than later? And yeah,
 Yeah, I'm generally was wondering if I can give us an update on potential disposal opportunities there.
 Is that sassy? Thank you for your comment. I mean, what I'd like to just say is that
 And what we're doing is we're building a portfolio, we talked about 4.7 gigawatts, where continue
 going to build a portfolio to give us more options to make sure we are delivering the
 gross capacity of the 4 gigawatts. In terms of our sell-down strategy, you know, clearly
 Maybe we haven't yet got firm plans of when we're going to kick that process off.
 We're diversifying the countries we're working in with our announcement now we're moving
 into Brazil.
 But there will be a moment when we will both look at some cell dents, particularly one
 we'd de-risk the projects. But also, you know, at what time, what timing we would take some
 more PPAs, because we're entirely merchant at the moment, which is obviously good with
 the current prices, but over time I think we will want to position more in the long-term
 markets but no nothing definitive to say at the moment so thank you for that.
 No, just a follow-up on Brazil, and do you expect to sign PTA for the new asset?
 Yeah, I mean Brazil has quite attractive index linked
 both public, you know, so both open commercial and government PPAs that we can take part
 but it also has a very attractive merchant market at the moment.
 We probably will plan to do a bit of both to get a strong underpinning for the project,
 then to enjoy some of the upside in the merchant market.
 The moment in Brazil, there has been quite a significant drought, which is putting some
 distress into the electricity system. And therefore, I think there will be, you know, be very
 welcome for us to build some more renewable capacity there and take part in the electricity
 growth that they are seeing in that country.
 I think they have an ambition for some, like, 40 gigawatts
 of renewable capacity by 2030.
 So a very attractive market for us to participate in.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Michael Olsford from City. Please ask your question.
 Thank you.
 Good afternoon. I've got a couple just especially on the upstream. I was wondering whether you could update us on when we might expect a
 a new development plan for TP, which could help offset the declines that we're going
 to see from the field, I guess, in the next year or so.
 And then secondly, just to follow up
 on the gas-torting question from earlier.
 I appreciate you you're looking at mitigating the the cost impact of the gas sourcing in the for key
 But I don't know if you could maybe look out a little bit more into 2022 and why do we
 not still see, I guess, a headwind around the costs associated with buying that gas for
 more of a medium-term impact on the business and energy management.
 Thank you.
 So, firstly, can I ask sorry to talk about the five of them for 2P?
 Sorry.
 Thank you, Andy.
 So the work with the new plan for operation and development
 on 2pn, RSMS actually going really well in the partnership.
 It is significant work already done.
 I think the document is now in the order of around 900 pages.
 The expectation and the full intention from the partnership is to deliver this plan to
 the EMP by the end of this year. So that's the forecast and the plan seems to be being
 Thank you.
 Yeah, so on the gas sourcing, kind of early to talk too much about 2022, clearly we want
 to build more flexibility into our position in terms of, you know, I think, for us, the
 Lessons learned a bit, but we did hedge 100% of the volume, and I think going forward we're
 going to have to look to give ourselves a bit more flex if we do have supply restrictions.
 I'm quite optimistic about the long term. We've got venture LNG coming in 2023 and I
 I think we can position that in the market, hopefully, in a strong, profitable basis.
 So, no specific guidance on 2022.
 The only thing I can say is we've secured the re-gasification here in Portugal without
 at the premium that we paid up to the end of Q3.
 So going through 2022, we'll still enjoy a lower cost
 regasification of the LNG that is delivered.
 but I think we've now got a much better handle on our ability to respond to any supply shortfalls
 particularly looking at, you know, some of our own use and how we can build more flexibility
 in that balance over time.
 Great, thanks Anya. Just a follow-up on Tora's point on the fuel development plan in TP.
 Is there a prerequisite, sorry, that you need to get a license extension?
 And if that is the case, how is that going in terms of that negotiation?
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Michael.
 going into too much detail on this, Michael, but you can expect that we will have several
 elements into this plan and some of the elements in the plan will also then be requiring a
 a license extension, correct?
 So this, we are expecting that there will be some discussions going in order before the
 the whole plan is from.
 We are looking for 20-year-plus extension on the field life, actually.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thank you
 Your next question comes from the line of Satikamth Chillakuru from Morgan Stanley.
 Please ask your question.
 Hi, thanks for taking my questions.
 I had two pleasers.
 The first one was related to Brazil production.
 In the last quarter, you talked about preventing maintenance, impacting production uplift in
 in the second half of 2021.
 just wanted to check if you could comment on the progress here, is the maintenance activity
 completed in 3 Q or is it still persisting in into the fourth quarter? The second one
 was related to your shareholder distribution policy.
 Again, last quarter, you mentioned that you are reviewing the option of using buybacks.
 I was just wondering if you have breached the decision on that or will we see the incremental
 the increase in the sharehold distribution all reflected in the additional dividend.
 Thanks.
 So, let me just start with the second, what I have said and what we are doing is looking
 and consulting with shareholders around.
 buybacks versus cash dividends and in that work is still ongoing so I have
 nothing to report on that at this stage, but just to reaffirm, you know, we're looking
 and consulting with the very shareholders about that.
 on the Brazil production I'll hand over to you in a second.
 I think, you know, one of the difficulties that we've had, and actually, you know, we
 see this in other parts of the world as well, where through COVID, clearly there was a maintenance
 backlog increase but also a delay in hooking up wells, a delay in doing workovers and so
 So I don't think this is constrained just to Brazil, but sorry, anything more to add
 on the normalization of the situation in Brazil.
 So, Sassi, we are moving in the right direction still, however, being constrained just to give
 you a sort of one indicator, while the POB was restricted to around 60% of the capacity
 has now increased a bit, so we are around 80% of POV capacity on the different installation,
 So we have more hands on the deck in order to work with the backlog.
 It's not being worked systematically and we expect that there is two units that are scheduled
 for maintenance in the fourth quarter of this year.
 So it's picking up, but there is a backlog
 then that will take some time to be sorted out.
 Thank you very much.
 Your next question comes from the line of John Rigby from UBS.
 Please ask your question.
 Hello, thank you.
 I've taken the call, I've taken the question.
 I think this is for Felipe, actually, is I notice the sort of step up in contribution
 from renewables obviously with the the high electricity prices and that sort of
 flows through from your proforma remida into, mainly into associates, as you've noted.
 Can you just help and run through the sort of how both the earnings and then also the
 The cash flow cascade kind of works into your income statement, into your consolidated accounts
 I'm particularly interested, maybe where you're doing refinancing, does that reappear back
 in your cash flow statement as a dividend or as a divestment and just wanted to sort
 to understand what the allocation and priority of cash flows would be to paying interest
 versus paying dividends back to yourselves, paying back some of the capital on the loans,
 etc.
 If this makes sense, some sort of map of how cash flows and earnings work back into your
 business if that's possible.
 Good morning John
 Um, I don't think what we are doing and will do is different from what we've done with
 other associates or what everybody else does.
 So you have unconsolidated entities are currently generating more cash.
 So that cash goes to pay project finance and OPEX, of course, and whatever is left
 under the financing agreement as long as you comply with depth service
 code ratio, then you distribute the cache as dividend.
 And when you use that cache for CAPEX, but we will show the
 numbers growth.
 So all the cash that comes to GALP comes from in the cash flow statement as a dividend income
 and Cup-X will be gross.
 So the money goes back into projects for expansion.
 On the PNL, what you see is the share of profits.
 It's an accounting number, a short profit that goes on the associates in the PNO.
 So, because we have very long-term funding, you know, the one we've just closed as an
 18-year maturity, we do expect, depending on power prices of course, we do expect significant
 cash flow money is coming in over the next few quarters.
 Yeah, okay, cool. That makes sense. Can I just ask a follow-up question? Just on Mozambique.
 It's really about the onshore project itself and not really about the delays or visibility
 around that.
 Just as the sort of at a higher level, just as the world is starting to focus very much
 on Scope One, Scope Two emissions around new projects is there's a dilemma or a paradox
 with LNG is that Scope 1, Scope 2 can be actually quite high or very high, although Scope
 three, so the full life cycle can be relatively competitive and clearly there are some advantages
 in terms of clean air where you're using the gas to generate electricity, etc.
 Does that present a problem for you in the context of your plans around going to lower
 permissions to Net Zero in terms of being a participant in that project or is the plan
 ultimately to physically deal with the carbon that will be emitted as part of the process
 of liquefying the gas.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, John, and I'll be asking Tori to follow through or clearly, you know, our net zero commission position is 2050 along the long way off
 gas, as you know, particularly in the Asian context, replaces coal, so it's positive.
 But we are very focused on what the scope one and two emissions of the LNG plant has been
 design.
 I mean, Tori, do you want to explain some of the things
 You're looking at him.
 I'll do that.
 Thank you, John.
 So yes, actually one of the things that is being looked at as the product now is being
 revised, and we're using this time in order to see how we can optimize it further.
 One of the things that also then is looked into is how to reduce the CO2 emissions from
 from the plant.
 and with that in particular mind what you just mentioned, John.
 that is one of the factors that is now being put on the drawing board. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of GRcomo Romeo from Jeffries.
 Please ask your question.
 Good morning.
 Good afternoon, actually, and thank you for taking my question.
 I have two left on my list, and the first one is, if you can talk a little bit more about
 about the size of the Brazilian renewable opportunity and sort of what sort of pipeline
 beyond the sort of capacity that you announce you see and the other question still on renewables
 is if you can give an update on how the search for the new CEO role is going and when do you
 respect to sort of have an update on that.
 Okay, thank you for the question.
 Look, the Brazilian pipeline is a significant one.
 We've announced a participation in two projects of total 600 megawatts, but we are looking
 to a much bigger funnel of opportunities there, both in solar and some in wind as well. But
 no deal done yet
 but we continue to look at how we can expand away from that position.
 I look, we have flexed someone to be the new CEO, we haven't gone public on who that is yet,
 But just to say that that process has gone well, I'm very excited about the end of the
 that we will be able to announce that we'll take that business to the next level.
 level.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Stone from Barclays.
 Please ask your question.
 Thanks for asking me about the two questions, please.
 So that's just like classification on the dividend
 Again, you mentioned there's going to be some discretionary elements.
 But you've quantified the year-to-date number
 400 million euros of what you're losing on these temporary derivatives. So would you not be able
 able to know exactly what the number is at year end and just add it back and then a comment
 on that, why not change the structure to be linking your dividend to the operating cash
 flow?
 in capital, you might create more simplicity in the structure.
 And then the second question on the upstream production run rate is you're going through
 the rest of the year, you mentioned in the maintenance backlog is improving, but it looks
 like quarter and quarter volumes looking pretty flat-ish, can you maybe just
 Let's control it.
 How much are you losing in production due to this maintenance issue and how much is
 to play with when we're going to next year
 and thinking about what might come back.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Josh.
 You know, I don't want to give any definitive guidance on how we will calculate the supplementary
 dividend. We believe it will be partial. We have permission from our board to say that
 this will be considered, but no clear mandate on the magnitude of that.
 When we look at our mechanism, we use CFFO because
 Normally, managing working capital is quite a bit of hard work in terms of managing stocks
 and everything else. I mean, this is a distinct one off that we really couldn't control. But
 actually not only affects CFFO, it affects net debt. So both those parameters are affected
 by this one-off margin account build. But I can't, I'm not in a position today to give
 you a definitive calculation method for how that supplementary dividend will be calculated.
 have to see how the rest of the year plays out with the macro, what our OCF is, how strong
 the company is at the end of the year before we declare what that supplementary dividend
 will be.
 I think I'll hand over to Tori to talk a little bit about, you know, what we've seen
 in terms of shut-in production and how much there is behind the pipe there.
 Sorry.
 Thank you, Andy.
 Thank you, Josh.
 So when it comes to maintenance, it's a part of life.
 That's the natural part of the way we do the business.
 And so also going forward, you have to expect that we will have periodic maintenance on
 the different units in all of our operations. Typically the chartered FPSOs have 10 to 15
 of maintenance every year. On the replicants we have a longer but more
 periodic maintenance typically that is 20 days but then only every three years
 It's done with more force and typically also connecting with the flotel so you have more
 people to contribute. So what I can say is that we expect going forward that
 maintenance will be more or less as we have guided before and have an impact in the production
 in the order of around 5000 barrels per day and that is the best guidance I can give you
 we're also going forward, just in that.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. If I could just follow, you would say how much the impact is this year so far versus the 5,000 per hour today?
 So, Josh, actually, in front of me, I don't actually have that number in front of me,
 Sorry, I can't answer that here now.
 and I are to follow up with you.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Mehdi Anabati from Bank of America.
 Please ask your question.
 Hi, so good afternoon all.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 So if my questions have already been answered,
 and have some issues with the connection.
 But two questions on my side.
 first regarding your gas sourcing issues, can you tell us if you could get some compensation
 You know, from your insurance, as it seems, you are not receiving contracted natural gas
 from suppliers, or maybe, you know, explain me again why you can't get any compensation,
 please.
 And given the natural gas price development, should we expect a significantly higher negative
 in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter just for us to avoid, let's say, a
 a big negative surprise, please.
 And the second question is more about, you know,
 petrologal dividend paid to Cynopex, so it seems you didn't pay any dividend in the
 third quarter, should we then expect two dividends to be paid in the fourth quarter, or you just
 decided to skip, you know, the third quarter didn't. Thank you.
 Let me thank you, maybe let me answer the first question. I'll ask Felipe to do the second and third
 No, we're indeed, we're in intensive negotiations with our suppliers, as I say, to try and mitigate
 any impacts. There are some penalties, but I have to say that they're a very small fraction
 of the difference between the spot price and the market price and the price we have actually
 secured for those volumes. So that really doesn't compensate the difference. But indeed
 it is a discussion we have and we're obviously working really hard to make sure that there
 There is no interruption and we're able to supply our customers without missing a beat.
 So, I can't give you any numbers on how much we would recover from any lack of supply.
 I can say we are in active discussion with them to make sure that they do supply.
 So, Philippe, second or third question?
 I made it.
 Your question is on working capital in Q4,
 And how does TTF change that?
 you find this truth correctly.
 No, no, no, no, the question was about time, okay.
 Okay, yeah, that one, that one I got, okay, so on, on SinoPake, what we have agreed with
 and opaque way back then is that free cash flows after paying all capexes or
 or distributed out 30, 70%.
 So, depending on the free cash flow, this year and next and the following years, the
 the role is quite straightforward.
 So this year, we're expecting a payment
 So within fiscal year 2021,
 say, 120, 100, depending on what the macro will do.
 And next year, it's not necessarily payable in Q1,
 is we'll look at what the cash flows for 2022 look like
 and 30% of the free cash flows will be distributed out sometime during next year.
 next year.
 Thank you.
 the bottom of the fourth quarter,
 Should we expect it to be back to normal during the course of the year?
 Again, it is not necessarily payable in the first quarter, so we paid the GALP shareholders
 in the second quarter, and we discuss with Centopec, depending on what the casuals or
 CAPEX commitments the best timing of payment. So we have quite a flexibility on timing of
 payment. But within 2022, then it should be about 30% of the free cash flows.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line-up at Michelle Delavigna from Goldman Sachs, please ask your question.
 Thank you.
 It's Michele here.
 Two quick questions if I may.
 The first one I just wanted to check, that color FLNG, because it's offshore, would
 not been any way affected by the security concerns that are lingering in Mozambique and then
 Secondly, I was wondering if you had a chance to start looking at your business through
 the lenses of the EU green taxonomy, and if you have an early indication of what percentage
 of revenue and capex will be taxonomy compliant for you.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Michelle. So on the the coral security issues, you know, largely this is well offshore and therefore
 for, we believe, outside the current insecurity. Clearly, shore bases exist, but in places
 which where I think security is better guaranteed.
 So, at this stage, we do not have any specific concerns around that, but we need to stay
 alert, of course.
 On the EU taxonomy, you know, I think it's early days for us to make any clear indications
 the market about the proportion that would fall under that requirement.
 So at this stage, no update on the EU taxonomy.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Jason Kenney from Santander, please ask your question.
 Oh, yeah, thanks.
 Going back to Brazil, and maybe a couple of the earlier questions, is the Brazil renew
 the asset base is going to be consolidated or non-consolidated.
 We treat it differently from the Iberian renewable business.
 And what kind of capex do you think
 is needed to build out that Brazil solar 2025.
 And if I may, obviously, you're looking at asset rotation
 in renewables, and you've got this target of 12 gigawatts
 by 2030.
 And my best to assume around 50% of that would be net capacity for GALP 2030.
 Thanks.
 Thank you, Jason. I mean, I think, firstly, the way we're actually approaching
 Iberia as well so the one giga what we've essentially added to the original ACS deal
 Brazil, plus Brazil, is that in the first instance we develop it.
 And then only after the COD, when it's online, that we will sell down and deconsolidate it.
 So that is our current modus operandi.
 And clearly, we will also finance these projects.
 So, you know, I think that's the way we will go about those projects.
 the capex
 Renewable costs have gone up a little bit globally in the last six, nine months.
 But, yeah, I won't give you any clear guidance,
 but anything between, what is it,
 500,000 and 700,000 per megawatt would be in the bull park of how much it costs to develop
 these projects, but we hope to get, you know, 65%, 70% or more financing as well, so the
 equity contribution is far lower.
 And I think that also answers the asset retail, yeah, the 12 gigawatts.
 Yeah, I think we will continue to, you know, we talked about, essentially, a dilution of
 50% in up portfolio on the 12 gigawatt position.
 And we maintain that.
 I think this is all going to be based on opportunities
 on being able to maintain the deconflavation.
 and when we can rotate it.
 So the timing of it, when we can rotate those assets, that we've dirifted them significantly
 that we can sell down to a strategic investor in order to leverage up our own returns.
 So, I don't want to give any firm indications when we're going to do it, how we're going
 going to do it, but I think it's about a discipline that we want to instill within
 the renewable business about how we make sure that we do get and have an opportunity to
 get double-digit equity returns on our renewable investments.
 Now that's great, and just to clarify, the $500,000 to $700,000.
 ERS.
 Your next question comes from the line of Ignacio Domenic from JB Capital.
 Please ask your question.
 Yes, good afternoon, and thank you for taking my questions.
 I have two.
 My first question is on refining and the positive evolution of refining cash cost.
 Can you comment on what has been driving this train and where should we be finding gas
 So it's going forward.
 And then my second question is on renewables.
 I think you mentioned a generation was impacted by a transformer offset, so my question is
 is when do you expect this issue to be reverted, and if you would expect any compensation to
 is to this impact. Thank you.
 So let me start with the transformer issue.
 Clearly this was part of the legacy in the joint venture we had with ACS.
 we've had 200 megawatts that have been out of capacity.
 We have we're on the verge of putting 65 megawatts back in online to compensate for that
 essentially a transformer that was allocated to a future project we now retrofitted. Clearly
 at this time of year and going forward with lower solar radiation, that really helps mitigate
 if not totally mitigate the losses we may get in the forward quarter.
 But we have new transformers arriving to be installed in just in the new year, early months
 next year to have us completely ready to go once the sun comes back in Iberia for Q2
 onwards. Now, when we come to refinery cash cost, we've talked about driving down to $1.70
 a barrel. Clearly, safety comes first and costs come second as we continue to emphasise
 to our people on the ground but Tori do you want to talk a bit about the cash
 and what we might see in Q4, particularly with also the work we need to do on the furnace.
 Yes, thank you Andy.
 You're right, the overall ambition has been to drive down the cash cost and be in the
 area of slightly below two dollars per barrel however as you know we have had
 than operational issue in the atmospheric distillation unit, which we will need to repair.
 The repair is actually ongoing as we speak, that will impact our cash cost for the Ford
 quarter and our current best estimate is that we will be spending around 10 to 12 million
 dollars on on on those repair that will translate into the to the cash cost so I
 I guess the best guidance I can give you today is that the fourth quarter you will see it
 around $3 per barrel as an indication for what the cash cost would be for the Ford
 Good.
 We, however, believe that by this quarter we should be back into normal operation unless
 we are getting any surprises during this repair work.
 So all work is that this is completed during this quarter.
 Thank you
 Your next question comes from the line of Raphael Dubois from Society Generale. Please ask your question.
 Hello, thank you very much for taking my questions. I have two left.
 The first one is still about this working capital build-up.
 assuming that
 the TTF price, stay where it is now.
 Can you give us a feel for what the working capital
 build up could look like in Q4.
 And then I have another question about renewables.
 you talk about 60 million euros of pro forma
 Can you tell us what utilization rate you assume as well as the solar capture price
 that you assume as well.
 Thank you.
 So, can I ask Philippe to answer the first question?
 Rafael, compare with what we have on the balance sheet on September 30.
 We have calendar 2022, GTF was training at about 57 euros.
 It is currently at 54, I think.
 So, given what's where we are today and where we stand, I would say it should get a bit
 better but it is incredibly volatile so it's very hard to call the shots on what
 December 31st. And this is a daily mark to mark number. It varies every day. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Hi, Raphael. Yeah, just on this renewables question,
 At the moment, on the Q3, we enjoyed about 110 euros per megawatt hour as a solar capture
 price. Clearly our generation capacity comes down in Q4 as we get less sun, but we will
 have about an extra 100 megawatt available online to enjoy whatever sun we do get in
 in the fourth quarter.
 So, you know, that's really 28 million was the pro-former, Abbott-Duffer for the Q3 to
 give you an idea of what kind of run right clearly would have the extra 20% that would
 would have been somewhat higher, so that's the current position we're in.
 Okay. Thank you very much.
 Your next question comes from the line of Matt Loftin from JP Morgan. Please ask your question
 Hi, thanks for taking the questions.
 Two, if I could please. First, I wanted to come back to the operation and outlook in
 in pre-salt Brazil, and the earlier comments.
 Could you just share a sense of how the operational backdrop has evolved since perhaps the update
 you provided in the summer, where the maintenance backlog sits today compared to the middle
 of the year and how long you expect it to be, but to work through before you get back
 to a normalized 5,000 barrels a day plus minus of annual maintenance effect that the Torah
 that I think you referenced earlier.
 and then secondly, just on price realizations in the upstream, we've seen a wider average
 oil and gas, realisation, discount to headline Brent, the last couple of quarters I think
 you've highlighted softer pricing or more
 competition into Asia on the Brazil exports. How do you see the outlook there looking
 into 2022, is there something that you still expect to be temporary and ultimately revert
 or something that could become more of a medium term
 structural issue.
 Thank you.
 If I can just start and I'll hand over to Tori to add on the Brazilian outlook.
 And we did quite a full analysis of what we produced this year versus what we'd hoped
 to produce this year and to try and understand what the key issues for the shortfall were.
 I mean, what we found was one of the biggest things is just how it takes a lot longer to
 hook up wells now, whether they're new wells or they're work over activities that need
 to be done.
 We had also, and we've mentioned this issue about the riser issues and tests we've been
 doing on the corrosion, the stress corrosion, cracking corrosion of risers, and Petrofaster
 a lot of work on that and that has that has an impact of a couple of points of
 availability at the moment and for a short time to come.
 And then there's the overall availability level of the various FPSOs that Torrey was
 was just was alluding to.
 and then lastly there's a reservoir performance and I know a lot of people
 being turned about. What we found is the reservoir actually performed slightly better than we
 expected this year. So I think there's some good news below the wellhead in terms of the
 reservoir itself. It's these compounded issues that we have above the wellhead that I think,
 that we're perhaps working through.
 Any more to add?
 No, I think on the maintenance, I think you covered it well.
 Well, it's actually to sum it up.
 About 50% of the shortfall we have seen this year is due to delays in the well connections
 and then there's another 20% that is related to delays and well-workovers, so that really
 is capturing the majority.
 It actually has been slightly positive what have happened on the issue of stress corrosion.
 The inspection that was done over the summer actually proved to be better than anticipated,
 So that meant that a few producers could be put back in operations before expectations
 So, hopefully, crossing fingers, that is now going forward in a good way.
 long-term solution, however that will take some time because that will require new materials
 to be qualified for that issue.
 Only when it comes to the price realization and the market, that's very much dependent
 on the situation in China.
 We have seen that the Chinese market has been somewhat more difficult in the third quarter,
 So the discounts have to be a little larger in order to place the volumes.
 Let's see what the role of the independent refiners in China will be going forward.
 that has a direct impact on that market and the outlook.
 So we will stay with the sort of same guidance that we have given you, but expect it to be
 for this quarter in the area of eight to ten dollars per ampere wireless as a
 that is gone overall and that's factored in which is very important what Andy also said
 in his speech in the beginning that our gas prices in Brazil for the associated gas is
 It's actually capped at $55.
 So there is a limit to how much we can get on the gas side.
 However, that ends by the end of this year.
 So, from next year, we will actually dispose and handle the natural gas, the associated
 gas ourselves in Brazil and that should give us some more capturing a higher margin on
 that.
 Your final question comes from Aneesh Khatadiya from Policy Advisors.
 Please ask your question.
 Hi, just had one question remaining, I think you touched on it slightly, but we're seeing
 evidence of quite strong inflation and it could be quite persistent inflation in the
 market and I am thinking about that both from the raw material side of things but also the
 potential for higher inflation and higher interest rates going forward.
 So I was just wondering if you could cover the impact of that in particular on the renewables
 business of those higher import costs coming through, but also from a financing perspective
 and a returns perspective of how you think that higher inflation and higher interest
 That's right.
 certainly impact our business.
 Thank you.
 I'll ask Philippe in a second to talk a bit about interest rates.
 You know, I think one of the benefits of our joint venture that we secured with ACS was
 is it locked in construction costs going forward?
 So we've largely de-risked, particularly with the two
 8.9 gigas that we have in that particular deal. But what's interesting about these higher
 costs and perhaps the risk of higher interest rates is you also see a bit of a slowdown
 in people building more capacity and, you know, as a result that feeds into what we
 We also see, particularly at the moment, is clearly pretty high solar capture prices.
 So I think these things have their own balance to them.
 We have a pretty strong position in that we, you know, we've de-risked the construction
 costs in our deal with ACS.
 Philip, do you want to talk a bit about the interest rates and how exposed we are to that?
 And it's because we project finance that the banks ask us for a very significant proportion
 of the funding to be swapped fixed rates. So we're fairly hedged on the funding cost.
 We're fairly hedged through the EPC contract we've signed with ACS.
 We are seeing unit-cap express going up, so everything is becoming more expensive.
 to land interconnection, equipments, actually quite a number of auctions took place recently.
 a number of bidders were betting on declining KAPEX numbers, and they've bid very aggressively.
 So also to be seen how many of those projects will actually get funding and get off the
 ground so we'll see less projects being built more challenge for those that are
 not hedged.
 Having said this, we're seeing a lot of inflation
 on the price of the electrons that we see.
 So net-nets, this is not necessarily bad for the projects.
 and in the short term.
 in the longer term, we'll see.
 but GALP is mostly hedged.
 Thank you.
 Thank you
 OK.
 I think this ends our session.
 Thank you for your time and for participating.
 We hope you find this update useful.
 As always, the Invest Relations Team is available for any additional clarifications.
 We will be on the road again from November onwards, so really hope to meet you in person
 soon.
 Have a great day and productive hardening season.
 That does conclude our conference for today.
 Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect.