 Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to GALP's third quarter 2021 results presentation.
 I will now pass the floor to Mr. Artello Rufo, Head of Investor Relations.
 Good morning, and we'll be right back.
 and welcome to GOP's third quarter and nine months
 2021 results presentation.
 I would like to thank you for joining us today
 and wish that you are all in good health
 Today, Andy will provide an overview of the quarter performance and key strategic developments,
 as well as an updated guidance for the full year.
 Felipe will then take us through the quarter financial results.
 At the end, we are happy to take your questions
 where Andy and Felipe
 will be joined by the remaining members of the Executive Committee.
 if you want to participate
 please follow the operator's instructions at the end of the call.
 As usual, I would like to remind you
 that will be making forward-looking statements
 that refer to our estimates, and actual results may differ due to factors included in the
 cautionary statement at the beginning of our
 presentation, which we
 advise you to read.
 I will now hand over 20.
 Good morning ladies and gentlemen
 GALP's Q3 operational results were robust, capturing the improved macro, namely higher
 growth.
 prices and improved refining
 margins.
 we delivered over 600 million euros of consolidated EBITDA
 already at pre-COVID levels.
 On top of this, we now have a renewable business, not consolidated, but fully capturing improved
 market conditions delivering
 28 million euros of perform
 EBITDA in the quarter.
 we also generated a healthy
 operating cash flow of
 468 million euro
 Therefore, a robust contribution despite some operational challenges.
 However, our free cash generation reflected the temporary effect
 related with our gas hedging strategy
 and the significant spike in gas prices during the period.
 Due to this effect, as well as the interim dividend of 200 million euro
 paid to shareholders during the period
 meant our net debt increased to €2 billion.
 euro
 this puts
 us slightly
 above our targeted net debt
 to EBITDA ratio of 1.
 However, we're expecting further deleverage through Q4
 and confident that the dividend variable component will be distributed.
 and I'll cover that again later in this call.
 in addition to the actual Q3 financial numbers
 we also made progress towards executing our strategy
 to create a more sustainable company.
 Finally, I'm happy to see the external recognition of our strategy, with Gulp recurrently holding
 leading
 positions on the
 relevant
 ESG rankings.
 Acknowledged further by the €700 million lending we have secured from EIB.
 Now, let's look at the businesses in more detail.
 During the period, we have seen some operational improvements in upstream, namely in Tupi
 in Brazil, leading to
 a stronger oil output.
 welcome at a time of
 high oil prices. However,
 to do some maintenance
 activities on gas exports,
 overall oil and gas production
 was flat quarter-on-quarter.
 during the quarter
 the largest FPSO so far in production
 in Brazil was started up on the
 Sepia field.
 Petrobras' delivery of the FPSO
 in these difficult times
 is to be commended
 Although a small production contribution to Galpin the period,
 The production rate from the one well hooked up is prolific.
 boding well for the full potential of the field.
 the FBSO on Atapu is also now producing at high levels
 close to plateau production
 with only four wells connected.
 The Brazilian pre-salt continues to be an amazing story,
 with new wells demonstrating high productivities
 and strong reservoir potential.
 The improved operational conditions that allow us to resume some inspection and maintenance
 activities. And through Q4, we hope to see progress on working
 through the maintenance backlog.
 We remain confident on the four-year production guidance
 updated last quarter at 125,000 to 130,000 barrels oil equivalent per day.
 Going forward, we expect the business to maintain its strong cash-to-delivery
 with disciplined approach to CapEx focused on key attractive low-carbon developments,
 such as Bacalao, a project which continues to progress well.
 Coral FLNG for Mozambique also progresses well
 and is on track for first gas during 2022.
 with sale away from Korea expected during Q4.
 On the exploration front, we are keenly anticipating key wells
 in the Campus Basin in Brazil
 and in
 Psyatomia
 and
 Principe
 to be spudded later this year and early next year.
 On the industrial side, refining margins have now recovered
 from the weak environment throughout 2020 and early 2021.
 They are up 70% quarter-on-quarter to $4 per barrel, supported by an increase of middle distillate and gasoline cracks during the quarter.
 This refinery margin includes all energy costs such as natural gas and electricity
 and any CO2 licenses we may need to acquire.
 On top of this, we've seen Gov's refining margin, October to date, at above Q3 levels, at around $5 a barrel.
 However, we need to report that we will see some production limitations
 during this quarter.
 as a nice
 a few days ago, there was an
 unplanned event in one of the two
 furnaces of the scenish atmospheric distillation unit. There were no injuries, but it has led to
 a temporary stoppage of the unit.
 However, during the rest of Q4, the three-put of the distillation unit will be restricted
 while repairs are completed on impact in furnace.
 We expect the issue to be fully resolved during this quarter.
 In addition, we have a planned maintenance in the hydrocracker,
 which will start this week and should last around 20 days.
 Considering these operational limitations for Q4,
 we expect throughputs of 15 million tonnes,
 about 30% down quarter on quarter,
 while realized refining margins
 should stand at $4 to $5 a barrel.
 On energy management, this was a weak quarter,
 impacted firstly by the extra
 costs related to the access to the
 LNG regasification terminal, Portugal.
 These extra costs are now no longer charged from Q4 onwards.
 Also, we've been impacted by negative effects
 by the all-product supply pricing lag,
 resulting from the commodity price increase during the period.
 but most importantly, by unplanned natural gas sourcing restrictions
 related to our long-term suppliers,
 which obliged us to acquire some volumes at expensive spot conditions.
 All in all, energy management contribution
 was negative in the quarter
 and going into Q4
 we're setting
 with our
 main suppliers any potential
 deviations from the planned deliveries
 given the cost of securing alternative supplies.
 and we're preparing
 contingency plans to mitigate
 any potential shortfalls.
 Clearly shortfalls could have an impact on operations and results
 and in such cases, we may continue to see some weaknesses
 on the energy management contribution.
 Therefore, unfortunately, Q4 for industrial energy management may not be stronger than Q3.
 Looking further ahead, we should have our scenish refining system operating in normal conditions by the end of this year,
 and I'm confident on the work we're doing on our gas trading strategy
 to allow some more flexibility and increased contributions from 2022 onwards.
 In commercial, mobility in Iberia is recovering
 with an oil product sales increasing both in B2B and B2C segments,
 but still some 20% below pre-COVID levels.
 Our results show this progressive positive trend.
 where B2C has been recovering faster,
 But we now also see some positive signs in B2B.
 aviation and marine segments
 do still remain weak
 And at the same time, we're taking steps to transform this business to adapt to consumer needs.
 efforts to extract
 more from
 non-fuel have been proving successful
 and our convenience retail is already delivering at pre-COVID levels
 and today represents over 20% of the commercial contribution margin,
 which is up 5% on 2019.
 with progressively
 increasing
 convenience sale and expect convenience
 contribution to more than
 double by 2025.
 in renewables
 Our production is sold under strop merchant conditions.
 and our generation capacity
 could have been higher this quarter.
 However, four plants have been restricted due to an issue with one transformer.
 and we've been implementing
 mitigations
 with
 some of the 200 megawatts
 have impacted electricity
 and we hope to get back to full operation
 in early 2022.
 but in addition
 we plan to bring
 online an additional 236
 megawatts of solar projects by year end.
 Meanwhile, we're executing our strategy and progressing with our renewable expansion inside and outside Iberia.
 In Q3, we acquired additional solar capacity in Spain of 220 megawatts.
 And last week, we announced an important step on our renewable venture in Brazil, where we acquired 600 megawatts of solar capacity of high-quality projects in a pre-construction stage.
 The acquisition costs in Brazil were not material.
 Further payments, however, will be made, but only when the project hits specific development
 milestones.
 These projects are expected to be online before 2025.
 this is a clear step forward for gulf in a country
 where we've been present for over 20 years
 And we've recently reinforced our renewables team in Brazil,
 a country which offers an opportunity to develop
 a profitable, renewable power generation platform.
 But we will maintain our discipline.
 entering in early, a pre-construction stage,
 and creating value by building up a portfolio from there.
 Our energy management team will be fundamental to capture market dynamic opportunities.
 monitoring the market developments,
 and evaluating the best way to sell our power generation
 with a mix of PPAs and merchant exposure.
 these acquisition positions
 GALP with a 4.7
 gigawatt portfolio
 with projects both under operation
 development, and construction.
 This puts us in a strong position to at least meet our 2025 goal of having over 4 gigawatts operating.
 and well-positioned for the 12-giga ambitions we have for 2025.
 Thriving through the energy transition
 is not just about renewable
 capacity
 but also about developing low-carbon businesses
 and making sure we have access to finance structures
 that provide us
 an efficient capital structure
 to develop these projects.
 So what are we doing on this front?
 In early August, we launched a pilot of a new convenience concept store in Portugal
 with no fuel offering.
 And in Spain, we've upgraded around 35 stores,
 which are also showing strong results.
 We're also proceeding with our electrification plans.
 having acquired in the quarter 280 EV charging points across Iberia.
 and we will end the year
 with over a thousand points
 more than doubling since last year
 and step further to reach the company's ambition by 2025.
 on new energies
 green hydrogen plans are becoming real
 Currently developing a 2-megawatt pilot with FID expected by year-end.
 This will accelerate our learning curve
 before the larger capacity electrolyzers get closer to reality.
 we're advancing
 simultaneously
 with two projects of 100 megawatts each.
 one by ourselves
 and the other one in a consortium.
 On another front, we are thrilled to have secured access to funding
 to our low-to-no-carbon projects
 by a prestige entity like the European Investment Bank.
 This includes an up to €750 million to finance solar PV projects in Portugal and Spain,
 as well as the rollout of 550,000 EV charging points across Iberia.
 We've also secured project finance for 50-megawatt project in Spain,
 operating in full merchant conditions.
 All our operating projects in Spain
 have now been project finance
 all with debt levels above 70%.
 Looking at 2021 overall, considering the status of operations
 and adjusting to the short-term macro outlook,
 Assuming a $70 Brent for the year, we estimate now full-year EBITDA
 and adjusted operating cash flow
 to stand above 2.3 billion euro
 and 1.8 billion euro, respectively.
 While on the operational side, commercial industrial energy management should stand
 below the estimates we provided
 last June on the back of
 slower anticipated Iberian
 to mind recovery and restrictions
 in energy management.
 but upstream and renewables will benefit from higher oil, gas, and power prices.
 Our CFFO, non-adjusted operating cash flow, is predicted to have a 400 million euro difference to our adjusted operating cash flow.
 This impact is mostly driven by a hedging strategy
 to protect the commodities price risk
 related with our gas sourcing and supply activities.
 in the recent months
 we saw an increase in margin deposits related with future contracts.
 as a result of the unexpected significant spike on gas prices.
 this impact drives
 mostly from
 contracts that will end in 2022
 When the
 study
 the supplies are delivered to the customers.
 Therefore, going forward, we will see cash inflows yielding CFFO levels above the OCF.
 either when we make these gas deliveries
 or when gas prices adjust downwards.
 Felipe will elaborate a bit more on this later
 But let me reinforce, despite currently materially impacting our CFFO and net debt,
 This is a temporary effect, one that will be reverted on the short term during 2022.
 we are aware
 This may impact our shareholder distributions framework.
 We will need to monitor how gas prices evolve
 and what will the effects on our financials be at year-end.
 By then, we will take a view
 if some adjustments to the dividend framework should be considered
 when proposing our 2021 distributions, given the one-off and temporary nature of this impact.
 Lastly, on net capex, we are now estimating year-end to be at the lower half of the previously
 was.
 provided guidance, so to stay within 0.5 and 0.6 billion euros demonstrating our continued
 capital. So to wrap up
 This quarter benefited from the more supportive macro, and we continued seeing positive signs of recovery and a strong commodity price environment ahead.
 This environment is causing some temporary impacts
 on our cash delivery, but as I mentioned,
 these are temporary and will revert
 More importantly, looking further ahead,
 we're starting to show
 clear and important signs of strategy execution,
 both around our legacy businesses' growth and transformation,
 but also around expanding our renewables footprint
 and moving forward of new businesses
 our operational
 momentum
 has room for improvement
 and I am confident we will see a turnaround.
 allow us to deliver even stronger results.
 Finally, a relevant part of our investment case is to maintain a competitive shareholder
 in the future.
 We are conscious that our shareholders deserve to be rewarded in such a strong macro-environment.
 Therefore, we're monitoring very closely the evolution of the lines impacting our net debt and CFFO,
 and confident
 that we will be able to recommend
 a variable component related with 2021.
 one. Now over
 to you, Felipe, to look more deeply
 at the financials.
 Thank you, Andy, and good morning, everyone.
 I am on slide 12, where we have the upstream EBITDA of 522 million, which clearly benefited
 from the rise in brand prices
 even if we did continue
 to see below average
 premiums on the
 cargoes we sold
 to Asia.
 and this comes from
 China restrictions on some local importers
 and regional crudes being
 priced more competitively
 versus Brent.
 Our oil and gas realizations versus Brent were also affected by the cap we have for
 now on our Brazilian-associated gas cells.
 So the current gas price formula is capped at $55 brent.
 Upstream CAPEX was $187 million, and this went primarily to our pre-salt developments, namely Tupi and Bacalao and Coral in Mozambique.
 The CapEx line this quarter also includes $34 million payments for the acquisition of a stake in BMS 8.
 This increased the GALP stake from 14% to 20% back in 2017.
 and the payments were
 contingent on certain
 milestones, and a final one should be distributed in Q4 or early Q1 next year of about $40 to $50 million.
 Commercial EBITDA was $87 million in the quarter.
 now this with seasonal quarter on quarter higher oil product sales
 and the gradual easing of lockdown measures.
 Still, commercial EBITDA was down year on year, as the margin environment is being pressured by the current much higher commodity prices.
 Industrial and energy management EBITDA was only 15 million.
 that's down 35 million from the previous quarter
 The Cines Refinery had a healthy contribution.
 with realized margin of $4 per barrel
 and costs of $1.5 per barrel.
 Energy management, however,
 so
 gas sourcing restrictions
 leading to spot purchases
 to comply with our commitments with clients.
 Also,
 as we had flagged before
 the increased
 regasification costs in Portugal
 impacted EBITDA
 with about
 10 million euros during this quarter
 In oil products, the rapid commodity price increases that we're seeing in the period
 has caused negative price lag effects
 under the formulas we have established with our clients.
 I'll see you next time.
 Bye.
 Industrial and energy management operating cash flow includes the contribution from
 associate companies, such as the Calp Stakes and the
 international pipelines which
 bring the gas from Algeria
 through Morocco and Spain.
 Now, after some 25 years invested in those assets, these concessions will end this month.
 So we will now bring the Algerian gas through the MedGas pipeline, where we are not an investor.
 We don't consolidate this business, so what we show here are pro forma numbers, and the
 Proforma EBITDA was a very healthy $28 million in the quarter.
 Now, we do continue to see significant supply chain and permitting challenges to develop and build the renewable projects in Iberia at the speed we want it to.
 but we remain committed to deploy the ambitious pipeline of projects
 and grow the installed capacity.
 so short term
 We have over 200 megas of new-built capacity coming online by year-end.
 This is most welcome in this environment.
 and in addition
 we should also see the
 transformer issue
 resolved shortly, and this has kept about 200 megawatts offline.
 On slide 13, here we have the P&L where you see the EBITDA of $607 million in the quarter.
 and EBIT follows this in tandem.
 associates were up to
 mainly from the increased net income from our solar JVs.
 Net income was $161 million under RCA.
 Now, under IFRS, net income was negative $334 million, driven by the negative $545 million
 in special items, and this comes mainly from the mark-to-market of our hedging positions.
 Now, these price protection contracts do not qualify under IFRS hedge accounting rules,
 So we need to take this volatility to the P&L as opposed to equity.
 so throughout
 2022.
 the revenues we generate from the gas volumes that underlie these derivatives
 will compensate these mark-to-market variations
 as it is designed to.
 So the hedges are made to reduce our economic risks.
 So no worries here other than unwelcome temporary volatility.
 The cash flow on slide 14, you see a strong operating cash flow for $168 million.
 now cffo is affected by the working capital built resulting from the margin deposits
 to cover the exchange-traded derivative positions.
 And maybe Otelu, I should spend a minute on this derivative and margin deposit topic.
 So in the P&L, we have the mark-to-market of the entire derivative book.
 And in the cash flow statement, we have the cash that we need to post as collateral with the exchange.
 The number is quite high this quarter, 373 million.
 and 444 for the full nine months
 This is a reflection of how much gas prices have gone up.
 And why do we enter into derivatives in the first place?
 So we buy gas from our suppliers and we sell the gas to clients.
 And the business model is to make a commercial margin between the two.
 however the gas that we buy
 is mainly priced
 of Brent.
 And our sales, say to industrial clients, are normally TTF-linked.
 So we, therefore, protect the basis risk of the price of what we buy
 and what we sell through the derivative market.
 So effectively, the gains that we could have made
 from the recent sharp increase in TTF versus brands,
 those gains are neutralized by the derivatives.
 So if you exclude
 These derivative margin accounts, which are temporarily, the free cash flow was a healthy $260 million in the third quarter.
 This is all from my side, Othello.
 We'll now take your questions.
 Thank you.
 To ask a question, you will need to press star 1 on your telephone.
 In the interest of time, we ask participants to limit their questions to two each.
 to withdraw your question
 please press the hash key
 Please stand by while we compile the Q&A roster.
 Thank you.
 Your first question comes from the line of Biraj Bokhatra from RBC.
 please ask your question
 Hi there. Thanks for taking my questions. Apologies, I cut off. This might have already
 being covered, but two questions.
 The first one's on the Shellder distributions.
 You mentioned a number of times about the temporary nature of the margining impact.
 So as we're thinking about your full-year dividend, is it fair to just strip that number out
 and then run the calculation on that CFO phone number.
 And then the second question is on what you mentioned on gas sourcing.
 You highlighted some contingency plans for gas sourcing in the fourth quarter.
 I was wondering what exactly that would entail.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Biraj, and then thanks for your question.
 Look, I have to say that, you know, we have said up to now that we're just going to do a
 mathematical calculation on the supplementary dividend, and we will do a mathematical calculation
 on that
 and depending on that
 working capital build
 We'll see what that yields.
 What I think we're saying here is there will be, we've agreed with the board,
 that there may well be a discretionary element that we will add to that.
 I can't tell you today how that will be calculated
 or what that will be, but I think
 You know, what we're indicating here is that we think this is very much a one-off issue
 and the shareholders shouldn't be penalized for it.
 So, you know, more to come on that one.
 On the gas sourcing, I think this is about we are having some issues with our gas supplies
 and, you know, with the current gas markets, as you might imagine,
 replacing and buying new cargoes
 can be really expensive
 So we're very much looking at the demand side of that
 and seeing what we can do to reduce our own use as well, to be honest with you, Barrage,
 and to see how we can mitigate any potential sourcing constraints we get in the quarter.
 So, you know, we're turning every stone and would be very reluctant to go and buy new
 volume to the kind of spot prices we're seeing today, to be honest with you.
 Okay, thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Alessandro Pozzi from Mediobanker.
 Please ask you a question.
 hi
 Good afternoon.
 thank you for taking my questions
 the first one is on the upstream guidance I believe in Q2 you mentioned
 we would have been a bottom end of the guy of the Ranger for 2021, but you maintain it.
 And I was wondering how she would think about maybe the exit rate in Q4.
 and maybe if you can give us maybe some key dates for 2022.
 I believe the startup, of course, South is one of them.
 and maybe if you can give us an update on that one as well.
 That's my first question.
 I think
 thank you
 Alexandra, for your question.
 I think I'll hand over to Tori to talk about the upstream position.
 thank you Andy
 so with respect to the upstream production
 and the guidance for the fourth quarter.
 I think you can expect the production that is very similar to the one that you've seen in the third quarter.
 that's our key guidance to you
 With respect to 2022, that's a bit early.
 Let's revert to 2022 at the Cap and Markets Day
 when we have consolidated all our numbers and analyses for next year.
 with respect to Coral
 the project is going
 extremely well
 and
 now it's very
 visible that we will have a sail away
 from Korea
 in the middle of
 middle of November
 then it sails to
 Mozambique
 for the offshore commissioning
 And in our plans, we have first gas in the second half of 2022.
 too. Thank you.
 Okay, thank you.
 The second question on renewables, I think part of your strategy is to farm down some
 your positions in certain assets and given the spike in electricity prices do you think this is
 potentially happening sooner rather than later and yeah in general i was wondering
 if they can give us an update on potential disposal opportunities there.
 Is that sassy? Thank you for your comment.
 what I'd like to
 just
 say is that what we're doing
 is we're building a portfolio
 we talked about 4.7 gigawatts
 we're continuing to build the portfolio to give us more options
 to make sure we are delivering the gross capacity of the full gigawatts.
 In terms of our sell-down strategy, you know, clearly we haven't yet got firm plans of when we're going to kick that process off.
 So we're diversifying the countries we're working in.
 With our announcement, now we're moving into Brazil.
 but there will be a moment when we will
 Both look at some sell-downs, particularly when we de-risk the projects.
 but also, you know,
 look at what time
 what timing we would take
 some more PPAs
 because we're entirely merchants at the moment,
 which is obviously good with the current prices.
 but over time I think we will want to position
 more in the long-term
 markets. But nothing
 definitive to say
 at the moment, so thank you for that.
 Just a follow-up on Brazil, do you expect to sign PPA for the new asset?
 market? Yeah, I mean
 Brazil has quite attractive
 index linked
 both public
 you know
 So both open commercial and government PPAs that we can take part in.
 but it also has a very attractive merchant market at the moment.
 We probably will plan to do a bit of both
 to get a strong underpinning for the project
 but then to enjoy some of the upside in the merchant market.
 At the moment in Brazil, there has been quite a significant drought,
 which is putting some distress into the electricity system.
 and therefore I think they will be very welcome
 for us to build some more renewable capacity there
 and take part in the electricity growth that they are seeing in that country.
 I think they have an ambition for something like 40 gigawatts of renewable capacity by 2030.
 So a very attractive market for us to participate in.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Michael Oldsford from City.
 please ask your question.
 thank you
 Good afternoon.
 I mean, I've got a couple, just firstly on the upstream.
 I was wondering whether you could update us on when we might expect a new development plan for 2P,
 which could help offset the declines that we're going to see from the field
 I guess in the next year or so
 And then secondly, just to follow up on the gas sourcing question from earlier,
 I appreciate you're looking at mitigating the cost impact of the gas sourcing in Forky,
 But I don't know if you could maybe look out a little bit more into 2022,
 too, and why do we not still see, I guess, a headwind around the costs associated with
 with buying that gas for more of a medium-term impact on the business and energy management.
 Thank you.
 So firstly, can I ask Sori to talk about the cloud volume for 2P?
 Sorry.
 Thank you, Andy.
 So the work with the new plan for operation and development on 2PN,
 RSM is actually going really well in the partnership.
 It is significant work already done.
 I think the document is now in the order of around 900 pages.
 the expectation
 and full intention
 from the
 partnership is to deliver this plan
 to ANP by the end of
 end of this year
 So that's the forecast, and the plan seems to be being robust.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, so on the gas sourcing,
 Kind of early to talk too much about 2022.
 clearly we
 we want to build more
 flexibility
 into our position in terms of, you know,
 I think for us, the lessons learned a bit
 we did hedge 100% of the volume
 and I think going forward we're going to have to look to give ourselves a bit more flex
 if we do have supply restrictions.
 you know
 I'm quite optimistic about the long term.
 We've got venture LNG coming in 2023, and I think we can position that in the market, hopefully, in a strong, profitable basis.
 so no specific guidance on 2022
 The only thing I can say is we've secured the regasification here in Portugal
 without the premium that we paid up to the end of Q3.
 So going through 2022, we'll still enjoy a lower cost of regasification of the LNG that is delivered.
 but I think we've now got
 a much better handle on
 our ability to respond to any supply shortfalls, particularly looking at some of our own use
 and how we can build more flexibility in that balance over time.
 Great, thanks, Andy.
 And just a follow-up on Toro's point on the fuel development plan in TP.
 is there a prerequisite
 that you need to get a license extension.
 And if that is the case, how is that going in terms of that negotiation?
 Thank you.
 without going into too much detail on this Michael
 but you can expect that we will have several elements into this plan
 And some of the elements in the plan will also then be requiring a license extension, correct?
 So we are expecting that there will be some discussions going in before the whole plan is firm.
 We are looking for a 20-year-plus extension on the field life, actually.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Sassikant Chilakuru from Morgan Stanley.
 please ask your question
 Hi.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 I had two, please.
 The first one was related to Brazil production.
 last quarter you talked about preventing maintenance
 is impacting production uplift in the second half of 2021.
 Just wanted to check if you could comment
 on the progress here.
 Is the maintenance activity completed in CQ
 or is it still persisting into the fourth quarter?
 The second one was related to your shareholder distribution policy.
 Again, last quarter, you mentioned that you're reviewing the option of using buybacks.
 I was just wondering if you have breached the decision on that
 or will we see the increase in the shareholder distribution
 all reflected in the additional dividend.
 Thanks.
 Let me just start with the second.
 what I have said
 and what we are doing
 is looking at
 and consulting
 with shareholders around
 buybacks versus cash
 dividends and that work is
 where I'm going.
 So I have nothing to report on that at this stage, but just to reaffirm, you know, we're looking and consulting with the various shareholders about that.
 On the Brazil production, I'll hand over to Tor in a second.
 I think, you know, one of the difficulties that we've had, and actually, you know, we see this in other parts of the world as well, where through COVID, clearly there was a maintenance backlog increase.
 but also a delay in hooking up wells,
 a delay in doing workovers
 And so I don't think this is constrained just to Brazil.
 but sorry anything more to add on
 the normalization of the situation
 in Brazil.
 So, Sassi, we are moving in the right direction still, however, being constrained.
 just to give you
 sort of one indicator
 while the POB was restricted around 60% of the capacity
 has now increased a bit
 So we are around 80% of POB capacity on the different installations.
 so we have more hands on the deck in order to work with the backlog.
 it's not being worked systematically
 and we expect that there is two units
 that is scheduled for maintenance in the fourth quarter of this year.
 always picking up but there is a backlog and that will take some time to to be sorted out thank you
 Thank you everyone.
 Your next question comes from the line of John Rigby from UBS.
 please ask your question
 Hello, thank you for taking the call, taking the question.
 I think this is for Felipe, actually.
 is I noticed the sort of step up
 contribution from renewables
 obviously with the high electricity
 price is and that sort of
 flows through from your proforma
 with Dar into, mainly into
 associates as you've noted
 Can you just help and run through the sort of how both the earnings and then also the cash flow cascade kind of works into your income statement, into your consolidated accounts?
 So I'm particularly interested maybe where you're doing refinancing.
 Does that reappear back in your cash flow statement as a dividend or as a divestment?
 and just wanted to sort of understand
 what the allocation
 and priority of cash flows would be to paying interest
 versus paying dividends back to yourselves,
 paying back some of the capital on the loans, et cetera.
 So if this makes sense, some sort of map of how cash flows and earnings work back into your business, if that's possible.
 Good morning, John.
 I don't think what we are doing
 and we'll do is different from what we've done with other associates
 or what everybody else does
 so you have unconsolidated entities
 are currently generating more cash.
 So that cash goes to pay project finance and OPEX, of course, and whatever is left under the financing agreement, as long as you comply with the up-service code ratio, then you distribute the cash as dividends.
 and when you use .cash for CapEx.
 but we will show the numbers growth.
 So all the cash that comes to GALP comes from, in the cash flow statement, as a dividend income, and CapEx will be gross.
 So the money goes back into projects for expansion.
 On the P&L, what you see is the share of profits.
 It's an accounting number, share of profit, that goes under associates in the P&L.
 So because we have very long-term funding, you know, the one we've just closed as an 18-year maturity, we do expect, depending on power prices, of course, we do expect significant cash flow monies coming in over the next few quarters.
 Yeah.
 Okay, cool.
 That makes sense.
 Can I just ask a follow-up question?
 just on Mozambique
 it's really about the
 onshore project itself
 and not really about the delays or visibility around that.
 can be actually quite high or very high,
 although scope 3 sort of full life cycle can be relatively competitive
 and clearly there's some advantages in terms of clean air
 where you're using the gas to generate electricity, et cetera.
 Does that present a problem for you
 in the context of your plans around going to lower emissions and to net zero
 in terms of being a participant in that project?
 Or is there plans ultimately to physically deal with the carbon that will be emitted as part of the process of liquefying the gas?
 Thank you.
 Thanks, John.
 and I'll be asking Tori to follow through.
 Clearly, our net zero position is 2050, a long way off.
 particularly gas, as you know, particularly in an Asian context,
 replaces coal, so it's
 positive but we
 are very focused on what the scope 1
 and two emissions of the LNG plant being designed.
 So, I mean, Torrid, do you want to explain some of the things we're looking at?
 I'll do that.
 Thank you, John.
 So, yes, actually, one of the things that is being looked at as the product now is being revised,
 and we're using this time
 in order to see how we can
 optimize it further
 one of the things
 that also then is looked into
 is how to reduce the CO2 emissions from the plant.
 And with that in particular mind, what you just mentioned, John.
 So that is one of the factors that is now being put on the drawing board.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Giacomo Romeo from Jefferies.
 Please ask your question.
 Good morning.
 Good afternoon, actually, and thank you for taking my question.
 I have two
 left on my list
 and the first one is
 if you can talk a little bit more about
 the size of the
 Brazilian renewable opportunity
 and sort of what sort of
 sort of
 pipeline beyond the
 the sort of capacity that you announce, you see.
 and the other question still on renewables
 is if you can give an update on how the search for the new CEO role is going
 and when do you expect to sort of have an update on that?
 Okay, thank you for the question.
 Look, the Brazilian pipeline is a significant one.
 We've announced our participation in two projects
 of total 600 megawatts.
 But we are looking at a much bigger funnel of opportunities there,
 both in solar
 and some in wind as well.
 but no deals done yet
 but we continue to look at how we can expand away from that position.
 Look, we have selected someone to be the new CEO.
 we haven't gone public on who that is yet
 but just to say that
 that process has gone well.
 I'm very excited about the individual that we will be able to announce
 that we'll take that business to the next level.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Stone from Barclays.
 Please ask your questions.
 Thank you.
 Thanks. Hi, good afternoon. Two questions, please.
 first is just a clarification on the dividend again
 You mentioned there's going to be some discretionary elements, but you've quantified the year-to-date number of 400 million euros of what you're losing on these temporary derivatives.
 So would you not be able to know exactly what that number is at year end and just add it back?
 And then a comment on that is why not change the structure
 to be linking your dividend to the operating cash flow
 ex-working capital
 you might
 It might create more simplicity in the structure.
 and then the second question
 on the upstream production run rate
 as you're going through the rest of the year.
 You mentioned the maintenance backlog is improving,
 but it looks like quarter and quarter volume is looking pretty flattish.
 maybe just
 how much are you losing in production
 used for this maintenance issue and stuff like how much is to play with when we're going
 to next year
 and thinking about
 what might come back.
 Thank you.
 Thanks, Josh.
 I don't want to give any definitive guidance
 on how we will calculate the supplementary dividend
 we believe it will be partial
 we have
 permission from our board to say that
 this will be considered
 but no clear mandate on the magnitude of that.
 And when we look at our mechanism, we use CFFO because normally managing working capital is quite a bit of hard work in terms of managing stocks and everything else.
 I mean, this is a distinct one-off that we really couldn't control.
 but actually
 not only affects the FFO,
 Oh, it affects net debt.
 So both those parameters
 are affected by this one-off margin account build.
 But I'm not in a position today to give you a definitive calculation method for how that supplementary dividend will be calculated.
 We'll have to see how the rest of the year plays out, what the macro, what our OCF is,
 how strong the company is at the end of the year
 before we declare what that supplementary dividend will be.
 I think I'll hand over to Tori
 to talk a little bit about
 what we've seen in terms of shut-in production
 and how much there is behind the pipe there.
 Thank you, Andy.
 thank you Josh
 So, when it comes to maintenance, it's a part of life.
 That's the natural part of the way we do the business.
 So also going forward, you have to expect that we will have a periodic maintenance on the different units.
 in all of our operations.
 Typically, the chartered FPSOs have 10 to 15 days of maintenance every year.
 on the replicants
 we have a longer
 but more periodic maintenance, typically that is 20 days,
 but then only every three years
 It's done with more force and typically also connecting with the flotel
 so you have more people to contribute.
 So what I can say is that we expect going forward that maintenance will be more or less as we have guided before
 and have an impact in the production in the order of around 5,000 barrels per day.
 and that is the best guidance I can give you
 also going forward, Josie, on that.
 Thank you.
 if I could just follow,
 Are you able to say how much the impact is this year so far versus the 5,000 barras a day?
 So, Josh, actually, in front of me, I don't actually have that number in front of me.
 So, sorry, I can't answer that there now.
 I can get IR to follow up with you.
 Thank you.
 Thanks.
 MS.
 Thanks.
 Question comes from the line of Mehdi and Abati from Bank of America.
 please ask your question
 Hi, so good afternoon all.
 Thanks for taking my questions.
 Sorry, if my questions have already been answered.
 I have some issues
 with the connection.
 but two questions
 on my side
 first regarding
 you know your gas
 sourcing issues.
 can you tell us
 if you could get some compensation from your insurance
 as it seems you are not
 receiving contracted natural gas
 from some players.
 or maybe, you know, explain to me again why you can't get any compensation, please.
 and
 And given the natural gas price development, should we expect a significantly higher negative
 impact in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter, just for us, you know, to avoid,
 let's say a big
 negative surprise please
 And the second question is more about, you know,
 petrologal
 dividend pay to sign OPEC.
 So it seems you didn't pay any dividends in the third quarter.
 should we then expect
 two dividend
 to be paid
 in the first quarter
 or you just decided to skip, you know, the third quarter dividend.
 Thank you.
 Let me answer the first question
 and I'll ask Felipe to do the second and third.
 no we're indeed
 we're in intensive negotiations
 with our suppliers to try and mitigate any impacts.
 There are some penalties, but I have to say that they're a very small fraction
 of the difference
 between the spot price
 and the price we have actually secured for those volumes.
 So that really doesn't compensate the difference.
 but indeed it is a discussion we have
 and we're obviously working really hard
 to make sure that there is no interruption
 and we're able to supply our customers without missing a beat.
 So I can't give you any numbers on how much we would recover from any lack of supply.
 I can say we are in
 active discussion with them
 to make sure that they do supply.
 So, Philippe, second and third question.
 Hi, Mehdi.
 your question is on
 working capital in Q4
 and how does
 our TTF changed that
 if I understood correctly.
 no no
 I need
 no
 there's a
 The question was about Sinopec.
 Okay, yeah, that one I got.
 Okay.
 So on Sinopec, what we have agreed with Sinopec way back then is that free cash flows after paying all capexes are distributed out 30-70%.
 So, depending on the free cash flow, this year and next, and the following years, the rule is quite straightforward.
 so this year
 we're expecting
 a payment
 And so within fiscal year 2021, say 120, 100, depending on what the macro will do.
 And next year, it's not necessarily payable in Q1, is we'll look at what the cash flows for 2022 look like.
 and 30% of the free cash flows
 will be distributed out sometime during next year.
 Thank you.
 About the fourth quarter payment to SinoPEC,
 Should we expect it to be back to normal at 30-40 million?
 Again, it is not necessarily payable in the first quarter.
 So we paid the GALP shareholders in the second quarter, and we discussed with Senator Peck,
 depending on what the cash flows or CapEx commitments, the best timing of payments.
 so we have quite
 flexibility on timing
 off-payment, but within
 2022
 then it should be
 about 30% of the free cash flows.
 Understood.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Michelle Della Vigna from Goldman Sachs.
 please ask your question.
 Thank you
 It's Michele here.
 two quick questions, if I may.
 the first one I just wanted to check
 that color
 Coral FLNG because it's offshore
 would not be in any way affected by the security concerns
 that are lingering in Mozambique
 And then secondly, I was wondering if you had a chance to start looking at your business through the lenses of the EU green taxonomy and if you have an early indication of what percentage of revenue and capex would be taxonomy compliant for you.
 Thank you.
 Thank you, Michel.
 So on the coral security issues, largely this is well offshore,
 and therefore we believe outside the current insecurity.
 clearly shore bases exist
 but in places which
 where I think security is better guaranteed.
 So at this stage, we do not have any specific concerns around that,
 but we need to stay alert, of course.
 on the EU taxonomy
 I think it's early days for us to make any clear indications to the market
 about the proportion that would fall under that requirement.
 So at this stage, no update on the EU taxonomy.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Jason Kenney from Santander.
 Please ask your question.
 oh yeah thanks
 going back to Brazil
 and maybe a couple of the earlier questions.
 is the
 Brazil renewable asset base going to be consolidated or non-consolidated?
 Do we treat it differently from the Iberian renewable business?
 and what kind of capex do you think is needed to build out that brazil solar 2025 and if i may
 obviously you're looking at asset rotation
 in renewables
 and you've got this target of 12 gigawatts by 2030.
 and my best to assume
 around 50% of that would be net capacity for GALP 2030.
 Thanks.
 Thank you, Jason.
 And, I mean, I think, firstly, the way we're actually approaching Iberia as well,
 So the one gigawatt we've essentially added to the original ACS deal, plus Brazil, is that in the first instance, we develop it.
 and then only after the COD, when it's online,
 that we will sell down and deconsolidate it.
 So that is our current modus operandi.
 and clearly we will also
 finance
 these
 projects.
 So I think that's the way we will go about those projects.
 The CapEx, renewable costs have gone up a little bit globally in the last six, nine months.
 But, yeah, I won't give you any clear guidance,
 but anything between, what is it, $500,000 and $700,000 per megawatt
 would be in the ballpark of how much it costs to develop these projects.
 but we hope to get, you know,
 65%, 70% or more
 financing as well, so the equity
 contribution is
 is far lower
 And I think that also answers the asset retail.
 Yeah, the 12 gigawatts.
 Yeah, I think we will continue to, you know, we talked about essentially a dilution of 50% in our portfolio on the 12 gigawatt position.
 And we maintain that.
 I think this is all going to be based on opportunities
 on being able to maintain the
 deconsolidation
 and when we can
 rotate it so the timing of it
 when we can rotate those assets
 that we've derished them significantly,
 that we can sell down to a strategic investor
 in order to leverage up our own returns.
 So I don't want to give any firm indications
 when we're going to do it, how we're going to do it,
 but I think it's about a discipline that we want to instill
 within the renewable business
 about how we make sure that we do get
 and have an opportunity to get double-dedge equity returns
 on our renewable investments.
 No, that's great.
 Just to clarify, the $500,000 to $700,000, which is dollars.
 It's all right.
 See.
 Now, we're going to go to the next slide.
 Bye.
 ERA is...
 Here it is.
 Thank you.
 Okay, thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line
 of Ignacio Dominic from
 jbcapitor
 please ask your question
 yes good afternoon and thank you for taking my questions I have to my first
 question is on refining and the positive evolution of refining cash cost. Can you
 comment on what has been driving this trend and where should we see refining cash
 scores going forward and then my second question is on renewables I think you
 mentioned a generation was impacted by a transformer upset so my question is when
 When do you expect this issue to be reverted and if you would expect any compensation to
 to this, to this impact.
 Thank you.
 So let me start with the transformer issue.
 Clearly, this was part of the legacy in the joint venture we had with ACS.
 We've had 200 megawatts that have been out of capacity.
 we have
 and we're on the verge of putting 65 megawatts back in online
 to compensate for that.
 essentially a transformer that was allocated to a future project.
 that we've now retrofitted.
 clearly at this time of year
 and going forward with lower solar radiation,
 that really helps
 mitigate
 if not totally mitigate the losses we may get in the fourth quarter.
 but we have new transformers arriving
 to be installed just in the new year,
 early months of next year
 to have us completely ready
 to go once the sun comes back in
 Iberia for Q2 onwards.
 Now, when it comes to refinery cash costs, we've talked about driving down to $1.70 per barrel.
 clearly safety comes first
 and costs come second
 as we continue to emphasize to our people on the ground.
 but Tori, do you want to talk a bit about the cash costs
 and what we might see in Q4, particularly with also the work we need to do on the furnace.
 Yes, thank you, Andy.
 you're right
 to do
 overall
 ambition has been to drive down the cash
 cost and be in the area
 of slightly below $2 per barrel.
 however, as you know, we have had
 an operational issue in the
 atmospheric desolation unit
 which we will need to repair.
 The repair is actually ongoing as we speak.
 that will impact our cash cost for the fourth quarter and our current best estimate is that we
 will be spending around
 10 to 12 million dollars
 on those repair
 that will translate into the cash cost.
 So I guess the best guidance I can give you today is that the fourth quarter,
 You will see it around $3 per barrel as an indication for what the cash cost will be for the fourth quarter.
 We, however, believe that by this quarter we should be back into normal operation
 unless we are getting any surprises during this repair work.
 So all work is that this is completed during this quarter.
 Thank you.
 Your next question comes from the line of Raphael Dubois from Societe Generale.
 Please ask your question.
 hello thank you very much for taking my questions i have two left
 The first one is still about this working capital build-up, assuming that the TTF price
 stay where it is now.
 Can you give us a feel for what the working capital buildup could look like in Q4?
 and then I have
 another question
 about
 Renewables, you talk about 60 million euros of proforma EBITDA.
 can you tell us
 what utilization rate
 you assume, as well as the solar capture price that you assume as well. Thank you.
 So can I ask Philippe to answer the first question?
 Rafael, compare with what we have on the balance sheet on September 30, we have calendar 2022.
 TTF was training at about
 57 euros
 It is currently at 54, I think.
 So, given where we are today and where we stand, I would say it should get a bit better, but it is incredibly volatile.
 so it's very hard to call the shots
 on what
 December 31st
 And this is a daily mark-to-mark number.
 It varies every day.
 Thank you.
 Hi, Raphael.
 Yeah, just on this renewables question,
 at the moment to
 Well, in the Q3, we enjoyed about €110 per megawatt-hour as a solar capture price.
 Clearly, our generation capacity comes down in Q4
 as we get less sun
 but we will have about an extra 100 megawatt available online
 to enjoy whatever sun we do get in the fourth quarter.
 so
 you know
 That's really 28 million was the pro forma, Ebitdafer, for the Q3,
 to give you an idea of what kind of run rate
 Clearly, if we'd had the extra 20%, that would have been somewhat higher.
 So that's the current position we're in.
 Thank you very much.
 Your next question comes from the line of Matt Lofton from J.P. Morgan.
 and please ask your question.
 Hi, thanks for taking the questions.
 two if I could please
 First, I wanted to come back to the operational outlook in pre-salt Brazil and the earlier comments.
 Could you just share a sense of how the operational backdrop has evolved since perhaps the update you provided in the summer, where the sort of the maintenance backlog sits today compared to the middle of the year?
 and how long you expect it to be to work through
 before you get back to the normalized 5,000 barrels a day,
 plus minus of annual maintenance effect that Torr, I think,
 referenced earlier and then secondly just on price realizations in the upstream we've seen a wider
 the average oil and gas realisation discount, the headline Brent the last couple of quarters.
 I think you've highlighted softer pricing or more competition into Asia on the Brazil exports.
 How do you see the outlook there looking into 2022?
 Is it something that you still expect to be temporary and ultimately revert or something that could become more of a medium-term structural issue?
 Thank you.
 If I can just start, and I'll hand over to Tori to add on the Brazilian outlook.
 And we did quite a full analysis of what we produced this year
 versus what we'd hoped to produce this year
 and to try and understand what the key issues for the shortfall were.
 I mean, what we found was one of the biggest things is just how it takes a lot longer to hook up wells now,
 whether they're new wells
 or their workover activities that need to be done.
 done.
 We had also, and we've mentioned this issue about the riser issues and tests we've been
 doing on the
 corrosion, the stress corrosion, cracking
 and corrosion of risers.
 and Petrobras done a lot of work on that
 and that has an impact of a couple of points of availability at the moment
 and for a short time to come.
 And then there's the overall availability level of the various FPSOs that Torrey was alluding to.
 And then lastly, there's the reservoir performance.
 and I know a lot of people are being concerned about
 What we found is the reservoir actually performed slightly better than we expected this year.
 So I think there's some good use below the wellhead in terms of the reservoir itself.
 It's these compounded issues that we have above the wellhead
 that I think, you know, that Petrobras are working through.
 Any more to add?
 It's all right.
 No, I think, Andy, on the maintenance, I think you covered it well.
 it's actually to sum it up
 50% of the shortfall
 we have seen this year is due to delays
 and well connections
 and then there's another 20% that is related to delays and well workovers.
 So that really is capturing the majority.
 it actually has been slightly positive
 what has happened
 on the issue of stress corrosion
 we
 The inspection that was done over the summer actually proved to be better than anticipated,
 So that meant that a few producers could be put back in operations before expectations.
 So hopefully, and crossing fingers, that is now going forward in a good way.
 the long-term solution.
 However, that will take some time because that will require new materials to be qualified for that issue.
 So when it comes to the price realization, the market, that's very much dependent on the situation in China.
 We have seen that the Chinese market has been somewhat more difficult in the third quarter.
 so the discounts
 has had to be
 a little larger
 in order to place the volumes.
 Let's see what the role of the independent refiners in China will be going forward.
 that has a direct impact on
 that market and the outlook
 So we will stay with the...
 with the
 with this sort of
 same guidance
 that we have given you
 but expected to be for this quarter in the area of $8 to $10 per ampere barrel as a discount overall.
 and that's factored in
 which is very important
 what Andy also said in his speech
 in the beginning that our gas prices in brazil for the associated gas is actually capped at 55
 dollars
 So there's a limit to how much we can get on the gas side.
 However, that ends by the end of this year.
 so from next year
 we will actually
 dispose and handle the natural gas
 associated guys ourselves in Brazil
 and that should give us some more capturing a higher margin on that.
 Thank you.
 Your final question comes from Anish Katadia from Policy Advisors.
 please ask your question.
 oh hi
 I just had one question remaining.
 I think you touched on it slightly, but, you know, we're seeing evidence of quite strong
 inflation and it could be quite
 persistent inflation in the market.
 And I'm thinking about that both from the raw materials side of things, but also the potential for higher inflation and higher interest rates going forward.
 So I was just wondering if you could cover the impact of that in particular on the renewables business of those higher import costs coming through, but also from a financing perspective and a returns perspective of how you think that higher inflation and higher interest rates could potentially impact that business.
 Thank you.
 I'll ask Philippe in a second
 to talk a bit about interest rates.
 You know, I think one of the benefits of our joint venture that we secured with ACS was it locked in construction costs going forward.
 So we've largely de-risked, particularly with the 2.9 gigas
 that we have in that particular deal
 but what's interesting about these higher costs
 and perhaps the risk of higher interest rates is
 You also see a bit of a slowdown in people building more capacity.
 And, you know, as a result, that feeds into what we also see, particularly at the moment, is clearly pretty high solar capture prices.
 So I think these things have their own balance to them.
 we have
 pretty strong position
 and that we've de-risked the construction costs in our deal with ACS.
 But, Philip, do you want to talk a bit about the interest rates
 and how exposed we are to that.
 And it's because we project finance that the banks ask us for a very significant proportion
 of the funding to be swapped
 fixed rates.
 So we're fairly hedged on the funding costs.
 We've fairly hedged through the EPC contract we've signed with ACS.
 we are seeing unit capex prices going up.
 So everything is becoming more expensive.
 access to land interconnection, equipments.
 actually quite a number
 of auctions took
 place recently
 a number of bidders were betting on declining capex numbers and they've bid very aggressively so also
 to be seen how many of those projects
 will actually get funding and get off the ground.
 So we'll see less projects being built, more challenge for those that are not hedged.
 Having said this,
 we're seeing a lot of inflation on the price of the electrons that we see.
 So net-net, this is not necessarily bad for the projects in the short term.
 in the longer term
 well we'll see
 But GALP is mostly hedged.
 Thank you.
 Okay, I think this ends our session.
 Thank you for your time and for participating.
 We hope you find this update useful.
 The Investor Relations team is available for any additional clarifications.
 we will be on the road again
 from November onwards, so
 Really hope to meet you in person soon.
 Have a great day and a productive herding season.
 That does conclude our conference for today.
 Thank you all for participating.
 you may now disconnect.
 Thank you.