 Thanks, Andrew, and good morning, everyone.
 Today, we reported fourth quarter adjusted net income of $193 million dollars,
 earnings per share rose by 7% to $1.56 a share.
 These results include Virgin America from December 14th through December 31st, which
 she added approximately $15 million to net profit
 in the fourth quarter and full your results.
 Our full year adjusted net profit was, as Lavanya said,
 $111 million and earnings per share rose 12% to $7.32.
 the 13th consecutive year that we've reported an annual profit and the seventh
 year in a row that we've been profitable in every quarter, which shows the durability
 of the operating and financial model that we've created.
 We ended the year with...
 Aftertax ROIC have 21.3%.
 Our acquisition of Virgin America adds about three and a half billion dollars to the invested
 capital base, bringing the total invested capital about $7.5 billion.
 As a result, the trailing 12 month ROIC, which uses the average invested capital base over
 for the rolling 12 month period.
 will gradually fall throughout 2017 until we annualize the acquisition date.
 illustrate.
 If you simply took Alaska and Virgin America's full-year earnings for both companies for
 in 2016 and calculated ROIC using the $7.5 billion invested capital base, ROIC would
 be about 15%.
 We remain committed to producing returns that are well above our cost of capital.
 Our pre-tax profit for the quarter was $308 million, a $16 million improvement over prior
 here.
 in America had a $24 million of pre-tax profit offset by an $8 million reduction in pre-tax
 for the pre-acquisitioner group business.
 I might spend a minute wrapping up the final results for the pre-acquisition air group
 excluding the impact of two weeks of burden.
 As Andrew said, we were pleased with our fourth quarter unit revenue results.
 outside, chasm excluding fuel was about flat for the quarter, which was a bit better than
 guidance in early December before we close the deal.
 Our fourth quarter economic fuel cost per gallon
 was actually up year over year.
 the first time that's happened since the first quarter of 2013.
 looking at pre-acquisitionary group for the full year,
 I was really happy to see full year Kazamex decline by about 1% and I want to thank everyone
 for their focus on keeping costs low by being highly productive and maintaining a frugal
 mindset.
 Our long track record of slowly chipping away costs is a major driver of our strong results
 over the last several years
 and as a source of competitive advantage over higher cost legacy carriers that will allow
 I was to keep growing.
 I thought it might also share Virgin America's fourth quarter
 and full your results.
 to the fourth quarter, Virgin America recorded us
 on a standalone basis, pre-tax profit of $61 million,
 a 14% improvement over the fourth quarter of prior year
 for the full year Virgin America standalone basis
 The pre-tax profit was $244 million, a 14.7% pre-tax margin.
 I want to congratulate the team there
 on the really nice year we are improving it.
 Peter Hunt is here with us and would be happy to add more color to those results.
 Many have asked about...
 our reporting going forward, we'll give guidance on an air group basis, of course, with some
 for our limited guidance, for our mainline segment,
 which is going to include Alaska and Virgin America.
 The year-over-year comps will be muddy for the next four quarters to help investors understand
 what's really happening, we'll give guidance
 that has both a comparison between new air group
 and pre-acquisition air group, which will match our SEC reporting, but will also provide
 some color on what the changes represent had the business been combined on January 1,
 2016, as Andrew illustrated with the capacity guide.
 So let's turn the page to 2017.
 We expect Consolidated Chasm X to be about flat for the year on what would be an eight
 to have increased the new capacity in the marketplace.
 This is on a combined basis, as I said, assuming a full year of Virgin America in the base.
 positive side, we're already seeing good progress
 on our cost synergy goals,
 and there's also other purchase accounting adjustments
 will favorably impact the P&L in 2017.
 by about $50 million.
 Those favorable items will help offset the cost pressure
 we're facing, including the impact of a likely new engine
 services agreement at Alaska and an increase in engine overhauls and heavy checks on Virgin's
 We'll also have the impact of the new contract
 with our Alaska technicians assuming a ratified and higher pension expense.
 As Brad said, we're making great investments to our on-board product, and finally there's
 some ASM and cost headwinds associated with premium class, which does have a significant
 margin benefit as Andrew said.
 Overall, I like where our cost structure stands,
 and the results for 2017.
 given all that we have going on
 and the changes that are happening at other carriers.
 Turning to the ballot sheet, we ended the year with $1.6 billion in cash.
 Total cash flow from operations was $1.5 million, excluding merger-related costs.
 This marks our fourth consecutive year of operating cash flows of about a billion dollars or more.
 CAPEX for the year was just under $680 million, resulting in free cash flow of over $820 million
 X integration costs.
 We have a busy year with the fleet in 2017.
 At Alaska, we'll take delivery of 12 Boeing 737-900ER aircraft, which are absolutely
 fabulous airplanes. Those will backfill the remaining 10,
 737-400s that will all be retired by year end.
 We're also in the process of modifying three,
 Boeing 737-700 into freighters,
 which will replace the five 737-400 copies
 and one 400 freighter that we currently operate.
 Say that 10 times quickly.
 In the regional business, we're looking forward
 taking 18 E175s from Amber Air.
 At Virgin America, we'll take some number of the A321 NEOs.
 Virgin was planning on, but we're working with the left store on an arrangement where
 we don't take all 10 that are scheduled to be delivered over the next two years.
 Virgin America will be the worldwide launch customer
 for those aircraft, which will be configured with 185 seats,
 and we're very anxious to see how they perform.
 We're also planning more CAFPEX and non-aircraft related projects.
 For example, we're making a major investment into our facilities up in the state of Alaska,
 including a new hanger and significant remodels
 several own terminals.
 we're currently projecting 2017 CAPEX to be between $1.1 and $1.2 billion.
 During 2016, we returned $329 million to shareholders via $136 million in dividends
 and $193 million in share repurchases.
 I hope you saw today's announcement that we're again increasing the dividend by 9 percent
 to 30 cents per share per quarter.
 We've now increased the dividend four times
 since it was initiated, and it's been,
 and it's increased threefold in that time.
 to increase signals, our board's confidence in our plan,
 and our ability to continue to generate strong results.
 We ended the year with $2.6 billion of long-term debt
 with most of that being acquisition debt,
 including the impact of leases,
 Our year-end adjusted debt cap stands at 59%.
 well positioned if interest rates rise as half our total debt is fixed.
 We remain committed to the idea of being not just a great airline, but a high-quality
 business with a conservative ballot sheet.
 In that vein, we're going to continue to re-de-leverage until we hit our target of about 40 percent
 at the cap. So I would expect cash distributions to shareholders to be limited to the dividend
 and perhaps some modest opportunistic share buybacks.
 Overall, I'm extremely pleased with where we are today.
 We call it the biggest acquisition
 companies history without using any equity and did this while maintaining a strong investment
 It's a great balance sheet.
 This is a testament to the financial discipline that's part of the DNA of this company, and
 provides us with a strong foundation as we head into the future. And with that, let's
 Let's open it up to questions.
 At this time, I would like to invite analysts and journalists who would like to ask a question
 to please press star for the number one on your telephone
 We would like you to limit your questions to one question and one follow-up question.
 Hey, good morning.
 I'll take the first and then Mark can take the second on the fuel head strategy.
 First the dividend, and we've talked about this for several years, several years now.
 We want to have a track record of increasing the dividend.
 that's something that high quality industrials do,
 We want to be considered that as we looked, as you said, at our CAPEX plan for the year,
 our cash flow plan for the year.
 The dividend made sense and it's something that we're proud to announce and as I said
 in my remarks, it shows confidence on the part of the board
 in our plan going forward.
 Mark, you want to take the fuel engine?
 The 900-ish million is, I don't remember if it's new, but if it is, it really does demonstrate
 the power of the networks.
 I don't have the revenue breakdown at my fingertips,
 but that will be in the 10K.
 what's in passenger revenue and in other revenue.
 In terms of the profitability of the program, that's probably a longer conversation that's
 not going to happen on an earnings call. We can discuss that offline. What I will say
 is building customer loyalty and stickiness to Alaska slash Virgin America and that's
 for us where the power is. In terms of the profitability of each element, that's a little
 harder to get into.
 Joe, we're going to send you an application.
 No, we have not thought about that.
 We wanted to do this acquisition in a way that wasn't dilutive and we did it and I think
 So I don't feel it need to do that at all.
 Okay.
 Yeah, I think there's two questions in there one is a buy versus lease question
 been a big advocate of buying for a lot of different reasons.
 In terms of where the airplanes fit best operationally,
 We might get Ben to chime in on that because we're learning some things about that already.
 Eric DeBranden, the Virgin America did run at a much lower margin than Alaska and mathematically
 when you add the two together you get a lower margin or margin in between.
 In terms of where the business operates going forward,
 I think that's largely a matter of the economic environment,
 fuel conditions, competitive capacity, et cetera.
 I think Alaska's goal is to just be in a place
 or we're doing better than the industry.
 as on average, and I don't exactly know what that's going to be.
 but combined consolidated basis.
 So again, assuming Virgin America had been in the base for the full year, chasm is going
 to be flat year-over-year. We have about $50 million or so of net good guy in the base
 that resulted from purchase accounting and there's a variety of things in there, some
 positive, some negative, and then the rest of it would be what I would call core growth
 including the impact of premium class,
 which takes out ASMs and add some cost,
 But as I said, in my prepared remarks,
 very accretive to the bottom line, as well as the investments we're making in the on-board
 product system. I wouldn't call that inflationary growth, I would call that purposeful investment
 that we believe has a real payback in the Divertax liability,
 We actually carried over the ATL.
 Well, I'm going to let Chris Berry answer this.
 It's an accounting question.
 an accounting question.
 Hi, on the second question, I didn't quite follow it.
 Are you talking about non-fuel chasm or fuel chasm?
 For that flying, I mean those are great airplanes, but for that flying, that actually is a reduction
 in terms of ASMs per gallon, just because of the smaller gauge of those aircraft, where
 where you're really seeing the benefit
 is the exit of the 737-400s in replacement of the 900 ERs.
 37 more seats.
 Basically, they burn the same amount of fuel.
 It's a nice, nice, nice tailwind in terms of fuel efficiency.
 on the cost side.
 I forgot your question.
 Yeah, I mean, we're...
 I'm not going to tell you exactly the number, but I will tell you that we're really pleased
 with the pace that we're going on realizing those cost synergies, there is the obvious
 stuff baked in, headcount reductions, including the executive
 compensation that was in the base last year,
 but it's not just that, it's synergies
 that we've already realized in lots of different areas.
 and we'll give you more color on that in the next bit.
 We're well on our way.
 I'm going to let Shane Tackett answer that question.