 Is my corn yard a mic is on
 initially go to that, yeah. Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, let's take our seats.
 Let's take our seats, please.
 Hello, Ruby. I like your new suit.
 I can see. You're going to have to wait for a few minutes, all right?
 At 11 o'clock we will go on to the webcast, so we are not going to start yet.
 Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to a hundred graced in here in
 And welcome to any of our shareholders, analysts, and colleagues who are joining via the webcast.
 the webcast. How wonderful it is that after 18 months of significant struggle with COVID,
 we can once again get back together in one room.
 Obviously, we are socially distanced,
 But it is fantastic to welcome you to a haunted Grayston.
 Before I start, let me just say that we are going
 I want to talk about numbers today, which are obviously quite important.
 But this business is not only about numbers.
 our business is fundamentally about our clients
 and about how our people serve our clients.
 So I would like to acknowledge both for our clients
 for our people that COVID-19 has been devastating, a great challenge, but I'm glad that we have
 some
 COVID-19 and that we are now somewhat at the back end of it.
 So thank you to our clients for your support
 and thank you to all our 8,200 colleagues
 for delivering out of the ordinary to our clients.
 Our business is obviously about profit,
 but we are also about impact.
 And at the end of the day, hopefully you will see both profit and impact coming through.
 So at the end of today, I hope that you will appreciate
 that our business is fundamentally strong
 after a period where we went through a strategic simplification and refocus of the business.
 And also, that you will agree that we have a set of client
 franchises that are high quality and very resilient and that resilience will come through in
 the performance that we will be reporting today.
 I'm very, very proud to stand here on behalf of my colleagues
 and present these fantastic results
 that we're going to be talking about today.
 We've made significant progress over the last two years or so.
 and at the end of the presentation I hope you will agree with me
 that we are well poised to capture the opportunity for growth that we think lies ahead for our
 business.
 if we start by focusing for the next few minutes
 on the journey that we have traveled over the last two years.
 the journey to simplify and to focus the business.
 This journey started with the demersure of asset management in March 2020.
 The idea was to give each of the investors a 9-1, the freedom to pursue their strategies
 and growth prospects.
 And what a fantastic story it has been since March 2020.
 921 continues to fly, and investor has flown even higher.
 So we are particularly pleased about the decision
 to demerge 91, and of course Hendrick and the team
 had a fantastic set of results on Tuesday,
 and we are very happy as a 25% shareholder at those results.
 We exited as part of this journey
 to simplify our business.
 a number of subscale businesses, we exited territories also where we thought we couldn't
 compete. We also exited businesses where we thought the risk profile is no longer appropriate
 for us as we go forward.
 So today, I am particularly pleased that in our journey to simplify the business, the
 The Board has now taken a decision to distribute a 15% holding in 921.
 We can do so because our business continues to generate strong capital.
 Our business has the power through its franchises to continue to do well, and we also did commit
 to you that we will continue to optimize our capital stack.
 This is an important step.
 There will be other steps that will come in future.
 Just to put this in context, we've now distributed 70% of 91.
 at current market values.
 That represents a return to our shareholders
 of 1.7 billion pounds or approximately 34 billion rend.
 very proud that we can bring this to the conclusion that we have brought it today.
 In addition to simplification, we said to you that we will give the business greater
 focus.
 We will be focused largely on two geographies, on bank and wealth, and we will compete only
 in those niches where we can excel because we did not intend to be a bulge, bracket,
 bank as it were in our international markets.
 So we have to be excellent where we choose to perform that
 focus will be evidenced today by a growth in revenue of 30.5 percent, which we believe
 is quite fantastic.
 We also will be able to demonstrate through the results
 that we continue to exercise significant cost discipline
 Our fixed cost grew by 3.3 percent, and the rest of the increase of 11.7 percent obviously
 reflects variable expenses, in particular variable remuneration in line with the growth
 of 30.5% in revenues.
 Lastly, we are now at a point where we have a platform that is neat and tidy, a people
 that is motivated, and we look to capture the opportunity that lies ahead of us.
 So, going now to the results.
 Firstly, it is quite clear that there has been a significant rebound in the economies
 is in which we operate, and this has been quite helpful,
 although we do have some uncertainty as we look forward.
 looking at financial markets.
 Again, we have had supportive financial markets,
 So this will reflect in some of the growth
 that you will see in our funds and the management.
 And that also will be helpful in certain valuations.
 But if we look forward, global interest rates
 I've been at record lows, but we now are beginning to see the specter of inflation on the horizon.
 So going forward inflation is going to be quite a big item on the agenda with central
 banks having hoped that the signs of inflation that we saw were transitory, I think there
 There is now a real sense that this inflation may be anchored as we go forward, therefore
 we expect rates to go up as we go.
 Looking at the results, we are at a point where
 are operating profit at an adjusted level.
 Adjusted operating profit is now at pre-pandemic levels.
 So the recovery has been swift,
 showing the resilience of our client franchises.
 So we've seen good growth in the loan books.
 We've seen significant growth in funds under management,
 driven both by markets.
 net inflows and good investment performance.
 performance.
 at an adjusted earnings per share level we've seen growth growth of a hundred and thirty-five percent to twenty-six
 6.3p, very pleasing performance indeed.
 Our net asset value has grown at an annualized 9.3% to 479.2 pence relative to a share price
 of around 360p, there is still a gap that we still need
 to eliminate over the next little while
 as we execute on our current strategy.
 I return an equity.
 has been printed at 11.2%, we are now coming very close to our
 a medium-term range of 12% to 16%.
 Remember, we've had an interruption that has been
 caused by the pandemic.
 Pleasingly, our cost-to-income ratio came in at 64%
 relative to the prior period of 72%,
 driven by, obviously, a significant increase in revenue,
 but also characterized by the fact that cost control has
 been excellent. As we go forward, cost discipline remains an
 an important factor in the work that we do.
 If you look at the credit slots ratio at seven basis points, obviously a historic low driven
 by low specific impairments.
 the experience on the ground, is that we are not seeing
 much come through, albeit that we still
 see that the environment remains particularly uncertain.
 We also saw significant recoveries in this period
 on a net basis while there was some release
 in provisions given the improvement in the economic scenario.
 We did have a net increase in COVID-19 overlays
 given as we can see some of the uncertainty in the markets.
 The interim dividend doubled from 5.5p to 11p to reflect the confidence that we have
 in the performance that we have seen.
 I've spoken about the distribution of 15% of our holding in 91 on a per share basis that
 adds 35p to the 11p dividend that has been declared.
 Obviously, there are a number of regulatory and other approvals that we still need to
 procure and we do expect that within this financial year we will be able to
 to execute on this distribution.
 very pleased with, as I said, the return of capital to our shareholders.
 if we move to the next slide
 This is a depiction of the recovery in performance,
 And given the news on 91, we've also separated the contribution of 91 to our earnings.
 As you can see, the blue that is in Vestik has performed particularly well in terms of
 of recovery.
 So our confidence
 in our business and in our people is at an all-time high.
 the momentum in the business continues.
 So we look forward with a lot of confidence.
 looking at how this performance has been achieved,
 achieved, it is pleasing that we are firing on all cylinders.
 Starting off with the specialist banking business
 in South Africa adjusted operating profit increased by 69% in rents.
 Well done, Richard.
 And if you look at the wealth business in SA, 18% up in rents,
 Henry is on his way flying from,
 I think he's in Switzerland, actually.
 He comes in back tomorrow.
 Well done, Henry and team.
 group investments up significantly. And if you look at South Africa as the geography
 We saw adjusted operating profit up
 up 94% in pounds and 76% in rents.
 That is a fantastic achievement in an economy that has been struggling because we haven't
 seen economic reforms that we require to unlock the potential of the economy.
 So we are out doing the macro.
 So I'm really proud of our team in SA.
 The ROE in pounds for our South African business
 is now at 12% versus September 20.
 ARO E of 8.1% significant improvement overall.
 If you look at our UK business, we saw the Specialist Bank increase its profit massively,
 But in truth, this is just a continuation of the growth momentum that was in the business.
 And this momentum, as you know, in the prior period was interrupted by the losses that
 that we experience in our Finproge business.
 As we said in this results, the cost associated with both management of that risk and reduction
 of that risk were immaterial.
 so we can see a resumption of growth in that business.
 Our wealth business grew, adjusted earnings, operating profits rather by 46 percent, again
 a fantastic achievement by Kieran and the team.
 I forgot to acknowledge Ruth and her team for this stellar performance in the bank in
 the U.K. In this area of our business, we are still very small within the U.K. context.
 So the road forward is really rich with opportunity.
 South Africa, we are a big player.
 We have a strong brand and a strong presence.
 so we can fight our way even in an environment
 where the economy is not growing as we would like it to grow.
 so a pleasing performance by all our businesses at the same time.
 I'm not going to cover the next slide.
 that goes into the exact details of the performance of each of the businesses.
 I will leave that to our group finance director, Nishalin,
 to take us through that.
 But as I prepared to hand the mic to Nishlin to take us through the results, I want to
 stress again that we manage for profitability but we also manage for
 impact. We've just had COP26 over the last two weeks, and I'm pleased to see that the
 Path to net zero has become a lot more accepted around the world even though
 So the transition from a climate perspective will probably be a bit slower and a bit more
 costly than we may have desired.
 As that transition occurs, we also have to make sure that that transition is just and
 the social impacts of the transitional poor communities
 is well understood and invested.
 We continue to embed the thinking around climate change
 around sustainability goals.
 they're fundamentally into our business.
 We have a policy on coal.
 we have disclosed both exposures on coal,
 which as you can see is quite minimal,
 at 0.11% of our loan book.
 We also have disclosed fossil fuel.
 We are very proud of what we have achieved.
 We've also committed that going into the next AGM,
 We will give our scope three targets around the issues
 relating to climate change, so sustainability is core to us.
 As you know it, investors, we've always said,
 We are committed to creating enduring worth
 living in society and not offered.
 Nishland, you want to come up to just unpack the results
 in more detail.
 Thanks, Tish.
 Well, it's actually amazing just to be up here, hey?
 and to see so many familiar faces across.
 Let's hope it long may at last,
 and it's heading the right direction.
 So if we get into some of the detail,
 I think just a reflection, you know, again,
 And as Farni had highlighted, we did have some interruptions over the last financial
 year.
 totally through all of those interruptions and we've got to recognize that the journey
 is still a journey that one has to navigate through.
 But we're quite proud of the fact that both our geographies
 have contributed strongly in terms of these results.
 but South Africa contributing 59% of the operating profit
 and the UK contributing 55% of overall revenue.
 I think when we talk about the distribution of 15% of 91,
 when we look at the divisional contribution,
 The overall contribution from our group investment portfolio is about 5% of revenue.
 the actual portion of ninety one that we will be distributing accounts for about
 two and a half percent of that revenue.
 And we strongly have the view that we will grow into that
 as we move through time.
 I think through this period, both our wealth businesses
 and our specialist banking business, which I know we represent as a single bond, which
 which has multiple diversified business streams
 and revenue streams within it, you know,
 with that business contributing 72% of revenue,
 and 75% of operating profit, and our world business,
 23% of revenue and 17% of operating profit.
 Thank you very much.
 Now if we dig a little deeper, let's start off with our wealth and investment business
 in South Africa.
 I think the first point to note is a net $10.1 billion
 of discretionary funds and the management inflow in the period,
 which was really underpinned the growth in operating income of 22.6% in the period,
 We're representing higher average and new income and discretionary funds under management
 and the contribution from that particular base.
 In the period, we did experience increased brokerage as trading activity on the markets
 picked up over the period, and overall adjusted operating profit increased by 17.8 percent
 to three hundred and eleven million rent
 with the operating margin being achieved at 31.5%,
 which, yes, it did come in a little,
 and that's really driven by investment in terms of the platform and people, but still
 a relatively strong and respectable operating margin
 across the industry.
 I think it's also worthwhile noting that we've got
 continue to have sustained inflows into our offshore offerings.
 From the wealth and investments UK perspective funds under management grew to forty four point seven billion pounds over the period with net inflows of
 of 627 million pounds.
 We saw the operating margin improve for our U.K. domestic business from 20.6%, 20.5%
 to 26% over this period.
 And that's notwithstanding increased discretionary spend
 as well as continued investment in terms of the platforms
 and variable costs, obviously, following the improvement in profitability.
 I think, again, net organic growth in funds under management of 3% really supported by
 higher market levels over the period, organic growth in funds under management and favorable
 investment performance across the portfolio.
 moving on to the bank in South Africa,
 and core loans and advances grew by 3.4% or close to 7%
 from an annualized basis.
 and that experiences across our private banking business
 as well as our corporate business over this period.
 The private banking business obviously benefiting from the lower interest rate environment and
 the opportunistic nature of the client base, but again,
 continued good growth in terms of client acquisition,
 which bodes well for the future.
 in terms of our corporate and lending book,
 which grew by close to a 7% annualized rate
 over this period, that is within an environment in which we continue to see higher repayments
 as corporates continue to manage their excess liquidity on the balance sheet.
 Deposits growing by 6.6% in the period and I think, you know, some of the defensiveness
 that has been on the balance sheet through the COVID period, we will continue to grow
 into some of that defensiveness.
 It's very pleasing to report a 22% growth in overall revenue from 5.8 billion to 7.1
 billion over the period.
 And I think if we look at where that growth has come from,
 net interest income is a key driver in terms of the growth.
 with that interest margin really improving
 and us getting through the sharp decreases
 and interest rates that we saw impact
 the first three months of the prior year.
 that coupled with book growth, and continued efforts
 in terms of managing the cost of funds
 obviously a favorable environment that is that that continue to assist around
 fees and fees and commissions as well and and that's a split between annuity
 and deal fees and commissions for healthy growth.
 And that's really a return of activity.
 and it drives through in terms,
 particularly around our private client businesses.
 Investment income in this period
 actually had a slightly negative return.
 And that's really on the fact that we did not
 have any significant realizations in this particular period.
 The cost-to-income ratios improve from 55.4% to 49.7%,
 And that's off the back of continued management
 of fixed costs, which increased by 3.7%,
 and operating costs overall increasing by 9.1%
 well offset by a 21.6% growth in revenue.
 When we look at our UK bank, we are particularly proud of the growth in core loans that we've
 experience over the period and yes they have been some tailwinds that have
 assisted that, but the client acquisition remains constant and contributing to the
 and the line platform, with call-ons and advances
 increasing to 13.7 billion pounds or around about a 12.4 percent growth if you adjust for
 the fact that we had disposed of our Australian book back in March 21, actually.
 So a private client lending activity and book is actually up 19.6 percent and that's
 is largely driven by client acquisitions.
 Demand for corporate credit was strong over the period,
 And that's really tantamount to the economic recovery
 that we have seen in the market and in particular
 in the client spaces that we operate in.
 and around about 9.5% again, adjusting for Australia.
 From a customer deposit's perspective,
 you've seen that customer deposits haven't necessarily kept up with the growth in loans
 and advances, and that's really intentional,
 dealing with some of the conservatism that we built into the liquidity base to navigate
 the shopping markets that we've obviously operated through.
 Again, looking at revenue, overall revenue increasing by 20% from 273 million pounds to
 to 328 million pounds.
 as Fani had alluded to, you know, if we factor in that our structure products cost of last
 in terms of hedging and managing that particular portfolio was 53 million pounds.
 It was relatively immaterial at just over a million pounds in this period.
 And looking forward, you know, we continue to expect that that portfolio now which has
 which has significantly reduced because of positive markets
 and active management will continue to be immaterial
 as we look to the full year.
 The cost-to-income ratio has improved from 80.7% to 72.8% with overall operating costs
 is increasing by 8.1%.
 If you unpack the operating cost increases,
 and I will do so a little later.
 you will see that fixed personnel costs
 has actually reduced as we have gone through quite a significant restructuring in the business
 and we continue to see the benefits of the steps taken earlier.
 operating the cost-to-income ratio I've spoken through,
 And I think if we just unpack a bit of the revenue aspect,
 net interest income increasing by twenty four point six percent of the
 period is fundamentally driven by growth in the book as well as net reduction in the
 cost of funds in that business as well.
 I think again one has to adjust for the fact that we have exited our Australian business
 So there will be an impact on revenue and cost,
 and really adjusting for that you see a still of performance in terms of the
 online business.
 Group investment portfolio in terms of an overall carrying value of 834 million pounds
 generated income yield in the period of about 8%.
 91 which represents about 25% is in our books at around about 1 pound 60 which represents the equity accounted
 value of that investment relative to market value and therefore you do see
 that the current market value of our overall investment portfolio sits well
 above the book-caring value.
 From a distribution perspective, if we use the relative value that is on here from a
 an accounting perspective that's 240 million pounds,
 much more significantly when you're factoring the fact that it has a market
 value of just over 2.60 per share.
 So again, a pleasing recovery in terms of the return
 would return on equity for the overall investment portfolio
 10.1 percent, with us seeing an improvement in profitability in the underlying portfolio
 as anticipated in IPF, as well as an investing property fund also generating reasonable returns
 in this period would reduce momentum in terms of property write-downs that we had experienced
 before.
 So, coming back to the overall picture, if we look at revenue growing from 729 million
 pounds to 951 million pounds. Over the period you can see the drivers coming from three key
 areas and that is our net interest income growing by 30% really underpinned by the performance
 in our specialist banking businesses.
 Net fees and commissions improving by 19%.
 There are elements of moving parts in it, but the under the line momentum coming back
 into the business. Investment and associate income growing by 36% and that's really the
 the contributions coming from our investments
 in our associates, and trading income really represents
 the recovery of a non-repeat of the structured product costs that we carried in the prior
 period. Our overall annuity income closing at about 78.1 percent so if I go
 back to the graph. Obviously, we have to emerge our asset management business, which brings
 in capital life businesses.
 capital-like revenue, but within the specialist banking business as well as with, you know,
 the world business, there is still a healthy element of capitalite revenue in the platform,
 to the extent that we seek to utilize our excess capital,
 I think the focus will continue to be on capital light.
 Overall cost-to-income ratio for the group really driven by two factors improving to 64% and that's an improvement in revenue
 revenue, fixed cost increasing by 3.3% and an element of variable cost picking up, which
 which has driven operating costs increasing by 11.7%.
 The breakdown of our costs,
 premises has cost a bit more in the period.
 With some of our restructures,
 we have about three million pounds of excess cost
 that will not repeat as we move forward.
 The personnel cost is really driven by variable remuneration if we have to split that between
 fixed and variable, the fixed personnel cost has reduced over the period and variable following
 the revenue improvement. Business and marketing costs, obviously, following the
 the path that we are following post COVID environment.
 From an earnings drivers perspective, I think we're very encouraged in both funds and the
 management growth, as well as our core loans and advances.
 With funds in the management growing by 8.5% to 63.4 billion pounds over the period would
 net inflows of 1.5 billion pounds.
 and that again driven by favorable markets,
 investment performances in both our geographies.
 Coulons and advances has increased by 7.2% to 28.3 billion
 with customer accounts following closely.
 Breaking down our loan book, in South Africa our core loans and advances has seen growth
 of 3.4% or 6.8% on an analyzed basis, one will have to unpack the detail between these
 these various components, but the corporate book really
 experiencing growth of around about 7% in this particular period and our
 a high net worth book, that's on an annualized basis.
 our high net worth and private client book,
 continuing with elements of growth as we had seen in the second half of the financial year.
 From a UK perspective, again, the growth in terms of
 of core loans and advances being experienced
 across the portfolio.
 strongly supported by seventeen percent growth in in the mortgage book
 uh... six percent growth in our high net and specialized landing book
 And again, good experience of our corporate lending portfolios across the portfolios,
 including our asset finance and corporate and acquisition
 finance as well as power and infrastructure finance books.
 Coming to expected credit loss ratios, yes, we do have quite a low credit loss ratio in this period of seven basis points.
 that hasn't been primarily driven by releases of impairments,
 It's really driven by the fact that we don't have momentum in the current period on new
 impairments being raised.
 And that's two factors.
 number one
 is the level of specific impairments remained low,
 and that's reflective of the performance
 of our underlying client portfolios.
 and the strength of the underlying portfolios themselves.
 folios themselves.
 The second is we did have some heightened recoveries
 over the period.
 and that that recoveries is really driven
 post write-offs over the last couple of years
 and continued effort in terms of recovery of assets
 has paid off during this current period.
 and again with some clients recovering as markets opened up.
 we also have, you know, from a macroeconomic perspective,
 The pressure of raising impairments, as we saw in the second half of 2020, has completely
 disappeared, and that's as the forward look in terms of the macroeconomic environment
 has turned from negative significantly negative to positive.
 Now, like anything in life, I think we're still in a period in which trying to measure
 what the outcome is and to try to get to specifics on different portfolios is it's it's it's
 It's not a simple task, it's simply modeling.
 So we've continued to maintain post-model adjustment
 overlays, and in certain instances,
 we've increased some of our post-model adjustment
 overlays to take account of risks that are still prevalent.
 you know, if one has to, you know, understand that there has been interventions in markets
 and as those interventions work out the system,
 there may be elements of risk.
 The pleasing aspect to report on is we don't see any evidence of that yet.
 And, you know, we continue to experience a good overall outcome in terms of asset quality.
 From a South African perspective,
 Our credit loss ratio was four basis points with 108 million
 a rand worth of charge impairment charges relatively low over the period.
 I think if we go back to a pre COVID environment,
 our credit-loss ratio was about 18 basis points,
 and that, again, was significantly driven up
 up as we provided for risk on the balance sheet
 on a forward-looking basis.
 In South Africa, again, we have, to some degree, retained protection on the balance sheet,
 And we will continue to do that as long as there are levels of uncertainty which are
 not necessarily easily modeled.
 From a UK perspective our overall credit loss ratio at nine basis points
 In this book we did raise some of our post-model overlays to account for economic uncertainty.
 They have been model releases over the period and I think that's a consistent experience
 across the book, and when we get to ask the quality, you will see a continued strong momentum
 in terms of overall quality.
 annualized credit loss ratio, you know, coming down from 60 basis points in the prior period.
 So both in South Africa and the U.K.,
 material impact on the positive impact
 on the income statement over this period.
 from a balance sheet perspective,
 It's never easy to give you a simple analysis of the balance sheet because of the moving
 in parts, particularly around certain right-horses that we
 So for example, in the PLC balance sheet,
 the decrease of 101 million to 73 million of stage three provisions is really driven
 by right-offs over the period of about £40 million. Overall, the level of impairments
 raised on balance sheet, staying relatively intact.
 And from a South African perspective, again, some migration between stage two and stage
 H3 influences the analysis, but you can see from our overall coverage ratios, you know,
 There are movements in terms of coverage ratios,
 particularly for stage three.
 and that's really driven by the specific assets
 and the relationship with collateral.
 From an ROE perspective, we report an overall ROE of 11.2%
 with South Africa producing a 12% ROE and PLC to 10.5%
 5%, with both balance sheets utilizing around about 2.1 to 2.2 billion pounds of capital.
 The return on tangible equity at 12.1% representing really the return from our wealth businesses
 they provide quite a kicker into the ROT analysis.
 coming to the balance sheet and to our capital positions.
 positions. I think both the Investict PLC and Investict Ltd. are reporting robust capital
 positions.
 I think let's
 Let's just take a note that Investigate PLC reports
 on the standardized basis.
 And the 11.1% CET1 ratio is measured on a relatively
 conservative basis if one has to look at the density of risk weights to overall asset positions.
 and total capital ratio for PLC at 14.8%
 with a leverage ratio of 7.8%.
 From a South African perspective, we did see the CET-1 ratio improve from 12.8% to 13.9%.
 Part of that is a continued completion of our journey to ARB.
 We still have one material element which we refer to as capital required on our income
 producing real estate, which is not in this measure yet.
 So South Africa continues to operate at quite a significantly
 the height in CET 1 ratio.
 and that, to some degree, does have a challenge on RRE.
 but from an overall position perspective,
 strong capital ratios and strong position, you know,
 looking for a way to make sure that we have a strong
 looking forward in terms of both supporting growth and potential acquisitions.
 And at the end of the day, the distribution of 91
 in our view will have an immaterial impact
 on the overall capital position of the group.
 This slide just effectively takes stock of where we are against our medium term targets
 And I think I'm not going to repeat through all of it just
 to note that our distribution, or the 11p dividend,
 amounts to about a 41.8% payout ratio.
 Now, if we look forward, and again, I think one's got to recognize that we are looking
 forward in November to a March year end.
 the macroeconomic environment is improving.
 and we've seen that on all fronts,
 whether it's in the geographies that we operate in,
 all the businesses that we are operating.
 However, that recovery remains uneven.
 We'll be continued to be tested and I think in South Africa the risk of a fourth wave
 wave related to COVID-19, the level of vaccine rollout, and the general socioeconomic challenges
 remain concerns
 and in the UK as we see the effects of Brexit and the continued play out
 in terms of the repositioning of the United Kingdom
 relative to Europe, we may see some impact across some of our
 portfolios.
 From an earnings perspective, I think we are very pleased to report that we have increased
 our expected reported EPS targets or projections from 41P at the upper end that we had delivered
 as some guidance into the market to 48 to 53p
 for the full year.
 And that guidance is taken into consideration
 the lower impairments that you've seen
 this particular first half, but generally a continuation of the momentum of the business
 uh... as we have seen in the first half
 and the group remains committed to the targets
 that we have raised.
 So that's the finance section.
 and
 Funny, back to you to wrap it up for us.
 Thank you, Michelin.
 I'm sure as finance director, this must have been the easiest set of results to present.
 the results are fantastic, representing an incredible business.
 That's why Michelin can today revise upwards the guidance for the year, in terms of just
 the DPS to 48p to 53p.
 Well done, Nish.
 Just in closing, it is important to note that we have
 strategic clarity about the business.
 We are an international banking and wealth management group
 group with two home geographies of the U.K. and South Africa, we are fundamentally committed
 to supporting our clients in their journey of growth.
 And that growth over time is transformational.
 We have a rich history and heritage in private banking,
 in wealth management, in corporate banking,
 in investment banking.
 We are a niche player.
 We excel in what we do, and we continue in our two geographies
 to see significant opportunity.
 In South Africa, we operate at a large scale in all the businesses that we operate and
 We are a standard set in terms of the businesses that we operated in the UK.
 we have refined our business and the niches we operate in.
 and we continue to see significant scale build up.
 As I said earlier, during the day, we have significant opportunity for growth.
 Three years ago, we committed to investing in the private banking offering in the UK.
 You have now seen the level of growth that we have achieved in that business.
 Ruth presented in May, she went through those areas of that market where we have chosen
 to compete and the path to growth is particularly significant.
 On the wealth side of the UK, as I said, both bolt on at the lower end and consolidation
 type of opportunities remain.
 And we have a people that is empowered by a culture that gives them the freedom to operate
 high levels of trust for our people,
 Well, and people have a spirit of enterprise.
 a act like oneness of the business
 and deliver innovative nimble solutions to our client.
 And as I say, we offer out of the ordinary,
 both in terms of service, in terms of product, and innovation.
 So, as we move forward, we have strategic clarity, we have a focus business resulting
 out of that, we are confident as a people and we have a level of ambition that drives
 outlook.
 The next slide I'm not going to cover.
 It goes over the same factors.
 over the last two years, we have looked at a framework
 to
 to drive improved business performance,
 despite the fact that we were interrupted by COVID,
 we have been able to show significant traction
 in identified growth initiatives,
 we have made significant progress with respect to a cost
 Discipline.
 spoke about what we have done there in terms of these results, and that Jenny continues,
 They also have been significantly making progress around capital discipline, the distribution
 initially of 55 percent of 91.
 And now today, 15% has announced, and the path towards ARB, which we'll see as have
 that even higher levels of capital in South Africa,
 the reduction in the investment portfolio in SA.
 So we're excited about our ability to grow and as I said earlier on, we can distribute the 15% because we have an
 An engine that generates strongly capital and we are allocating that capital in the best way.
 we know how as we go forward, we have to continue to invest in our operating
 platform.
 So the idea of investing more in both our technology and digitalization to make sure
 that we can provide continued high-tech backed and supported
 at the same time by high touch.
 that investing is known for is really important. So we're going to be investing
 in the business and we will deliver as we do so a connected ecosystem from a client perspective
 but also a leveraged operating platform as we move forward.
 So we're excited about the work we have done,
 and you can begin to see the results.
 Just taking stock of what we have been doing.
 When we started in FY 2019, in March,
 We recorded 48.7p of adjusted earnings per share.
 Of course, we had for 11 months IAM, now 91.
 We are now guiding to 48 to 53 P in terms of adjusted EPS, significant progress as we
 go forward. Obviously,
 in the 48 to 53p.
 We've made some assumptions about when we will distribute
 the 15% of 921.
 total operating income is now at 952 and again you can see that progression. Total costs
 At just under 600 now, you can see that if you double that,
 you will actually be better than you were in FY 2019.
 If you look at a weighted average number of shares,
 We committed in 2019 at our mock-a-day that we will rein in any issues of shares that
 Overall, the direction of travel will be to maintain, if not reduce, the number of shares
 out in the market.
 with grown, ordinary shareholders equity,
 as you can see.
 and we continue to make,
 We haven't made as much progress in terms of reducing the investment portfolio given
 the environment, but initially indicated to you what distributing 91 means, so that are
 Our capital levels are strong.
 In South Africa, once we get the remaining portfolio on to advance, Richard will not
 sees to complain about the drug of excess capital on returns in the business, but that's
 It's a good problem to have rich, I will say.
 In the U.K., we're on standardized.
 We are now setting our sights as we go forward
 on looking to go on advanced, as Nichelin says,
 And if you look at risk density, you will see that we have a capital base that is particularly
 very conservative, and both liquidity and capital are very strong to support our growth
 going forward. So in conclusion, we see the business being positioned to capture opportunity
 as we go forward.
 of their identified organic growth opportunities
 that we have talked about before,
 and Richard can talk about those next time.
 We have the opportunity to showcase our brilliant South African business, bank and wealth.
 I made an example of investment in the UK banking business.
 In business, we can talk about the investing life opportunity that we have here in South
 Africa that we have invested in.
 So we've got executable and scalable growth opportunities
 within our current business.
 We obviously are leveraging a client ecosystem as I indicated,
 And we also are looking at strategic partnerships
 where we could work with partners
 to provide services and products
 to the relevant part of their client basis.
 There will always be some opportunities
 for bold-on acquisitions.
 And in particular, in the UK on the wealth side,
 that particular space will continue to develop and provide
 opportunity. With the advent of the demajor of asset management from 2020
 March, we did say that the composition of our revenues shifted significantly more into
 to capital intensive banking revenues.
 So strategically, we would like to rebalance that.
 So, both on the banking side and the wealth side,
 we would look for the opportunities
 that are capitalite and there are lots of those on banking.
 for instance, transactional banking services
 South Africa that we are ramping up on the business side
 would be one such example.
 So the rebalance of the revenue mix
 is an important strategic driver
 of the work we do as we go forward.
 Also, because 91 was larger in the UK than it was in SA,
 A geographic mix has also changed somewhat.
 So as we go forward, we will look to drive a better
 geographic mix. As I said, as we go forward, we've got to invest for growth and our investment
 technology will reflect not only business as usual, but more how we support growth.
 So we feel confident given the results,
 in the momentum, in the business, and given what our people are feeling and the level
 of engagement with our existing clients and our ability to attract new clients.
 to my colleagues, proud of what you have achieved,
 happy to take questions.
 you want to come up, take a seat,
 and then we can bet on questions.
 Where's Tesh? Where do we start Tesh? We start in this building, right?
 Ruby, you are back, so I'm going to give you the opportunity to go first.
 As I said earlier today, I really like your new suit.
 You shoot yeah, thanks
 Sorry, the mute.
 Thanks, Mr. Titi. I have one question, please, regarding the page operating cost analysis.
 Uh-huh.
 states that costs increased by 11.7% and one of the reasons refers to increased discretionary
 spin.
 There is a component there called business, which went up 11 million.
 exactly what is business.
 At least you tried to explain but you don't unpack a little.
 Yeah, I was looking at Malay in the crowd.
 At the end of the day, business is a combination of costs, so it will include travel, it will
 include some of the spend in managing the buildings
 and managing the infrastructure that we have across the geography so marketing and marketing
 Thank you.
 It's a little separate from it, but overall, business expenses are really...
 It represents the supportive expenses, you know, and it includes, to some extent, audit
 fees and other aspects of running the business.
 Thank you.
 Yeah, good morning.
 Hi, Rani.
 Thank you so much.
 You're very welcome.
 myself. My name is Barry, I'd just like to know on a question of management you
 or distributing the 91 shares, would you not use those funds to reduce the shares in PLC
 because the business in the UK is much reduced and there is a fortune of shares outstanding
 that has basically been fed from South Africa.
 In all days it was meant to be even.
 That was one.
 The second question, investing, wealth and management, is run as a separate company as
 I understand it's not wholly owned by Investec and then I'd like to know what the net asset
 then you're the last staff trade wars of each year.
 Thank you.
 Okay, I'm not sure why you say that,
 Investing wealth and investment is run as a separate business in South Africa starting off there
 Again, we have an integrated platform.
 The country head, Henry, obviously runs the wealth business.
 We have the same operating platform as it were.
 the client facing part of it.
 obviously will always be separate.
 in the UK, which is probably where you may be referring to,
 the wealth business, we owed 100% of it.
 this also it used to operate completely independently in terms of infrastructure, marketing, HR
 and the like. So the client facing part of it still operates separately. It's an investment
 business, not a banking business. What we have done is the infrastructure side, HR,
 HR, the buildings, marketing, we've centralized those because those you can, you can actually
 centralized, spending on technology around telephone systems, and they're likely used
 so for instance have different ones.
 You used to have, essentially, if you phoned in from the bank in the U.K. to the world
 business, you would be regarded as an external one.
 So the operational side of it we have rationalized
 without closing off the
 the strategic possibility that we could merge that business at another stage with another
 business. So very, very happy with the quality of that business as we go forward.
 Again, on both sides of the scale, we own 100% of it.
 If we were to consolidate, obviously we could either buy completely on a Bolton basis or
 or we could merge with another party,
 in which case we could be below 100,
 as we did with Rensbeck Shepherds,
 but we are an owner of the wealth business.
 It's integral to our strategy.
 So we wouldn't be selling, and we would, over time,
 I hope to go back to 100% control.
 With respect to the DLC structure,
 you want to take that?
 Yeah, so a couple of quick points.
 number one is we've remained active in terms of acquiring shares, so for example our treasury
 stock has increased from just over 80-odd million to about 90-odd million.
 I think if we look at the distribution of 91, we've been quite clear that the level
 of surplus capital in South Africa is much higher.
 So that distribution will have a skewed impact on South Africa, which will be well supported
 by the underlying capital base.
 and to an extent we will retain the majority
 of the remaining stake from a UK balance sheet
 that gives us optionality.
 So as we look forward.
 I think there are certain restrictions in terms of the DLC structure that would restrict
 to our ability to use capital generated in SA in the UK.
 As you say, two-thirds of the shares are PLC.
 being a third, if you think of our total
 register a third limited, two-thirds PLC, but in the
 In the PLC you've got INPs and you have those PLC shares owned by South Africans, a third
 a third, a third. But there are certain restrictions. As you can imagine, as a management team,
 We continue to apply our minds as to how we could address the fundamental logic behind
 your question.
 generally agree with the fundamental logic behind your question. They are structural
 legal impediments to that.
 Thank you.
 Okay, nothing in the building. Steven, I'm not giving you
 you a chance to ask a question. I can see you getting excited a bit.
 We're going to go to the chorus call, I think.
 I think.
 All right, so we have a question from...
 No question.
 No questions. Okay, shall we go to the webcast?
 There's one question.
 Oh, sorry.
 Clearly my hearing is not as good as I would like it to be.
 You'll let's hear it.
 You can get me, um...
 Yeah, thanks very much for the presentation and congratulations on the strong results.
 I've got a couple of questions.
 Firstly, just what was the reason for upgrading your earnings card
 happens quite recently after you've had your pre-closed brief and is it mainly due to
 low cost of risk credit losses or were there other drivers of that so that's the first
 And then secondly, in terms of your ROE target of 12% to 16%, you can't be sitting at 11.2%,
 but that's a particularly low credit losses or cost of risk.
 What would be the levers to increase the RRE?
 Do as in the 12 to 16% range.
 You're going to give it a try, haven't you?
 Yeah, sure.
 I think our committee drilled that.
 on why we were so off our forecast
 because we delivered that forecast to you on the 18th,
 I think, of September.
 And it was really a factor of all the businesses.
 So you had certain transactions
 that closed out ahead of expectation.
 Credit losses, to the extent that we had factored in certain thought processes, the economics
 actually continued to improve and head in a direction that we had to factor in in terms
 of finalization. And the reality was, you know, this happens now and again, but every
 single business had contributed to the push above our particular guidance.
 So there's nothing specific to pull out as an absolute driver.
 And then if you're looking forward in terms of ROE,
 Yes, I agree with you in terms of the credit loss ratio, but I do think one's got a factor
 in the nature of investing's business.
 And at the end of the day, the expectation that we'll continue to operate at, you know,
 you know, whether that's 30 to 40 basis points or 25 to 35 basis points will finalize that
 calibration as we look forward because our asset quality is talking to a low
 low impairment expectation as we look forward.
 but what's fundamentally gonna drive us moving forward
 is number one is the slide that Fani had highlighted
 at the very end, which is the organic growth
 in the business and that's really the funds under management as well as client acquisitions
 and there are particular drivers within both our banking businesses and our wealth businesses
 that are targeting particular growth areas
 that are spread across the client pools that we operate in.
 and will continue to engineer and work in terms of driving those.
 Number two is, you know, we're starting to move out of the pandemic environment.
 And the world is obviously with challenges, but we anticipate seeing the momentum of the
 business to continue to take in.
 Number three is probably an element of capital efficiency
 that we are going to have to bring in and whether that is deployment in terms of acquisitions
 or whether that is as you've alluded to in terms of managing the total number of shares
 that's an exercise that we continue to apply ourselves across.
 I think what we had said was, with the advent of COVID, we had set a medium term.
 I think that was in May, would have been two to four years given the recovery in the economic
 landscape despite the uncertainty. I think you would be looking at these medium-term targets
 more to close it to the lower end of the two to four range,
 given the introduction of COVID.
 I think our businesses have proven to be very resilient,
 high quality, and as I said, in each of the markets, we have
 executable opportunities for growth.
 And as I said, watch that UK bank as it continues to build scale and relevance with clients
 and watch also the improvements that we have seen in the UK wealth business and, as I said,
 in South Africa you have standard-setting businesses across the
 And, yeah, we are confident about where we are.
 And thank you for your congratulations on this set of results.
 As I said, our people bust their guts to serve clients, and these results are a consequence
 of what we do for clients.
 Any further questions from the webcast?
 Okay.
 Quite a few questions from the webcast. So there's three questions on 91. I'm going to combine them
 The first one is from Chris Stuart, 91.
 Please can you give some insight as to the impact
 impact on the capital adequacy ratio
 of the proposed distribution of the 15% of 91,
 The next one is from Mark DeToy.
 Will there be any tax payable by investing on the distribution of the 15% in 1991 and
 The last one is from Jonathan Berry, who is a private investor, concerning the distribution
 of 15% of 91, quoted as being worth around 35p per share.
 Will this distribution be made in the form of shares or cash?
 Funny, you're happy for me to get through it.
 I think the first point I would make is that we will issue a circular which will detail
 All of the steps are to be followed and whether that's tax consequences or the actual structure
 From an overall perspective, given the regulatory treatment of 91 in a banking balance sheet,
 We carry significant deductions against the underlying investment.
 So particularly in the UK, we will see virtually no impact
 in terms of the underlying CET-1 ratio, and in South Africa, that will be a number that
 is well-managed within our overall capital base itself.
 In terms of the question around the nature of the distribution, well the way I think
 of it is we demurge 55%, we now add in 15% on top of it. And when we finalize it, it
 it, it will follow through the similar process that we had gone through at that point in
 time.
 It's going to be in shares and the consequences of how you deal with that as a shareholder is in your hands.
 There is a path to follow.
 There are certain things that we have to get right in terms of how it is structured, so
 As I've highlighted, in due course, there will be a circular and a process that will
 will be followed in terms of the distribution.
 we did consider whether we should sell the stake
 to distribute cash.
 But that was not the most beneficial to our shareholders.
 we did consider that as an option.
 But the option that we're looking at in our view, having done the work, will be the most
 beneficial.
 details still to be processed for us to get to a point where we can give you a chapter
 in terms of the mechanics, the impacts around text, et cetera, et cetera.
 But we're doing a lot of work with it.
 I mean, obviously, with a distribution,
 shares going back into the market, we will work with our colleagues at 91 to make sure
 that if any shareholders have, as much as they want of 91,
 we can help in working with them to absorb any overhang
 that may develop. And by the way, we will remain a shehuld in 91% to 10%. So it is in
 in all our interest in the shareholders of 91
 to make sure that we can manage the distribution
 as effectively as possible.
 Nish Capital Impact, from Chris Stewart.
 I thought I'd tell you that earlier, so...
 Did you?
 but actually no impact from a PLC perspective,
 And, well, you know, I can mention it.
 I think we expect around about a 1% impact
 on the South African capital ratio.
 Okay, thank you.
 So, if you have a few more questions,
 to now call in from risk insights.
 has taken a number of initiatives towards improving on ESG.
 However, from a competitive advantage,
 perspective, how do you see yourself using ESG to differentiate from the market? How
 long will it take for the market to see this differentiation and where would it be reflected?
 I think we generally, in the South African environment,
 seen as a leader in the space.
 Obviously, there are risks associated with, in particular, climate, which every financial
 services group. In fact, every business has to understand.
 and economies and industries have to understand the risks
 and opportunities that are attended to climate change and ESG specifically.
 So in a banking business, there are specific opportunities in terms of either raising
 certain funds or investing in certain renewable assets, and we do have exposure already.
 and over time reducing fossil fuels.
 The way we see it is, obviously,
 is the highest common content at the moment.
 Our policy would be to support coal only to the extent in South Africa that we are dealing
 with ESCEM because without ESCEM and electricity the social side of ESG would be a problem
 for the country, in fact, the economy would collapse anyway.
 So we look in there for transition,
 and we would look at it, yes, as a transition fuel,
 better than coal but in the long-term steel high-carbon and obviously renewables will be
 the final solution on the, so that there's a lot we can do
 do on the bank side in terms of opportunity. With respect to our investment business, even
 In there, we have a number of opportunities in terms of related products.
 By the way, on the funding side of the business, there are certain advantages that are beginning
 to arise, depending on your level of ESG progress.
 we have raised a number of sustainability loans,
 an example.
 This is a big issue for the world in terms of risk, but from a business opportunity.
 Those businesses that do not take this stuff seriously are likely to suffer some disadvantage
 as we go forward.
 excited about the opportunities I set in the presentation.
 We are looking to embed even further sustainability thinking inside of our business.
 Mark Dottoy from Oystercatcher, what are the growth opportunities in wealth UK business?
 Do you expect the contribution to profit
 from banking versus wealth to be closer to 50-50 in time
 from the current 72-28.
 Look, it would be a foolhardy of me to try to predict composition of prophets in the
 long term, the strategic intent is to increase capital
 light revenues as we go. And we really focused on that. We had a board meeting yesterday
 and some of our directors will say, let's see how we can measure that progress as we
 go forward. So it's something that the board has a significant interest in, but it's progress
 is that we will report as we go with respect
 to specific opportunities.
 So Mark will know that we couldn't comment on data sets.
 But specifically there are two types of opportunities in wealth, one being Bolton, one to five billion
 pounds of assets and a management and the other being at the larger scale, where, obviously,
 validation has to happen. That's driven by
 ...
 opportunities of the benefits of scale driven by certain
 cost drivers like technology, regulatory, et cetera,
 etc. are driven by business model changes. For instance, they need to go more into financial
 planning as opposed to just investment management. So there are industry trends that work in
 in favor of consolidation.
 So we will stay close to those developments.
 We will always make sure that if we do participate,
 we will do so on a basis that is strategically
 commission is sensible to our business.
 So there's two final questions.
 Chris again from nine to one.
 any guidance on progress as to the disposal of the IAP equity investment portfolios.
 We continue to work on the overall reduction of the investment portfolio.
 We are not going to dump any assets.
 These assets are valuable.
 And as the environment improves,
 I think the opportunity for us to realize a specific asset for good value will increase.
 So patient with our high quality assets, but also understanding the need from where we
 to allocate capital much more effectively.
 I won't talk about a specific asset.
 I'm sure Chris will appreciate that.
 Last question, Sipa Lele Mdudu from Matrix Fund Managers, well done on the great set of
 results, given these low credit loss ratios, are you not worried at all about the consuming
 environment, which sectors are so much more in your watchlist?
 How soon do you wish to get to your RRE target?
 What would it take you to get this sooner?
 and how do you plan to keep these ROEs within your targets?
 Maybe he wants to come to the board meeting next time around.
 Because it's just too detailed.
 We set to get to our targets.
 we set medium term two to four years while we were still looking at a different scenario around
 COVID, Australia, probably more to the lower end of that range in terms of timing. There are many
 initiatives that both myself and
 and Nislin talked about around where we think we can improve performance as such.
 I mean, the questions are a bit too detailed to address
 in an announcement of this nature.
 One more.
 My goodness, we are firing also in this from a business perspective.
 with mouth stories and investor.
 Congratulations on your very good performance.
 aren't you feeling disposing of your interest in 91? What is the merit of
 of having a minority holding of 10%.
 Okay, if I could just remind Miles
 about the strategic logic behind this.
 We said that we wanted to sell 10% of 91
 to bolster our capital stake in the UK.
 That is what we said very clearly at the time.
 When we demurged markets, we were very volatile.
 One is about, I think, traded at around 1.40.
 It took the view that it was too cheap.
 we wouldn't, as I said about assets in the investment portfolio,
 we are not into dumping assets or selling assets cheap.
 So we took the view that we will not sell.
 So the strategic intent around the 10%
 It remains that it is part of the capital stack of the UK business in saying that I've almost
 giving you too much information around the structure of how we intend to distribute the
 15 percent.
 then you can do some arithmetic, not even maths.
 So our intent hasn't changed.
 We are not looking to do anything that we haven't said.
 we had clearly signaled that 15% is access to our requirements.
 And now that we are emerging significantly from COVID,
 we think the time is right to return that 15% to our shareholders.
 I hope that makes sense.
 Okay, I think that's the end of the presentation again.
 Just to repeat, we are excited about where we are.
 I'm very proud of my colleagues for producing this level of results, and as I said, I'm
 Our business is about clients, fundamentally.
 And while we manage for profit, we also manage for impact, and we look forward to the next
 six months, and the next six years, the next 15 years,
 although Richard and myself may not be there in that time.
 Stephen, you had 40 years to run.
 I don't think we have that much ahead of us.
 So we're looking for a fundamentally strong business that has high levels of profitability
 and returns, but lives in society, not of it, and makes good impacts.
 Thank you so much for your interest in attendance.
 See you in another six months.
 Is that it, Nish?
 Yep, and Mark.
 Thank you so much.