 Is mic on? Yeah, our mic is on.
 initially we go to
 that yeah
 Thank you.
 Ladies and gentlemen, let's take our seats.
 let's take our seats please
 hello Ruby
 I like your new suit.
 I can't see
 you gotta have to wait for a few minutes all right
 at 11 o'clock
 we will go on to the webcast
 So we are not going to start yet.
 You
 Ladies and gentlemen, good morning and welcome to 100 Grayston here in Sandton
 and welcome to any of our shareholders, analysts and colleagues
 who are joining via the webcast.
 how wonderful it is
 that after 18 months
 of significant
 a struggle with COVID
 but we can once again get back together in one room.
 obviously we are socially distanced
 but it is fantastic to welcome you to
 100 Greyston.
 So before I start, let me just say that we are going to talk about numbers today, which are obviously quite important.
 But this business is not only about numbers.
 Our business is fundamentally about our clients and about how our people serve our clients.
 So I would like to acknowledge both for our clients and for our people that COVID-19 has been devastating, a great challenge.
 But I'm glad that we have survived COVID-19 and that we are now somewhat at the back end of it.
 So thank you.
 to our clients for your support
 and thank you to all our 8,200 colleagues
 for delivering out of the
 ordinary to our clients
 our business is obviously about profit
 but we are also about impact
 And at the end of the day,
 hopefully you will see both profit and impact
 coming through
 So at the end of today, I hope that you will appreciate that our business is fundamentally strong
 after a period where we went through
 a strategic simplification
 and refocus
 of the business and also
 that you will agree that we have
 a set of client franchises
 that are high quality
 and very resilient
 and that resilience will come through
 in the performance that we will
 be reporting today. I'm very, very
 proud to stand here
 on behalf of my colleagues and
 present these fantastic
 results that we're going to be talking about
 today. We've made significant
 progress over the last two years or so.
 and at the end of the presentation
 I hope you will agree with me that we are well poised to capture the opportunity for growth that we think lies ahead for our business.
 if we start by focusing for the next few minutes
 on the journey that we have
 traveled over the last two years, the journey
 to simplify and
 to focus the business.
 This journey started with the due measure of asset management in March 2020.
 the idea was to give each of Investec
 a nine-to-one
 the freedom to pursue
 their strategies and growth
 prospects. And what a fantastic
 story. It has been
 since March 2020.
 91 continues to fly
 an investor has flown even higher
 So we are particularly pleased about the decision to de-merge 9-to-1.
 and of course Hendrik and the team
 had a fantastic
 set of results on Tuesday, and we
 are very happy as a 25% shareholder
 at those results
 we exited as
 part of this journey to
 simplify our business
 a number of subscale
 businesses, we exited territories
 also where we thought we couldn't compete
 We also exited businesses where we thought the risk profile is no longer appropriate for us as we go forward.
 so today I'm particularly pleased
 that in our journey to simplify
 the business. The board has
 now taken a decision
 to distribute a 15% holding in 9 to 1.
 we can do so because our business
 continues to generate strong
 capital, our business has
 the power through its franchises
 to continue to do well
 and we also did commit to you
 that we will continue to optimize our capital stack.
 this is an important step
 There will be other steps that will come in future.
 just to put this in context
 we've now distributed
 70%
 of
 91
 at current market values
 that represents a return to our shareholders
 of 1.7 billion pounds
 or approximately 34 billion rand.
 Very proud that we can bring this to the conclusion that we have brought it today.
 in addition to simplification
 we said to you that we will
 give the business greater
 focus
 We will be focused largely on two geographies,
 on bank and wealth
 and we will compete only in those niches where we can excel
 because we did not intend to be a bulge bracket bank as it were in our international markets.
 So we have to be excellent where we choose to perform.
 That focus will be evidenced today by a growth in revenue of 30.5%, which we believe is quite fantastic.
 we also will be able to demonstrate through the results that we continue to exercise significant cost discipline
 Our fixed costs grew by 3.3% and the rest of the increase of 11.7% obviously reflects
 variable
 expenses in particular
 variable remuneration in line
 with the growth of 30.5%
 in revenues.
 lastly we are now at a point where we have a platform that is neat and tidy
 a people that is motivated
 and we look to capture the
 opportunity that lies ahead
 of us.
 So, going now to the results.
 firstly it is quite clear
 that there has been a significant rebound
 in the economies in which
 we operate
 and this has been quite helpful
 although we do have some uncertainty as we look forward.
 Looking at financial markets, again, we have had supportive financial markets,
 So this will reflect in some of the growth that you will see in our funds and the management.
 and that also will be helpful in certain valuations.
 but if we look forward
 Global interest rates have been at record lows, but we now are beginning to see the specter of inflation on the horizon.
 So going forward, inflation is going to be quite a big item on the agenda
 with central banks having hoped that the signs of inflation that we saw were transitory,
 I think there is now a real sense
 that this inflation may be anchored
 as we go forward, therefore we expect rates
 to go up as we go
 Looking at the results, we are at a point where our operating profit at an adjusted level,
 adjusted operating profit
 It is now at pre-pandemic levels.
 so the recovery has been swift
 showing the resilience
 of our client franchises
 So we've seen good growth in the loan books.
 We've seen significant growth in funds under management, driven both by markets, net inflows, and good investment performance.
 it didn't adjust it
 and in spiritual level
 we've seen growth
 growth of 135%
 to 26.3p.
 very pleasing performance
 indeed. Our nearest value
 has grown at an annualized
 9.3% to 479.2 pence
 relative to a share price of around
 360p, there is still a
 gap that we still
 need to
 to eliminate over the next little while
 as we execute on our current
 strategy.
 Our return on equity has been printed at 11.2%.
 we are now coming very close
 to our medium term range
 of 12% to
 16%. Remember, we've had
 an interruption that
 has been caused by the pandemic.
 Pleasingly, our
 cost to income ratio
 came in at 64% relative to the prior period of 72%,
 Driven by, obviously, a significant increase in revenue, but also characterized by the fact that cost control has been excellent.
 As we go forward, cost discipline remains an important factor in the work that we do.
 If you look at the credit loss ratio at seven basis points,
 obviously a historic law
 driven by low
 specific impairments, the experience
 on the ground
 is that
 we are not seeing
 much come through
 albeit that we still see that the environment remains particularly uncertain.
 we also saw significant recoveries
 in this period on a net
 basis
 while there was some release
 in provisions given
 the improvement in the economic scenario
 We did have a net increase in COVID-19 overlays, given, as we can see, some of the uncertainty in the markets.
 the interim
 dividend doubled from
 5.5p
 to 11P
 to reflect
 the
 confidence that we have in the performance
 that we have seen
 I've spoken about the distribution of
 15% of our holding
 in 91 on a
 pair-share basis that
 adds
 35p
 to the 5.5
 Sorry, to the 11p dividend that has been declared.
 Obviously, there are a number of regulatory and other approvals
 that we still need to procure, and we do expect that within this financial year
 we will be able to execute on this distribution.
 very pleased with as I said
 the return of capital to our shareholders.
 if we move to the next slide
 this is a depiction
 of the recovery in performance
 and given the news 191
 we've also separated
 the
 contribution of 91
 one to our earnings.
 as you can see the blue that is invested
 has
 performed particularly well
 in terms of recovery.
 so our confidence in our business
 and in our people
 is at an all-time high.
 the momentum in the business
 continuous
 so we look forward with a lot of confidence
 looking at
 how this performance
 has been achieved
 it is pleasing that
 we are firing on all
 in this. Starting off with
 the specialist
 banking business in South Africa
 adjusted operating profit
 increased by 69%
 in rents, well done Richard
 and if you look at the wealth
 business in SA, 18%
 up in rent
 Henry is on his way flying from, oh, I think he's in Switzerland, actually.
 he comes in back tomorrow
 Well done, Henry and team.
 group investments up
 significantly and if you
 look at South Africa as
 geography, we saw
 adjusted operating
 prophet up
 94% in pounds
 and 76% in rent.
 That is a fantastic achievement in an economy that has been struggling
 struggling because we haven't seen
 economic reforms that
 we require to unlock the potential
 of the economy.
 So we are outdoing the macro.
 so I'm really proud of our team in SA.
 the ROE in pounds
 for our South African business is now at
 12% versus
 September 20 ROE
 of 8.1%, significant improvement
 overall. If you look at our UK
 business
 we saw
 the specialist bank
 increase its profit massively
 but in truth this is just a continuation of the growth momentum that was in the business
 and this momentum as you know
 in the prior period was interrupted
 by the losses that we experience
 in our Finprod business.
 As we said in this results, the costs associated with both management of that risk and reduction of that risk were immaterial.
 So we can see a resumption of growth in that business.
 Our wealth business grew adjusted earnings, operating profits rather, by 46%.
 Again, a fantastic achievement by Kieran and the team.
 I forgot to acknowledge Ruth and her team for this stellar performance in the bank in the U.K.
 In this area of our business, we are still very small within the UK context.
 So the road forward is really rich with opportunity.
 In South Africa, we are a big player.
 We have a strong brand and a strong presence so we can fight our way even in an environment where the economy is not growing as we would like it to grow.
 so a pleasing performance
 by all our businesses at the same time.
 time. I'm not going to cover the next
 slide, that goes into the exact
 details of the performance of
 each of the businesses, I will leave that to
 our group finance director
 Michelin to take us through that.
 as I prepared to hand
 the mic initially to take us through the results
 I want to stress again that we manage for profitability, but we also manage for impact.
 we've just had COP26
 over the last two weeks
 And I'm pleased to see that the path to net zero has become a lot more accepted around the world,
 even though the transition
 from a climate perspective
 will probably be a bit slower
 and a bit more costly than we may have desired.
 as that transition occurs
 we also have to make sure that that transition is just
 and the social impacts of the transition on poorer communities is well understood.
 Investec, we continue
 to embed the thinking
 around climate change around sustainability goals that are fundamentally into our business we have
 We have a policy on call.
 we have disclosed
 both exposures on call
 which as you can see is quite minimal
 at 0.11% of
 our loan book
 we also have disclosed fossil fuel
 we are very proud
 of what we have achieved.
 We've also committed that going into the next AGM, we will give our scope three targets around the issues relating to climate change.
 So sustainability is core to us.
 As you know at Investec, we've always said,
 We are committed to creating enduring worth, living in society, and not of it.
 Nishlin, do you want to come up to
 just unpick the results
 in more detail.
 Thanks, Nish.
 Wow, it's actually amazing just to be up here, hey, and to see so many familiar faces across.
 So let's hope it long may it last, and let's head in the right direction.
 So if we get into some of the detail, I think just a reflection.
 You know, again, as Fani had highlighted,
 We did have some interruptions over the last financial year.
 We're not totally through all of those interruptions,
 and we've got to recognize that the journey ahead is still a journey that one has to navigate through.
 But we're quite proud of the fact that both our geographies have contributed strongly in terms of these results.
 with South Africa contributing 59% of the operating profit
 and the U.K. contributing 55% of overall revenue.
 I think when we talk about the distribution of 15% of 91,
 One, when we look at the divisional contribution,
 The overall contribution from our group investment portfolio is about 5% of revenue.
 The actual portion of 91 that we will be distributing accounts for about 2.5% of that revenue.
 and we strongly have the view
 that we will grow into that as we move through time.
 I think through this period, both our wealth businesses and our specialist banking business,
 which I know we represent as a single bar on this,
 which has multiple diversified business streams and revenue streams within it,
 You know, with that business contributing 72% of revenue and 75% of operating profit,
 and our wealth business
 23% of revenue and 17% of operating profit.
 of it.
 Now, if we dig a little deeper, let's start off with our wealth and investment business in South Africa.
 I think the first point to note is a net 10.1 billion RAN
 of discretionary funds under management inflow in the period,
 which has really underpinned the growth in operating income of 22.6% in the period,
 representing
 higher average annuity income
 and discretionary funds under management and the contribution from that particular base.
 In the period, we did experience increased brokerage as trading activity on the markets picked up.
 over the period.
 and overall adjusted operating profit increased by 17.8% to R311 million,
 Rand, with the operating margin being achieved at 31.5%, which, yes, it did come in a little,
 and that's really driven by investment in terms of the platform and people,
 but still a relatively strong and respectable operating margin across the industry.
 I think it's also worthwhile noting that we continue to have sustained inflows into our offshore offerings.
 from the wealth
 and investments UK perspective.
 Funds under management grew to £44.7 billion over the period,
 with net inflows of 627 million pounds.
 We saw the operating margin improve for our U.K. domestic business from 20.5% to 26% over this period.
 and that's notwithstanding increased discretionary spend as well as continued investment
 in terms of the platforms and variable costs, obviously, following the improvement in profitability.
 I think, again, net organic growth in funds under management of 3%
 really supported by higher market levels over the period,
 organic growth in funds under management, and favorable investment performance across the portfolio.
 Moving on to the bank in South Africa,
 call loans and
 advances
 grew by 3.4% or close to 7% on an annualized basis.
 and that experience is across our private banking business
 as well as our corporate business over this period.
 The private banking business obviously benefiting from the lower interest rate environment
 and the opportunistic nature of the client base.
 but again
 continued good growth
 in terms of client acquisition, which bodes well for the future.
 In terms of our corporate and lending book,
 which grew by close to a 7% annualized rate over this period.
 And that is within an environment in which we continue to see higher repayments
 as corporates continue to manage their excess liquidity on the balance sheet.
 The deposit's growing by 6.6% in the period,
 And I think some of the defensiveness that has been on the balance sheet through the COVID period,
 we will continue to grow into some of that defensiveness.
 it's very pleasing to report
 a 22% growth in
 overall revenue from $5.8 billion to $7.1 billion over the period.
 And I think if we look at where that growth has come from,
 Net interest income is a key driver in terms of the growth.
 with net interest margin
 really improving
 and us getting through the sharp decreases in interest rates that we saw impact the first three months of the prior year.
 that coupled with book growth
 and
 continued effort in terms of
 managing the cost of funds and obviously a favorable environment that continue to assist around that.
 fees and commissions as well
 And that's a split between annuity and deal fees and commissions, so healthy growth.
 and that's really a return of activity and a drive-through in terms,
 particularly around our private client businesses.
 Investment income in this period actually had a slightly negative return,
 And that's really on the fact that we did not have any significant realizations in this particular period.
 The cost-to-income ratio has improved from 55.4% to 49.7%,
 and that's off the back of
 continued management of
 fixed costs
 which increased
 by three
 0.7%
 And operating costs overall increasing by 9.1%, well offset by a 21.6% growth in revenue.
 video.
 When we look at our UK bank, we are particularly proud of the growth in core loans that we've experienced over the period.
 and, yes, there have been some tailwinds that have assisted that,
 but the client acquisition remains constant
 and contributing to the underlying platform.
 With core loans and advances increasing to £13.7 billion, or around about a 12.4% growth,
 if you adjust for the fact
 that we had disposed of our Australian book back in March 20, March 21, actually.
 Our private client lending activity and book is actually up 19.6%,
 and that's largely driven by client acquisitions.
 Demand for corporate credit was strong over the period
 and that's really tantamount to the economic recovery that we have seen in the market
 and in particular in the client spaces that we operate in.
 and around about 9.5%, again, adjusting for Australia.
 From a customer deposits perspective, you've seen that customer deposits haven't necessarily kept up with the growth in loans and advances,
 and that's really intentional, dealing with some of the conservatism that we built into the liquidity base
 to navigate the choppy markets that we've obviously operated through.
 Again, looking at revenue, overall revenue increasing by 20% from £273 million to £328 million.
 bonds. As Fani had alluded to,
 you know, if we factor in that
 our structured products
 costs of last year in terms of hedging and
 Managing that particular portfolio was 53 million pounds.
 It was relatively immaterial at just over a million pounds in this period.
 And looking forward, you know, we continue to expect that that portfolio now,
 which has significantly reduced because of positive markets and active management,
 will continue to be immaterial as we look through the full year.
 The cost-to-income ratio has improved from 80.7% to 72.8%,
 with overall operating costs increasing by 8.1%.
 Now, if you unpack the operating cost increases, and I will do so a little later,
 you will see that fixed personnel costs has actually reduced
 as we have gone through quite a significant restructuring in the business
 and we continue to see the benefits of the steps taken earlier.
 operating the cost-to-income ratio I've spoken through.
 And I think if we just unpack a bit of the revenue aspect,
 Net interest income increasing by 24.6% over the period is fundamentally driven by growth in the book
 as well as net reduction in the cost of funds in that business as well.
 I think, again, one has to adjust for the fact that we have exited our Australian business,
 So there will be an impact on revenue and costs.
 and really adjusting for that, you see a stellar performance in terms of the underlying business.
 Our group investments portfolio, in terms of an overall carrying value of 834 million pounds,
 generated income yield in the period of about 8%.
 91, which represents about 25%, is in our books at around about £1.60,
 which represents the equity accounted value of that investment relative to market value.
 and therefore you do see that the current market value of our overall investment portfolio
 sits well above the book carrying value.
 From a distribution perspective, if we use the relative value that is on here from an accounting perspective,
 so that's £240 million, much more significantly when you're factoring the fact that it has a market value of just over £2.60 per share.
 So, again, a pleasing recovery in terms of the return
 with return on equity for the overall investment portfolio at 10.1%,
 with us seeing an improvement in profitability in the underlying portfolio as anticipated in IPF,
 as well as Investec Property Fund also generating reasonable returns in this period
 it would reduce momentum in terms of property write-downs that we had experienced before.
 So coming back to the overall picture,
 If we look at revenue growing from £729 million to £951 million over the period,
 you can see the drivers coming from three key areas,
 and that is our net interest income growing by 30%,
 really underpinned by the performance in our specialist banking businesses.
 Net fees and commissions improving by 19%.
 There are elements of moving parts in it,
 but the underlying momentum coming back into the business.
 investment and associate income
 growing by 36%, and that's really the contributions coming from our investments in our associates,
 and trading income
 really represents the recovery of a non-repeat of the structured product costs
 that we carried in the prior period.
 Our overall annuity income closing at about 78.1%.
 So if I go back to the graph, obviously we have de-merged our asset management business,
 which brings in capital-like businesses.
 capital-like revenue, but within the specialist banking business
 as well as with, you know, the wealth business,
 there is still a healthy element of capitalite revenue in the platform,
 But to the extent that we seek to utilize our excess capital,
 I think the focus will continue to be on Capital Light.
 overall cost to income ratio
 for the group, really driven by
 two factors, improving to
 64% and that's an improvement
 in revenue.
 fixed costs increasing by 3.3%, and an element of variable costs picking up,
 which has driven operating costs increasing by 11.7%.
 A breakdown of our costs, premises has cost a bit more in the period.
 With some of our restructures, we have about three million pounds of excess costs
 That will not repeat as we move forward.
 Personnel cost is really driven by variable remuneration.
 If we had to split that between fixed and variable, the fixed personnel cost has reduced over the period
 and variable following the revenue improvement.
 Business and marketing costs obviously following the path that we are following post-COVID environment.
 From an earnings driver's perspective, I think we are very encouraged in both funds under management growth
 as well as our core loans and advances.
 with funds under management growing by 8.5% to £63.4 billion over the period
 with net inflows of 1.5 billion pounds.
 and that again
 driven by favorable markets, investment performances in both
 our geographies.
 Core loans and advances has increased by 7.2% to $28.3 billion, with customer accounts following closely.
 Breaking down our loan book, in South Africa, our core loans and advances has seen growth of 3.4% or 6.8% on an annualized basis.
 One will have to unpack the detail between these various components,
 but the corporate book really experiencing growth of around about 7% in this particular period
 and our high net worth book.
 that's on an annualized basis
 It's our high net worth and private client book continuing with elements of growth
 as we had seen in the second half of the financial year.
 From a UK perspective, again, the growth in terms of core loans and advance
 has been experienced across the portfolio,
 strongly supported by
 17% growth in the mortgage book, 6% growth in our high net and specialized lending book.
 And, again, good experience of our corporate lending portfolios across the portfolios,
 including our asset finance and corporate and acquisition finance
 as well as power and infrastructure finance books.
 Coming to expected credit loss ratios, yes, we do have quite a low credit loss ratio
 in this period of seven basis points.
 that hasn't been primarily driven by releases of impairments.
 it's really driven by the fact that we don't have momentum in the current period
 on new impairments being raised.
 And that's two factors.
 Number one is the level of specific impairments remained low,
 and that's reflective of the performance of our underlying client portfolios
 and the strength of, you know, the underlying portfolios themselves.
 the second is
 we did have some heightened recoveries over the period.
 And that recovery has really driven post-write-offs over the last couple of years
 and continued effort in terms of recovery of assets has paid off during this current period.
 and, again, with some clients recovering as markets opened up.
 We also have, you know, from a macroeconomic perspective,
 The pressure of raising impairments, as we saw in the second half of 2020, has completely disappeared.
 and that's as the forward look
 in terms of the macroeconomic environment
 has turned from negative
 significant
 can be a negative 2 positive.
 Now, like anything in life, I think we're still in a period in which
 trying to measure
 what the outcome is
 and to try to get to specifics on different portfolios.
 is it's not a simple task of simply modeling.
 So we've continued to maintain
 pulse model adjustment overlays
 and in certain instances we've increased some of our post-model adjustment overlays
 to take account of risks
 that are still prevalent.
 if one has to
 understand that there has been interventions
 in markets and as those interventions
 work out the system, they may be
 elements of risk.
 The pleasing aspect to report on is we don't see any evidence of that yet.
 And, you know, we continue to experience a good overall outcome in terms of asset quality.
 From a South African perspective,
 of our credit loss ratio was
 four basis points with
 108 million rand
 worth of charge
 impairment charges
 relatively low over the
 period. I think if we go
 back to a pre-COVID environment, our credit loss ratio was about 18 basis points.
 And that, again, was significantly driven up as we provided for risk on the balance sheet on a forward-looking basis.
 In South Africa, again, we have, to some degree, retained protection on the balance sheet,
 and we will continue to do that
 as long as there are levels of uncertainty which are not necessarily easily modeled.
 from a UK perspective
 our overall credit loss ratio at nine basis points.
 And in this book, we did raise some of our post-model overlays to account for economic uncertainty.
 There have been model releases over the period,
 And I think that's a consistent experience across the book.
 and when we get to asset quality, you will see a continued strong momentum in terms of overall quality.
 The annualized credit loss ratio, you know, coming down from 60 basis points in the prior period.
 So both in South Africa and the U.K., a positive impact on the income statement over this period.
 From a balance sheet perspective, it's never easy to give you a simple analysis of the balance sheet
 because of the moving parts, particularly around certain writers that we pass.
 So, for example, in the PLC balance sheet, the decrease of $101 million to $73 million of Stage 3 provisions
 is really driven by write-offs over the period
 of about 40 million pounds.
 overall
 the level of impairments raised on balance sheet
 staying relatively intact
 And from a South African perspective, again, some migration between Stage 2 and Stage 3 influences the analysis.
 But you can see from our overall coverage ratios, you know, there are movements in terms of coverage ratios,
 particularly for stage three, and that's really driven by specific assets and the relationship with collateral.
 From an ROE perspective, we report an overall ROE of 11.2% with South Africa producing a 12% ROE and PLC 10.5% with bulk balance sheets utilizing around about 2.1 to 2.2 billion pounds of capital.
 The return on tangible equity at 12.1% representing really the return from our wealth businesses that provide quite a kicker into the ROTE analysis.
 Coming to the balance sheet and to our capital positions,
 I think both the Investec PLC and Investec Limited report in robust capital positions.
 I think let's just take a note that Investec PLC reports under a standardized basis,
 and the 11.1% CET1 ratio is measured on a relatively conservative basis
 if one has to look at the density of risk weights to overall asset positions.
 and total capital ratio for PLC at 14.8% with a leverage ratio of 7.8%.
 From a South African perspective, we did see the CET1 ratio improve from 12.8% to 13.9%.
 Part of that is a continued completion of our journey to ARB.
 we still have one material element
 which we refer to as capital required on our income-producing real estate,
 which is not in this measure yet.
 So South Africa continues to operate a quite significantly heightened CET1 ratio,
 and that, to some degree, does have a challenge on ROE.
 But from an overall position perspective, strong capital ratios and strong position, you know,
 looking forward in terms of
 both supporting growth
 and potential acquisitions.
 and at the end of the day
 the distribution of 91
 one.
 in our view, will have an immaterial impact on the overall capital position of the group.
 This slide just effectively takes stock of where we are against our medium-term targets,
 and I think I'm not going to repeat through all of it,
 Just to note that our distribution or the 11p dividend amounts to about a 41.8% payout ratio.
 Now, if we look forward, and, again, I think, you know, one's got to recognize that we're looking forward in November to a March year end.
 The macroeconomic environment is improving.
 And we've seen that on all fronts, whether it's in the geographies that we operate in
 or the businesses that we operate in.
 However, that recovery remains uneven.
 will be continued to be tested
 I think in South Africa, the risk of a fourth wave related to COVID-19, the level of vaccine rollout and the general socioeconomic challenges remain concerns.
 And in the U.K., as we see the effects of Brexit and the continued play out in terms of the repositioning of the United Kingdom relative to Europe,
 we may see some impact across some of our portfolios.
 from an earnings perspective
 I think we are very pleased to report that we have increased our expected reported EPS targets
 or projections from 41P at the upper end that we had delivered, you know,
 as some guidance into the market to 48 to 53p for the full year.
 And that guidance is taking into consideration the lower impairments that you've seen in this particular first half.
 but generally a continuation of the momentum of the business, as we have seen in the first half.
 and the group remains committed to the targets that we have raised.
 So that's the finance section.
 and finally back to you to wrap it up for us.
 Thank you Nishlin
 I'm sure as finance director
 So this must have been the easiest set of results to present.
 the results are fantastic
 representing an incredible business.
 that's why Nishlin can today
 revise upwards the guidance
 for the year in terms of
 adjusted EPS
 to 48
 p to 53p
 well done Nish
 Just in closing,
 it is important to note
 that we have
 strategic
 clarity about the business
 we are an international
 banking
 and wealth management group
 with two home geographies
 of the UK in South Africa.
 we
 are fundamentally committed
 to supporting
 our clients in their
 journey of growth
 and that growth
 over time
 is transformational.
 We have a rich history and heritage in private banking, in wealth management, in corporate banking, in investment banking.
 we are a niche player
 we excel in what we do
 And we continue in our two geographies to see significant opportunity.
 In South Africa, we operate at large scale in all the businesses that we operate,
 and we are a standard setter in terms of the businesses that we operated in.
 the UK we have refined our business and the niches we operate in and we continue to see
 significant scale
 build-up.
 As I said earlier, during the day, we have significant opportunity for growth.
 three years ago we committed to investing
 in the private banking, offering
 in the UK, you have
 now seen the level
 of growth that we have achieved
 in that business
 when Ruth presented
 in May
 she went through those areas of that market
 where we have chosen to compete
 and the path to growth
 is particularly significant.
 on the wealth side in the UK
 as I said, both bolts
 on at the lower end
 and consolidation-type opportunities remain.
 and we have a people
 that is empowered
 by a culture that gives them
 a freedom to operate
 high levels of trust
 for our people
 and people have a spirit of enterprise.
 they act like
 onus of the business
 and deliver innovative, nimble solutions to our client.
 and as I say
 we offer out of the ordinary
 both in terms of service, in terms of product
 and
 innovation
 so as we move forward
 we have strategic clarity
 we have a focused business
 resulting out of that
 we are confident as a people
 and we have a level of ambition
 that drives
 outlook. The next slide
 I'm not going to cover. It goes over the
 same factors. Over the last two years, we have looked at a framework to drive improved business
 performance despite the fact
 that we were interrupted by COVID,
 we have been able to show
 significant traction
 in our identified
 growth initiatives
 we have made
 significant progress with respect to
 er kostet
 discipline. Nicholin spoke about what
 we have done there in terms of these
 results and that journey continues
 we've also have been
 significantly
 making progress around capital
 discipline, the distribution
 initially of 55% of
 91. Now today,
 15%
 as announced
 and the
 the path towards
 ARB which will
 see us have even higher
 levels of capital in South Africa.
 at the reduction in the investment portfolio in SA.
 so we're excited about our ability to grow
 and as I said earlier on
 We can distribute the 15% because we have an engine that generates strongly capital.
 And we are allocating that capital in the best way we know how.
 as we go forward, we have to
 continue to invest in our operating platform
 So the idea of investing more in both our technology and digitalization
 to make sure that we can provide
 continued high-tech
 backed and supported
 at the same time by
 high touch that
 Investec is known for is really important.
 So we're going to be investing in the business and we will deliver as we do so a connected ecosystem from a client perspective, but also a leveraged operating platform as we move forward.
 so we're excited about the work we have done
 and you can begin to see the results.
 just taking stock of what we have been doing
 When we started in FY 2019, in March, we recorded 48.7p of adjusted earnings per share.
 Of course, we had for 11 months IAM, now 91.
 we are now guiding
 to 48 to 53p in terms of adjusted EPS,
 significant progress as we
 go forward. Obviously in the
 for the A to 53P.
 we've made some assumptions about
 when we will distribute the
 15% of
 91. Our total
 operating income is now at
 952. And again, you can see that
 progression, total costs
 at just under 600 now,
 you can see that
 if you double that, you will actually be
 better than you were in FY 2019.
 If you look at our weighted average number of shares,
 we committed in 2019
 it
 Makadai
 that we will rein in any issues of shares
 that overall the direction of travel
 will be to maintain
 if not reduce the number
 of shares out in the market.
 We've grown our ordinary shareholders' equity, as you can see,
 and
 we continue to make
 we haven't made as much progress
 in terms of reducing the investment portfolio
 given the environment, but initially indicated
 to you what distributing
 means to that our capital
 levels are strong in South Africa
 once we get the
 remaining portfolio
 on to advance
 Richard will not cease to
 complain about the drug of
 excess capital on returns
 in the business.
 good problem to have
 rich I will say
 in the UK
 we are on standardized. We are now setting
 our sights as we go forward
 on looking to go on advanced
 as Nishlin says,
 if you look at risk density
 You will see that we have a capital base that is particularly conservative.
 and both liquidity
 and capital are very strong to support
 growth going forward. So in conclusion
 we see the business being
 position to capture opportunity
 as we go forward.
 there are identified
 organic growth opportunities
 that we have talked about before
 and Richard can talk about those next time.
 we have the opportunity to showcase
 are brilliant South African business
 Bank and Wealth
 I made an example of
 investment in the UK
 Banking Business
 we can talk about the
 investing life opportunity that we have
 here in South Africa that we have invested
 and so we've got executable and scalable growth opportunities
 within our current business.
 we obviously are leveraging our client
 ecosystem as I indicated
 and we also are looking at
 strategic partnerships where we
 could work with partners
 to provide
 our services and products
 to the relevant part
 of their client
 basis. There will always be
 some opportunities for bold own acquisitions
 and in particular in the UK on the wealth side
 that particular space
 will continue to
 to develop and provide opportunity.
 with the advent of the D-measure of Asset Management from 2020 March,
 We did say that the composition of our revenues shifted significantly more into capital-intensive banking revenues.
 so strategically we would like to rebalance that
 so both on the banking side
 and the wealth side
 we would look for the opportunities that are capital light
 and there are lots of those on banking.
 For instance, transactional banking services in South Africa that we are ramping up on the business side would be one such example.
 So the rebalance of the revenue mix is an important strategic driver of the work we do as we go forward.
 also because
 91 was
 larger
 in the UK than it was
 in SA, Geographic
 mix has also changed
 somewhat. So as we go forward, we will look to drive
 a better geographic mix
 As I said, as we go forward, we've got to invest for growth.
 and our investment in technology
 will reflect not only business as usual
 but more how we support growth
 so we feel confident
 given the results, given the momentum
 in the business
 and given what our people are feeling
 and the level of engagement with our existing clients
 and our ability to attract new clients.
 to my colleagues, proud of what you have achieved
 Happy to take questions.
 Michelin do you want to come up
 Take a seat and then we can bet on questions.
 where's
 Tess
 Where do we start, Tash?
 We study in this building, right?
 Ruby, you are back, so I'm going to give you the opportunity to go first.
 As I said earlier today, I really like your new suit.
 You shoot.
 Yeah, thanks for having me.
 Thanks, Mr. Titi.
 I have one question.
 please regarding
 The page, Operating Cost Analysis.
 It states that costs increased by 11.7%, and one of the reasons refers to increased discretionary spend.
 there is
 a
 component there called business
 Which went up 11 million
 And exactly what is business?
 and I should try to explain
 but you're going to unpack a little.
 Yeah, I was looking at Mali in the crowd.
 at the end of the day
 Business is a combination of costs, so it will include travel.
 it will include
 some of the spend
 in managing
 the buildings and managing the infrastructure
 that we have across the geography.
 so
 marketing
 and marketing is a little separate from it.
 But overall, business expenses really...
 is marketing
 separate
 represents the supportive
 expenses
 And it includes, to some extent, audit fees and other aspects of running the business.
 Thank you.
 Good morning.
 Hi.
 Thank you so much.
 I can't hear myself.
 My name is Barry.
 I'd just like to know
 on a question of management
 you are distributing the 91 shares,
 Would you not use those funds to reduce the shares in PLC
 because the business in the U.K. is much reduced
 and there's a fortune of shares outstanding that has basically been fed from South Africa.
 In the old days it was meant to be even.
 That was one.
 The second question, Investec Wealth and Management is run as a separate company, as I understand it.
 It's not wholly owned by Investec.
 And then I'd like to know what the net asset value of the last staff trade was of each share.
 Thank you.
 Okay, I'm not sure why you say that investing wealth and investment is run as a separate business.
 In South Africa, starting off there, we have an integrated platform.
 Richard is the country head
 Henry obviously runs the wealth business.
 we have the same
 operating platform as it were
 the
 client
 facing part of it obviously
 will always be
 be separate
 in the UK, which is probably
 where you may be referring to
 the wealth business
 we own 100% of it
 this also
 So it used to operate completely independently in terms of infrastructure, marketing, HR, and the like.
 So the client-facing part of it still operates separately.
 it's an investment business, not a banking
 business, what we have done
 is the infrastructure side, HR, the buildings, marketing,
 we've centralized those
 because those you can actually centralize.
 certain spending
 on technology around
 telephone systems
 and the like he used to, for instance,
 have different ones
 you used to have
 essentially if you
 phoned in from the bank
 in the uk to the wealth business you would be regarded as as an external one so the operational
 side of it we have rationalized
 without closing off
 the strategic possibility that we could
 merge that business at another stage with another business.
 business. So very, very happy with the quality of that business as we go forward. Again,
 on both sides of the scale
 we own 100% of it
 If we were to consolidate, obviously we could either buy completely on a bolt-on basis
 or we could merge with another party
 in which case we could be below 100,
 as we did with Rensburg Shepherds
 but we are an owner of the wealth business
 It's integral to our strategy.
 so we wouldn't be
 selling and we would over time hope
 to go back to 100% control.
 with respect to the DLC structure
 a list you want to take that?
 Yeah, so a couple of quick points.
 number one is
 We've remained active in terms of acquiring shares.
 So, for example, our Treasury stock has increased from just over 80-odd million to about 90-odd million.
 I think if we look at the distribution of 91, we've been quite clear that the level of surplus capital in South Africa is much higher.
 so that distribution will have a skewed impact on South Africa,
 which will be well supported by the underlying capital base.
 and to an extent we will retain the majority of the remaining stake
 from a U.K. balance sheet that gives us optionality as we look forward.
 I think there are certain restrictions in terms of the DLC structure
 That would restrict our ability to use capital-generated in SA in the UK.
 As you say, two-thirds of the shares are PLC, being a third, if you think of our total share register, a third limited, two-thirds PLC.
 but in the PLC you've got
 I
 IMPs and you have
 those POC shares owned by
 South Africans, a third, a third, a third.
 But there are certain restrictions.
 as you can imagine as a management team
 we continue to apply our minds as to how we could address the fundamental logic behind your questions.
 So we generally agree with the fundamental logic behind your question.
 and there are structural and legal impediments to that.
 thank you any further question
 Okay, nothing in the building.
 Stephen I'm not giving you a chance to ask a question
 I can see you getting excited
 a little bit. We're going to go to the chorus call, I think.
 All right, so we have a question from...
 No questions.
 You didn't even put he did from VDS.
 No questions, okay?
 Shall we go to the webcast?
 There's one question.
 oh sorry
 clearly my hearing is not as good as i would like it to be yeah let's hear it
 You can hear me.
 Thanks very much for the
 presentation and
 congratulations on the
 strong results.
 I've got a couple of questions.
 Firstly, just what was the reason for upgrading your earnings guidance quite recently after
 after you've had your pre-closed breath.
 And is it mainly due to low cost of risk, credit losses, or were there other drivers of that?
 So that's the first question.
 and then secondly, in terms of your ROE target of 12% to 16%,
 You're currently sitting at 11.2%, but that's on particularly low credit losses or cost of risk.
 What would be the levers to increase the ROE within the 12 to 16 percent range?
 You want to give it a try?
 Yeah, sure.
 I think our audit committee drilled us on why we were so off our forecast,
 because we delivered that forecast to you on the 18th, I think, of September.
 And it was really a factor of all the businesses.
 So you had certain transactions that closed out ahead of expectation.
 credit losses
 you know
 to the extent that we had factored in certain thought processes,
 the economics actually continued to improve and head in a direction
 that we had to factor in in terms of finalization.
 and the reality was, you know, this happens now and again,
 but every single
 business had contributed to
 the push
 above
 our particular guidance
 So there's nothing specific to pull out as an absolute driver.
 And then if you're looking forward in terms of, you know, ROE, yes, I agree with you in terms of the credit loss ratio.
 but I do think one's got a factor in the nature of InvestX business.
 and at the end of the day
 the expectation
 that will continue to operate at whether that's 30 to 40 basis points
 or 25 to 35 basis points will finalize that calibration as we look forward
 because our asset quality is talking to a lower impairment expectation as we look forward.
 But what's fundamentally going to drive us moving forward is, number one,
 is the slide that Fani had highlighted at the very end,
 which is the organic growth in the business,
 and that's really the funds under management as well as client acquisitions.
 and there are particular drivers within both our banking businesses
 and our wealth businesses that are targeting particular growth areas
 that are spread across the client pools that we operate in.
 and we'll continue to engineer and work in terms of driving those.
 Number two is, you know, we're starting to move out of the pandemic environment.
 And the world is obviously with challenges, but we anticipate seeing the momentum of the business to continue to tick in.
 Number three is probably an element of capital efficiency that we are going to have to bring in.
 and whether that is a deployment in terms of acquisitions
 or whether that is, as you've alluded to,
 in terms of managing the total number of shares in the issue,
 that's an exercise that we continue to apply ourselves across.
 I think what we had said was
 with the advent of COVID
 we had set a medium
 term, I think that is in May, would
 have been two to four years, given
 the recovery
 in the
 economic
 landscape despite the uncertainty
 I think you would be looking at these medium-term targets closer to the lower end of the 2-4 range,
 given the interruption of COVID.
 I think our businesses have proven to be very resilient, high quality.
 And as I said, in each of the markets, we have executable opportunities for growth.
 and as I said
 watch
 that UK Bank
 as it continues to build scale and relevance with clients
 and watch also the improvements that we have seen in the U.K. wealth business
 And as I said, in South Africa, you have standard-setting businesses across the coast.
 and yeah, we are confident
 about where we are
 And thank you for your congratulations on this set of results.
 as I said our people bust their guts
 to serve clients
 and these results are a consequence of what we do for clients.
 any further question
 from the webcast?
 Okay.
 quite a few questions from the webcast.
 So there's three questions on 91.
 I'm going to combine them.
 The first one is from Chris Stewart, 91.
 Please can you give some insight as to the impact on the capital adequacy ratio of the proposed distribution of the 15% of 91?
 The next one is from Mark Dutoy.
 will there be any
 tax payable by investing on the
 distribution of the 15%
 in 91
 And the last one is from Jonathan Berry.
 is a private
 investor concerning the distribution
 of 15% of 91, quoted as being worth around
 35p per share.
 Will this
 distribution be made in the
 form of shares or cash.
 Funny, you're happy for me to get through it.
 I think the first point I would make is that we will issue a circular which will detail all of the steps that are to be followed
 and whether that's tax consequences or the actual structure.
 from an overall perspective
 have given the regulatory treatment
 of 91 in a banking balance sheet.
 We carry
 significant reductions against
 the underlying investment.
 so particularly in the UK
 we will see virtually no impact in terms of the underlying CAT1 ratio.
 And in South Africa, you know, that will be a number that is well managed within our overall capital base itself.
 In terms of the question around the nature of the distribution, well, the way I think of it is we demerge 55%.
 we now add in 15% on top of it.
 And when we finalize it, it will follow through the similar process that we had gone through at that point in time.
 But it's going to be in shares and the consequences of how you deal with that as a shareholder is in your hands.
 there is a part to follow
 So there are certain things that we have to get right in terms of how it is structured.
 so as I've highlighted in due course
 there will be a circular and a process that will be followed
 in terms of the distribution.
 We did consider whether we should...
 we should sell the stake to distribute cash,
 but that was not
 the most
 beneficial
 to our shareholders
 So we did consider that as an option.
 the option that we're looking at
 in our view having done the work
 will be the most beneficial
 but there's a lot of detail still to be processed for us to get to a point
 where we can give you a chapter and verse
 in terms of the mechanics, the impacts around tax, et cetera, et cetera.
 But we're doing a lot of work with it.
 I mean, obviously, with a distribution, shares going back into the market,
 We will work with our colleagues at 91 to make sure that if any shareholders have as much as they want of 91,
 we can help in working with them
 to absorb any overhang that may develop.
 And by the way, we will
 remain a shareholder at 110%
 So it is in all our interest in the shareholders of 91 to make sure that we can manage the distribution as effectively as possible.
 Nish Capital Impact from Chris Stewart.
 I thought I dealt with it earlier.
 Did you?
 Virtually no impact from a PLC perspective, and, well, you know, I can mention it.
 I think we expect around about a 1% impact on the South African capital ratio.
 Okay, thank you.
 There are a few more questions.
 Kunal Kalyan from Risk Insights.
 Investec has taken a number of initiatives
 towards improving on ESG.
 However, from a competitive advantage perspective, how do you see yourself using ESG to differentiate from the market?
 how long will it take
 for the market to see this differentiation
 and where would it be reflected?
 I think we
 we generally in the South African environment
 seen as a leader in the space.
 obviously
 there are risks associated with
 in particular
 the climate, which every financial services group, in fact, every business has to understand.
 And economies and industries have to understand the risks and opportunities that are attended to climate change and ESG specifically.
 So in our banking business, there are specific opportunities in terms of either raising certain funds
 or investing in certain
 renewable
 assets and we do
 have exposure already
 and over time reducing fossil fuels.
 the way we see it is obviously
 coal is the highest carbon content
 at the moment
 our policy would be to support
 coal only to the extent
 in South Africa
 that we are dealing with
 eskim
 because without asking any electricity,
 the social side of ESG
 would be a problem for the country
 In fact, the economy would collapse anyway.
 So we're looking there for transition, and we would look at gas as a transition fuel,
 better than coal but in the long term
 still high carbon
 and obviously renewals
 will be the final
 solution on the
 so that there's a lot we can do
 on the bank side in terms of opportunity
 with respect to our investment business,
 even there we have a number of opportunities
 in terms of
 related
 products. By the way,
 on the funding side of the business
 there are certain advantages that are beginning to arise
 depending on your level of ESG progress.
 we have raised a number of
 sustainability linked loans as an example.
 So this is a big issue for the world in terms of risk, but from a business opportunity.
 those businesses that do not take
 this stuff seriously are likely to
 suffer some
 disadvantage as we go forward.
 excited about the opportunities
 As I said in the presentation, we are looking to embed even further sustainability thinking inside of our business.
 Mark DeToy from Oyster Cache
 What are the growth opportunities in Wealth UK business?
 do you expect the contribution
 to profit from banking versus wealth
 to be closer to 50-50
 in time
 from the current 72-28.
 look it would be
 a foolhardy of me to try to predict
 composition of prophets
 in the long term
 the strategic intent is to increase
 capitalized revenues as we go
 And we really focused on that.
 we had a board meeting yesterday and some of our
 directors will say
 let's see how we can measure that progress as we go forward
 So it's something that the board has a significant interest in,
 But it's progress that we will report as we go.
 with respect to specific opportunities,
 I'm sure Mark will know that we couldn't comment on that.
 I said specifically there are two types of
 opportunities and wealth, one
 being bolt-on, 1 to 5
 billion pounds of asset management and the other being at the larger scale where obviously
 consolidation
 has to happen
 And that's driven by opportunities of the benefits of scale,
 driven by certain cost drivers like technology, regulatory, et cetera, et cetera,
 are driven by business model changes, for instance,
 the need to go more into
 into financial planning as opposed to just
 investment management
 So there are industry trends that work in favor of consolidation.
 so we will stay close to
 those developments
 we will always make sure that if we do participate
 we will do so on a basis that is strategically and commercially sensible to our business.
 so there's two final questions
 Chris again from 91.
 Any guidance on progress as to the disposal of the IAP equity investment portfolios?
 We continue to work on the overall reduction of the investment portfolio.
 We are not going to dump any assets.
 These assets are valuable.
 and as the environment improves
 I think the opportunity for us to
 realize
 a specific asset for
 good value will increase
 so
 patient with
 our high quality assets
 but also understanding the need
 from where we sit
 to allocate capital much more effectively.
 so I won't talk about a specific asset
 I'm sure Chris will appreciate
 last question
 Sipilele Mdudu from Matrix Fund Managers.
 Well done on the great set of results.
 Given these low credit loss ratios, are you not worried at all about the consumer environment?
 which sectors are still
 much more in your watch list
 How soon do you wish to get to your ROE target?
 what would it take
 you to get there sooner
 and how do you plan to keep these ROEs within your targets?
 maybe he wants to come to the board meeting
 next time
 because these are just
 too detailed.
 We said
 to get to our targets
 we said
 medium term
 two to four years
 while we were still looking at a different scenario around COVID.
 I said earlier
 Probably more to the lower end of that range in terms of timing.
 there are many
 initiatives that both myself
 and Nishlin talked about around
 where we think we can improve
 performance is such
 I mean, the questions are a bit too detailed to address in an announcement of this nature.
 One more.
 Oh, my goodness me.
 we are firing on all
 Linda's
 from your
 Miles Curry is an investor.
 Congratulations on your very good...
 performance, why aren't you
 fully disposing of your interest
 What is the merit of having a minority holding of 10%?
 Okay, if I could just remind Miles about the strategic logic behind this.
 We said that we wanted to sell 10% of 91 to bolster our capital stake in the UK.
 That is what we said very clearly at the time.
 when we
 D-merged markets were very volatile.
 Well, 91 is at about, I think traded at around 140.
 we took the view that it was
 Too cheap, we wouldn't, as I said about assets in the investment portfolio,
 we are not into dumping assets
 or selling assets cheap.
 So we took the view that we will not sell.
 So the strategic intent around the 10% remains that it is part of the capital stack of the UK business.
 In saying that, I've almost given you too much information around the structure of how we intend to distribute the 15%.
 15%.
 I mean, you can do some arithmetics, not even maths.
 so our intent hasn't changed
 we are not looking to be
 to do anything that we haven't said
 we had clearly signaled
 that 15% is access to
 to our requirements
 and now that we are emerging
 significantly from COVID
 we think the time is right to return
 that 15% to our shareholders.
 I hope that makes sense
 Okay, I think that's the end of the presentation.
 again just to repeat
 we are excited about where we are
 I'm very proud of my colleagues for producing this level of results.
 And as I said, our business is about clients fundamentally.
 and while we manage for profit
 we also manage for impact
 and we look forward to the next six months
 and the next six years
 the next 15 years
 although
 Richard and myself may not be there in that time
 Stephen you had 40 years to run
 I don't think we have that much ahead of us.
 So we're looking for a fundamentally strong business
 that has high levels
 of profitability and returns
 but lives in society
 not of it
 and makes good impacts.
 Thank you so much for your interest and attendance.
 see you in another six months.
 Is that a niche?
 Yep, in Mark.
 Thank you so much.