 Thanks, Mike.
 We are very pleased with our second quarter performance.
 Total net revenues were $6.9 billion, up 8.9% operationally, excluding a 90 basis point
 unfavorable impact from foreign exchange.
 We reported adjusted earnings per share of $1.42 up 12.7% compared to the second quarter
 of 2016 and exceeding our guidance for the quarter.
 I had another outstanding quarter with global sales of $4.7 billion, up 14.9% operationally.
 This performance is reflected of continued strong demand, despite increasing competition
 from new classes of drugs as well as anti-TNF biosimilars.
 In the U.S., Humira sales increased 18% compared to the prior year, driven by low-double-digit
 prescription growth plus price.
 Full-sailor inventory levels were below half a month, as is our standard practice.
 Tumera's growth continues to be fueled by robust demand across all three segments, room,
 gastro and derm, and market share remains stable despite competitive dynamics.
 Internationally, Humira had an exceptional quarter
 with operational sales growth of 9.1%.
 This performance was driven by market growth
 as well as tender timing, which contributed nearly two percentage points
 to operational sales growth in the quarter.
 Global and Brubica net revenues in the second quarter were $626 million, up more than 42%
 over the second quarter of last year.
 robust sales in the U.S., which totaled $528 million in the quarter,
 We're driven by our strong market positions in CLL,
 as well as other indications, including mantle cell lymphoma,
 Walden strums, and relapsed refractory marginal zone lymphoma, which was approved earlier
 this year.
 Global vicarious sales in the quarter were $225 million down versus the prior year.
 In the coming weeks, we expect U.S. and European regulatory decisions for our next generation
 and H.C.V. treatment.
 Maverick.
 Based on the timing of reimbursement decisions,
 outside the U.S. and manage care contracting cycles in the U.S., we expect to see a meaningful
 sales contribution for Maveritt starting in 2018.
 Sales of Duodopa, our therapy for advanced Parkinson's disease, grew 16% on an operational
 basis in the quarter. And we also saw strong growth from Creon, which was up over 9 percent
 the quarter. Reviewing the P&L profile for the quarter, adjusted gross margin was 82.3%
 of sales compared to 81.9% in the prior year.
 This was inclusive of 80 basis points of dilutive impact
 related to partnership accounting.
 The adjusted R&D was 17.5% of sales, up 200 basis points over the prior year, reflecting
 increased funding of the pipeline, including incremental spend associated with the STEM
 concentrics and risk-and-kisman transactions.
 Adjusted SG&A was 20.2% of sales in the quarter, down 200 basis points versus a prior year,
 driven by sales leverage and operational efficiencies.
 Operating margin was 44.6% of sales in the second quarter and improvement of 70 basis
 points versus prior year.
 Net interest expense was $253 million, and the adjusted tax rate was 19.3% in the quarter.
 and quarter adjusted earnings per share.
 excluding intangible amortization expense,
 and other specified items was $1.42 up 12.7% year over year.
 Turning to full year guidance, we continue to forecast full year adjusted EPS of $5.44
 to $5.54 per share, representing growth of 13.9% at the midpoint.
 This guidance comprehensive full year top line operational growth approaching 10%.
 For US Humero, we continue to expect high to mid to high teens sales growth for the full year
 Internationally, we expect mid-single-digit operational growth for Humira, given recent
 foreign exchange dynamics, we would expect full-year reported sales growth for international
 Humira to approach mid-single digits.
 We're in Bruvica.
 We remain on track to achieve our full year expectation for global reported revenues of
 greater than $2.4 billion, with sales in the U.S. $2 billion.
 In the last several weeks, we have seen a weakening of the dollar versus key foreign
 currencies. If these rates were to remain constant at today's levels, we would forecast
 no material impact from foreign exchange to full year sales.
 This currency movement would, however, have an adverse impact on gross margin due to
 new hedges in place on key currencies. If exchange were to hold at current rates, we would forecast
 full year gross margin as a percentage of sales at 80.5%.
 We are forecasting full-year R&D expats
 approaching 17.5% of sales, reflecting pipeline funding,
 and the impacts of the stem centrics
 and missing kids who may have transactions.
 We expect SG&A of over 20.5% of sales.
 And this would result in an operating margin profile
 of approximately 42.5% inclusive of the recent impact
 of currency movements.
 We continue to expect a net interest expense of approximately $1 billion and the adjusted
 the tax rate for the full year should be modeled at above 19%.
 For the third quarter, we expect adjusted earnings per share between $1.36 and $1.38.
 This adjusted EPS guidance excludes roughly $0.22 of non-cash amortization and other
 specified items and represents year-over-year growth of 13.2 percent at the midpoint.
 We are forecasting operational revenue growth
 approximately 9% for the third quarter, and if current exchange rates hold, no impact
 from exchange on sales in the quarter.
 For U.S. Humira, we expect sales growth in a third quarter in the high teens.
 Internationally, we expect mid-single-digit operational growth for Humira.
 We're in Brubica.
 to U.S. sales growth in the third quarter of approximately 30 percent.
 We expect gross margin in the third quarter to be approximately 80.5% of sales.
 growth margin, Caperhams, current exchange rates, and is inclusive of the dilutive impact
 of partnered products.
 In closing, we delivered outstanding performance
 the quarter, driven by our focus on strong commercial and operational execution.
 We expect...
 to continue this momentum in the second half of 2017, putting us in a great position to
 to deliver top-tier revenue and EPS growth
 for the full year.
 And with that, I'll turn the call back over to Liz.
 So, Mark, yeah, it was a nice quarter for gross margin.
 You know, we've gone back and looked.
 Historically Q2 does run a little stronger
 on the rest of the year, that's a function of product mix
 to a certain extent.
 But that said, you know, we continue to make pretty nice progress on this line, even in
 in the face of the partnership accounting.
 You know, if you look at,
 If you back out partnership accounting,
 we were probably at about 120 bases.
 Yeah, I think the main driver's about a third of that was a favorable impact of exchange,
 but that's...
 That still left 80 basis points to the good and that was really a mix of product mix as
 as well as just cost efficiencies.
 Hi, David.
 The royalty burden really lifts in two different phases.
 The first third of it lists at the very end of 17,
 So you see a PNL impact in 18.
 The other two thirds lift at the very end of 18,
 So you see the P&L benefit in 19.
 And then in terms of quantity to model,
 You know, we have said that that burden is about 5% to 6% of global humerus sales.