 Welcome to the Goal Airlines 3rd Quarter 2021 Results Conference Call.
 This morning, the company made its numbers available, along with three videos with the
 the results presentation, financial review, and preliminary Q&A.
 All hopes everyone connected has watched them.
 After the company's brief remarks,
 we will initiate the Q&A session
 when further instructions will be provided.
 This event is also being broadcast live via webcast.
 and maybe access through the company website at www.voegoal.com.br.ir and on
 the MZIQ platform at www.MZIQ.com.
 those following the presentation via the webcast may post their questions on the platform
 and their questions will either be answered
 by the management during this call, or by the goal investor
 relations team after the conference is finished.
 Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions
 of Goals Management and on information currently available to the company.
 they involve risks and uncertainties,
 because they relate to future events
 and therefore depend on circumstances
 that may or may not occur.
 Investors and analysts should understand that events
 related to macroeconomic conditions, industry, and other factors could also cause results
 to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements.
 At this time, I'll hand you over to Mr. Paul Kackenoff, CEO. Please begin.
 Good morning everyone and welcome to Go Red Line's quarterly earnings call.
 I would like to start by highlighting our most important achievements of this period.
 The first one was the continued recovery in the man, which showed solid growth during
 the court. At the end of September, Brazil became fourth among all countries with the
 the most vaccinated administered against COVID-19.
 Approximately 56% of Brazil's population is fully vaccinated and over 74% have received
 their first dose, a higher percentage than the vast majority of the countries, including
 the United States.
 Similar to demand trends in other markets, the rising vaccination rate in the general
 population
 is supporting the air market's ongoing recovery.
 As a result, goals departures in the fourth quarter grew by
 by each 7%, reaching 52% of the levels in 2019.
 In response to this demand goes expanding its network and has already announced a new
 route from Congonhas to Bonito is starting this December.
 We are taking a conservative approach to increasing capacity as travel demand recovers to help
 maintain high load factors and profitability in other routes.
 The second important event was the transition of the fleet to Boeing Maxis.
 in preparation for the strong recovery in air travel that we expect to see in the coming
 quarters, we sign agreements to accelerate the transformation of our fleet with the acquisition
 of 28 additional Boeing 737 MAX-8 aircraft.
 initiative is expected to reduce the company's unit cost by 8% into 422.
 Under the new contract, we will win 2021 with 28 Marks aircraft, which represents 20% of
 the fleet. By the end of 2022, we expect to have 44 max aircraft raising this total to
 With current purchase commitments, we will meet our 2030 goal of having 75% of the fleet
 in this new aircraft.
 And, as is widely recognized, the max is 15% more fuel efficient, generates 60% less carbon
 emissions and is 40 percent quieter compared to the NG. This aircraft position us to grow
 even more competitively, expanding routes to new destinations and providing efficiency
 gains, all of which will capture more value for all our stakeholders.
 The fourth important achievement was the conclusion of the merger with Smiles into
 The transaction will generate greater value from several operational synergies as well
 as new opportunities and strategies that will become even more significant during the airline
 market recovery.
 We are optimistic that the synergies from this corporate reorganization expected to
 to be approximately 3 billion reais in net present value for the next 5 years, and the
 subsequent benefits to our shareholders will be realized in a relatively short
 period of time. With that, I will hand the floor over to Richard, our CFO, who will present
 some financial highlights.
 Thank you, cocky.
 Our most recent notable event
 was the success of our Liability Management Program.
 In September, we issued $150 million in a retap at 8% annual interest rate on our senior
 Secure notes.
 ensuring in 2026.
 who is assigned the notes rating of B2.
 Proceeds from the offering will be used for general corporate purposes including aircraft acquisitions and working capital
 In October, we refinanced our short-term bank debt in the amount of 1.2 billion reais
 via the extension of the seventh series of the ventures,
 and the issuance of our eighth series
 of simple, non-combatable debatures.
 This refinancing enabled the company to return to its lowest level of short-term debt since
 2014 at about a half a billion reais which will also improve goals credit
 metrics by better matching future assets and liabilities and reducing the company's average
 cost of debt.
 Our next relevant maturity date for outstanding debt is not until July 2024.
 Bull's balance sheet is now in a stronger position
 in terms of its outstanding debt versus our peers,
 which we view to be a competitive advantage
 in the current market environment.
 In addition, the company advertised around 518 million
 and realize of that in this quarter.
 The average maturity of goals long-term that excluding aircraft leases and perpetual notes
 is approximately 3.4 years with the main obligations already addressed in our cash flow.
 The net debt ratio, excluding exchangeable notes and perpetual bonds to adjusted last
 12 months EBITDA was 9.7 times on September 30th, 2021,
 representing the lowest financial leverage among peers.
 Considering the amounts fundable from deposits and unencumbered assets, the
 the company's potential sources of liquidity
 resulted in approximately 6.1 billion
 reais of accessible liquidity.
 The recent capitalization of the balance sheet
 with a capital increase led by the majority shareholder,
 represented the recognition of gold's value as Brazil's largest airline with the best
 product. The refinancing of our short-term bank debt in October added to long-term capital
 of 2.7 billion reais raised in the second and third quarters of this year.
 totals over 3.9 billion reais of capital raised in the last seven months.
 As for our discussion of financial results for the quarter, it was shared this morning
 in the video presentation and we believe you all had a chance to access that.
 In short, our work to reestablish operating margins that can support the sustained growth
 of our operations is bearing fruit.
 We ended the third quarter with an EBIT reaching 338 million
 eyes and an operating margin totaling 17.7 percent. Concurrently, the just city of
 Da reached 464 million reais with the 24.3% margin.
 evidencing our successful efforts in matching supply and demand.
 I will now return back over to Kackinoff.
 Thanks, Richard. We are seeing a recovery in demand for air travel, and we believe that now we've
 With greater population immunization and the significant expansion of vaccination, we
 you have a strong fourth quarter, coinciding with the start of this summer season.
 I would like to close by thanking our employees, the team of figures, who are working with
 extreme professionalism and commitment.
 of this intimidation.
 in a solid position to expand operations and achieve profitable growth.
 We reiterate our confidence that goal view of merger is strong and even more resilient as markets normalize
 Now, I would like to initiate the Q&A session.
 Thank you. The conference call is now open for questions.
 If you have a question, please press star 1 on your touchtone phone at this or any time.
 If at any point your question is answered, you may remove yourself from the queue by
 Pressing Star 2.
 We ask that when you ask your questions, speak close to the receiver of the device so that
 everyone can hear you clearly.
 Participants can also send questions via the webcast platform.
 You need to click on the question mark in the upper left corner and type in your question.
 Please hold while we poll for questions.
 Our first question is from Steven Trent with Citi.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning gentlemen, and thanks very much for taking my questions guys. I just kind of wanted, you know, you're a high-level views on
 on international demand to the U.S. spooling up again,
 And, you know, now that you're partnering with American Airlines, you know, what sort
 of bigger opportunity are you seeing on the horizon, and do you see any opportunity as
 as well for Americans to possibly increase its stake and goal at some point in the future.
 Hi, Susan.
 Checking off here.
 Good morning.
 for your question. Let me give you an overview on the North American market specifically.
 Firstly, you know, we are now gradually reintroduction of international rules.
 So, we have already made available the ticket sales for Cancun, Mexico, Dominican, Punta
 the Dominican Republic and we are now resuming flights to multi-video and Buenos Aires.
 So in the United States, it will be likely the route to be added in our international
 portfolio by the second quarter next year. And this is because you're right, the borders
 are now open to the President but there is a considerable but which is the exchange rate
 made the purchase, the ticket purchase of the whole street cost, including auto-strategic
 quite expensive, pretty expensive from a Brazilian perspective.
 You know, the rail has been violated.
 quite easily along the last quarter.
 So the Brazilian economic conditions also
 were affected during the last three months.
 and the combination of a clear excitement to resume
 international trips has a great contrast with the important constraints imposed by the exchange rate.
 So the passengers are willing to fly,
 mainly to the United States, but that trip became quite
 especially the demand.
 So I cannot say that there is a boom related to North
 American with the airline tickets to fly to the United States.
 You know, we are about to begin the Brazilian high season, December and January.
 And typically, that's the theory when you see more passengers willing to travel or leisure
 purpose.
 It's not going to be different this year.
 really is widely better for the international market and the second constraint which is
 also affecting the demand, is that there is a backlog to provide North American visas
 to the presidents, which will not be so neither addressed in the future.
 So if you have a family of five members, it's pretty much
 It's likely that at least one of them has no valid visa at the moment, making it not
 possible to fly to the United States.
 So all those things combined are affecting the potential flight
 catch up that we could get, if not by these two constraints.
 And finally, in our case, we have the partnership with American Alliance, who has already deployed
 a considerable capacity increase for the following three months.
 So we have decided to support that investment by selling the American Alliance tickets in
 our channels, as we have done already, since April 2020, and through that
 That's that ish.
 We are simultaneously appending our customers,
 and supporting this additional capacity increase deployed
 by American Alliance.
 So we believe that this is the best strategy to cope with the current demand, and then
 We will resume our on-flight from Brasilia to Florida.
 Florida, a market in which it has not been attended by American alliance at the moment,
 from the second part next year on.
 So this is, I mean, an overview of the North American market
 on the President's perspective in the airline segment.
 Super, Kaki, I really appreciate that, and just very quickly, one last thing, on business
 travel any sort of high level trends you're seeing in the domestic market and let me leave
 it at that.
 We might be surprised by the speech.
 to reach the business segment is recovering its pre-pandemic level.
 We are now identifying, actually, that some specific segments in Brazil are catching up
 its business travel behavior, even above the pre-pandemic level.
 Those are the services, generally speaking, mainly those companies, pretty much benefited
 Bye.
 by the new customer's behavior.
 So like food delivery, just to say, one example,
 and e-commerce. So those segments are booming and they are probably more than they were before
 in the pre-pandemic and also some, if I could say so, some other traditional segments, those
 are pretty strong in Brazil.
 such as the agricultural business, oil and gas and some specific industry.
 So we foresee that by the beginning of the next year, we might be above our prior projection,
 which has considered that one third of the business travelers would be gone for good,
 which might be not the case.
 So it's too early to be precise on that projection.
 But at this moment, we see that some segments are recovering faster than expected.
 Great.
 Thank you for-
 Great.
 Thank you very much Kaki.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from Mike Lindenburg with Deutsche Bank.
 Please go ahead.
 Oh, yeah.
 Hey, good morning, everybody.
 I want to just kind of run through liquidity and I want to make sure I'm sort of comparing
 apples to apples here. So SEPQ, your total liquidity, it looked like it ended at $2.1
 billion RIAs and you're guiding to 3.8 at year end, Rich, is that predominantly the
 American Airlines investment and an improvement or an increase in your ATL or is there other
 things we should be mindful of.
 Yeah, no, the, you know, any transaction that's not closed is not in those numbers.
 so that that is not in those numbers.
 Michael Maury's new additional capital raising.
 The Q3 number, and I'll walk you through that, Q3 number, which was composed of the four
 that you mentioned, which is about $1.1 billion of cash
 investments about 300 million rise of restricted cash about 600 million rise
 or accounts receivable in 1.9 billion reais of deposits, the way that would break down
 in the Q4 would be about 900 to a billion realize of cash and investments about this,
 which is down around 200 million rise,
 because as we ramp up to the high season
 and get our suite back up above 100 operating aircraft
 we're investing in working capital, spare parts, if you will, to get all these aircraft
 up and flying. So that's effectively going into assets, but it's obviously consuming
 some liquidity and to some extent it's also increasing our spare parts inventory which
 which supports the collateral in our senior two-cared notes program.
 They were strictly...
 the cash will be a similar balance of around $300 million reais.
 Yep.
 That's how people vote.
 That's how it's...
 people will increase is about 200 million reais to 800 million
 eyes that's obviously associated with the ramp up in operations that we expect by the
 Q1, we should be back to a more normalized level of accounts
 perceivable, which should be somewhere between one to 1.2
 We're doing very nice.
 Okay.
 Now, the positive amount goes down from the Q3 to the Q4.
 about a hundred million realized because as we return aircraft, you know, we use some
 of those security deposits as well as the answers of deposits to cost out the returns
 of the entries because if you know we're accelerating our transition from the entries to the masses
 And so we're using those deposits
 to cost out their property deliveries,
 which is why, as we've said, you know, we do have access to those deposits as it relates
 to the asset that they're supporting.
 And so that's why we include that number in our liquidity.
 That basically, there's no external capital raising in there, it's all operational, so
 The difference, which is around that total number down from $4 billion to $3.8 billion,
 And it basically represents an investment in working capital spare parts to end the
 year with a little over a hundred operating aircraft.
 Okay.
 Okay, that's helpful, so it's flattish to slightly down before anything, and we know
 that weíre hopeful.
 Thereís no capital raising in there, if you know we have the addition to that and
 kind of maybe taking advantage of your question because we have some questions on how we get
 to the 6.1 billion of liquidity.
 to what I described, you know, we have potential connecting sources of based on existing unencumbered
 assets that we have of a little over 2 billion reais.
 So how we get to the $6 billion, the additional $2 billion,
 comes out of unencumbered assets.
 about half of that is the collateral we have through the loyalty program, you know,
 On the Q3, we finalized the take-in of the loyalty program, so now we control 100 percent
 of those assets, and the additional collateral we have in spare parts and election property,
 if we wanted to, could be deposited into our senior secure notes program to raise additional
 capital. We have no plans currently to do anything with this additional collateral,
 but it is important to highlight that the unencumbered
 assets that we have, represents a potential additional two
 billion rise of long-term capital should we choose to pursue that.
 Okay.
 Now that's super helpful.
 Just, you know, you're always helpful in sort of calling out, you know, the, call it the
 non-operating expenses associated with fleet idleness and personal related costs and in
 in this quarter, this fourth quarter,
 It looks like it's just gonna be under a billion re-eyes.
 Now, over the year, that number has actually moved up meaningfully, despite the fact that
 you are putting more people and planes back into service, so I don't know, is that an
 an FX-related issue, what's driving that number, or am I just my logic in thinking that
 is you put more people in planes back to work and that that should go down, that that
 logics, that maybe there's something wrong there and how it's being accounted for.
 if you could just detail that.
 Thanks, Rich.
 Yeah, I think it's a depreciation effect, Michael,
 which is a non-cash effect in there.
 okay
 Let me let me let me get back to that because that's a more technical
 But obviously, in that, you know, in the unit cost is the depreciation.
 And so part of it relates to that also, you know, in the Q3, you know,
 of the number in the Q3, the number of flights
 It's still reduced.
 And so the substantial ramp up in the Q4.
 okay
 I will kind of revert back, but in the Q3, also in the month of September, as you know,
 We had to scale back a little bit, given the transition of our PSS, which impacted our
 scale and our revenues and our ability to improve fixed cost solution, you know, because
 of the migration to the revenue system which was done in August and September, but in the
 The Q3, you know, we had 70 aircrafts operated,
 And so we still had 60 aircraft, still idle in the Q3.
 And so what you're seeing there in the Q3
 is the effect of those 60 aircraft.
 Still idle. That number at the end of the Q4 will be reduced to, you know, hopefully
 less than 30.
 No.
 And so the
 those, you know, we're, we're trying to, you know, separate that out.
 I think we're one of the few companies that
 try to separate that out for you guys,
 and we're separating the idle costs versus the total.
 but we'll probably only see a normalization
 on a unit cost basis for comparative purposes in the Q1.
 because we're still gonna have, you know, I don't call,
 I don't, I don't cost in the Q4.
 Listen now, when you say normal in Q1,
 Are you saying that approach is zero in Q1, or I'm just assuming it gets to zero by
 the
 the back part of 2022.
 but maybe it gets there sooner.
 No, no, no, no, no. And if you want, because again, we're, you know, we've returned aircraft.
 We are that this Q4 is
 is activation of a majority of the grounded aircrafts.
 And as we get into the January, February high season,
 You know, there might be a little bit in there in the Q4, but for the most part, we'll be
 eliminated. And then when you get into the normal seasonality, you know, the Q2 for us
 This is kind of a down seasonality normally,
 about to see how the, as Kaki said,
 could have some positive surprises on the corporate demand taking the Q2 of next year
 are a little bit better than we might normally see.
 But for us, the Q1 is, again, we're 100% domestic focused.
 You don't have white bodies, you don't have white bodies,
 We don't depend on the international piece and, you know, the right sizing we did on
 our capacity and our fleet, if you will, should kind of, you know, triangulate to, you know,
 goal being back to more or less normalized operating efficiency by the end of December
 at the beginning of January.
 Okay, great.
 Thanks for that, Rich.
 Thanks everyone.
 The next question is from Dan McKenzie with Seaport Global Securities.
 Please go ahead.
 Oh, hey, good morning guys, a couple questions here.
 I guess, first, another question on the corporate recovery.
 Big picture, you know, what are you hearing from corporate customers today on their travel
 plans for next year and then just related to that, you know, given the effects of
 volatility, I believe there's a certain percent of the revenue that actually benefits from
 a weaker Brazilian hail so I'm you know I'm thinking the oil and gas sectors I'm
 think in agriculture. So it seems like there should be a component of the revenue there
 that you do a little better, you know,
 if the Brazilian hail weakens.
 but maybe you could clarify or even correct me on that.
 That's it.
 Yeah, this is, personally, the customers that are taking this approach, the large corporates,
 They are basically saying they will resume flights from January 1.
 and it is somehow adapted to their home office policy,
 which is for the best majority, rather than to the end of this year.
 here.
 When we talk specifically to those statements you have just repeated, they are already pulling
 some troubles are had but this is not even close to the potential they have
 this to the next year on. In a side note, the way we have structured ourselves to address
 that is specific market by a new passenger service system
 We'll see you there.
 we will likely give it an additional...
 set of sales because we can now, in a much more flexible and fast way, address some
 specific demands,
 created by the corporate sector.
 So I believe that we will have the combination of a better product with a redesigned network
 with my uh...
 the big speed, we are now envisioning to have that segment, to see that segment catching up.
 Yeah, I guess okay. I'm sorry rich. Go ahead, please
 I'll go again.
 Yes.
 Well, I guess, you know, just to hide to that point, I guess what I was, you know, trying
 to get at is it seems like there should be some pent-up demand next year and so I guess
 it...
 just was thinking that there's potentially some more revenue upside here that folks might
 be underappreciating but you know going back to I guess you know a question for
 redo or is just with respect to that cut over a saber that you just reference, you know,
 the...
 the ability to market products in a way digitally that you haven't been able to
 who historically, you know, so you think about the grand vision, you know, what is the time
 frame for exploiting that full capability and, you know, how material could that be?
 I think that's going to be it.
 We're going to have 100% of these improvements, I mean,
 has been deployed until the end of this year.
 And then we will really congratulate you
 because those are marketing events,
 you'll be gradually offering that to the customers
 along 2002-22.
 It's really difficult to give you a flavor on how material those improvements can be,
 But we are now basically closing every single gap that we could get from customer service
 one of you, to a full legacy company, at the same time,
 I'm talking about digital services at the same time that we are now resuming the cask
 as advantage that we always had.
 So I believe that the combination of the two of them
 It's more than promising, something that can definitely
 positive that's like our results. But I wouldn't like to, because I couldn't at the moment,
 to share any percentage or precise numbers
 on that expectation.
 Okay, thanks for the time you guys.
 Thanks. Let me just, before we go to the next question on the cell side analyst, let me
 We then question we have from one of our buy-side investors,
 sending us questions on the platform.
 And I'll basically do that so that we don't have to save the people that sent the questions
 So the platforms don't have to wait until the end of this,
 but we'll come back to the next question for you.
 And so I thought that was as I go through this question from one of our 60 investors.
 It has three components on the results.
 explain what was the write-off of deposits for aircraft leases and aircraft lease deposits
 and main and superb deposits.
 So just to explain that to you.
 to answer your question, and the cash flow in the quarter
 the third quarter we recognize provisions for return of aircraft of 176 million
 And against that, we were able to use and reverted 166 million
 million rise of maintenance reserves and then we reduced, we have a reduction in deposits
 of two hundred sixty four million reais
 Now, all this relates to what I was speaking about previously,
 but it refers to us maintaining current or maintenance
 provisions for the transformation of the fleet from maxes to NGP.
 So the provision for the return of aircraft that's in that, and you can see that in the
 the tables in the back of the release and also in the footnote to the financial
 is about 176 million rise, which has to be provisioned because, you know, from an accounting
 perspective because we are accelerating the return of entries to the maxes and we are
 but no longer constituting any more menace reserves
 because we're utilizing the deposits,
 maintenance reserve deposits to cost that out,
 as I mentioned in the previous question.
 So there's more or less a 100% offset between use
 of maintenance reserves and what I just mentioned.
 Within that question as well, what was the provision
 legal proceedings in your cash flow. In the cash flow, we have payment for legal proceedings
 in there about a hundred and fifty million
 eyes related to contingencies on peace and co-fins taxes, and then there is, in that
 amount as well in that legal proceedings, why not, and that you're looking at there
 from the person who asked the question.
 There are other credits that increase the 192 million
 Realize that.
 Compensate.
 as well as compensate these values of these legal proceedings in the same amount and then
 the final component of the question in that category,
 what was the, what was the reason for the increase
 and other expenses in the third quarter versus the second quarter of 2021, which is basically
 296 million reais versus 167 million reais, and that is a necessity we had to constitute
 and increased provision for contingencies on peace and co-pay taxes for the importation
 in the aircraft, because one of our peers, Azul, lost a process in the amount of, lost
 a low suit of the amount of 150 million in your eyes and so that forced us to change
 our perspective from a possible loss on that discussion if those taxes apply to the importation
 of aircrafts is probable.
 in the accounting policies process when it goes to,
 probably you're going to have to constitute a probation.
 But that was a big thought.
 We have not yet lost the discussion with the government,
 but as one of our peers did lose the discussion,
 that then creates the need to increase the amount
 of provision on that.
 So hopefully that answers your questions
 on some of those details as you're looking at those items that are less
 So, operator, we can go back to the call list on the sell side now.
 And the next question will be from Saddy Fifth with Raymond James.
 Please go ahead.
 Hey, good morning. This is Madan for SAVI here.
 Either Richard or Kaki, if you could, regarding the 2022 cask ex-outlook, the 8% reduction
 versus 2019.
 Could you give us a little bit of color
 what you're thinking in terms of capacity, production, and utilization there.
 Also, is there any change in the NGV deliveries or anything we should consider there?
 I'm sorry, if you're asking about, we didn't...
 Could you repeat the question, because I think you're asking about 22.
 22.
 Okay, so I think it was more so maybe on the, you talked about an 8% reduction in cask
 from the fleet, I wasn't sure if the slide, I believe it was 23, if that was...
 You're talking about, like, in 2022, or?
 Yeah, the MAX has a lower operating cost than the NGs, and so has our aircraft portfolio
 increases the amount of aircraft that are maxed.
 that has a effect of reducing our unit costs.
 The main source of that is the lower fuel consumption
 you know, we're getting the edge advertised, you know, roughly for us, it's about 16 percent
 less fuel consumption.
 I think that's what you're asking about.
 Okay, certainly that makes sense.
 I'm sorry, I thought it was maybe early looking to 2022 on the Cascak side.
 Is there anything that we should consider though
 in terms of how you plan to return your fleet utilization
 or capacity early look in the 2020s that we should consider beyond the few savings there?
 Yeah, if I answer the question, I mean, we'll be back, you know, in our ecosystem, we'll
 be back to more normalized aircraft utilization numbers in the Q1, you know, which for us
 us is, you know, you know, it should be a sweet spot for us.
 It's kind of 12 hours a day of utilization.
 we expect to be back above 11 hours of utilization in the Q1.
 one.
 Okay.
 Thanks, Rich.
 And then if I could…
 …
 on the revenue side.
 versus what you were thinking in late July last quarter when you provided guidance to
 Now, what's in the four key revenue outlook?
 What has changed?
 I know you're talking, looking out into one queue,
 of some corporate segments have come back faster.
 but that 4Q never has gone lower versus late July,
 I was wondering what has changed since then.
 Yeah, sure. I think, you know, we, you know, revised down the revenue forecast for the Q4. It's mainly based on
 on lower overall yields in the market.
 And which has a big effect, just given the still situation
 low efficiency and then also in and that's overall market that's not just us
 And then the, and we've been staying out of the way of that scenario and how would you,
 How do we stay out of the way of that?
 you know, we keep capacity lower.
 And so when you combine those effects, you know,
 of staying out of the way of the low-yield environment,
 given the overcapacity, coming out of competitors,
 and adjusting our offer down or our capacity down.
 you know those two effects magnified
 into the reduced uh... revenue
 But the catalyst is obviously more on the yield side.
 We have the ability to flex up capacity faster
 we need to, given the amount of aircraft that we have.
 but we have had a management during this 20 months
 of the pandemic focused on two key metrics.
 One is preserving our unit cost advantage
 in the post-pandemic environment
 and also matching our cache inflows with cache outflows.
 So that limits what we can do.
 And you've seen how we've done that for those of you who
 to follow us. You've seen how we've done that through the pandemic in terms of
 about minimizing any operating cash burn.
 So how can we do that through the capacity equation?
 and it feels as better, we can track that up.
 I'll put us back to you next year.
 now in the process of reactivating our core networks, which
 who's mainly focused on the business problem,
 and as you saw in the slide as well,
 that shifts our focus from a network perspective
 from that massive hub we created in Barudios,
 managed to the pandemic based on connecting flights, which is not that convenient for
 goal passengers to going back to a more point-to-point network with a very attractive point-to-point
 flights out of our other hubs and also from our shuttle markets out of São Paulo, Rio
 in Brazil. That's happening as we speak and so at the goal in the goal ecosystem
 that can have a significant impact on yields as if we have some positive surprises on the
 on the court was coming back.
 I think we'll see that more in the Q1 because we're still
 transition on that. It was done up back to normalized levels on market capacity as well
 as a demand from the business travel.
 Now those effects that you mentioned on the revenue side, obviously they have the effect
 on EBITDA because it means lower scale and so less fixed cost solution and so that's
 why our expectations for 240 to dark down a bit.
 The other thing that is in there is, as I was mentioning,
 I think, and one of the previous questions,
 is an increase in catbex, about a 200 million
 increase in CAPEX in the Q4. That mainly relates to investments in spare parts
 and other assets related to reactivation of the outbreak.
 operating system.
 And you kind of, those are the factors, you know,
 One obviously on the yield capacity side,
 or the other on the capex side that account for about a $400 million real reduction in
 and our target of liquidity for the end of the Q4.
 But like half of that number is investment in assets.
 So like I said, it also has a side benefit of increasing the collateral pool that's in
 our Secured Notes program, and those same effects will get you to the difference in
 indeed leverage. Those exact same effects all kind of roll into that.
 And so it's a transitional quarter for us.
 There are some exchange rate effects in there, obviously, that kind of run through those
 calculations and put pressure on it, you know, on the net side of the equation also. And
 those resulted in massive negative exchange rate effects,
 but those are not economic and don't affect the classroom.
 just to highlight that,
 We have gotten some questions on what are exchange and monetary variations for those
 that aren't maybe familiar with investing in developing countries with weak functional
 And our cultural currency is real, therefore, we have to recognize the exchange reverberation
 on the balance sheet, and that produces accounting effects
 negative and positive.
 you know, the exchange and monetary variations, which continue to be quite large given the
 short-term negative evaluation of the Brazilian rail.
 And so with that, for the most part, we recommend kind of backing that out, which is what we
 we try to do in our furnished disclosure.
 Certainly. Well, thank you very much for the color there, which we appreciate it in the time.
 Okay.
 The next question is from Dwayne Fettigworth with Evercore ISI.
 All right, please go ahead.
 Thanks. Good to speak with you.
 On fleet, can you just maybe play back for us the fleet simplification opportunity here?
 I mean, it's not just Max, and you've outlined those.
 You did a number of fleet transactions.
 pre-COVID, short-term leases to solve for a gap,
 then COVID hit.
 help bring us up to speed on where we are with respect to those shorter term
 from leases rolling off and what the fleet simplification opportunity is here.
 Yes, yeah, we still have a fair amount of
 of NGs on short-term operating leases, where we have the optionality of either extending
 those or returning them.
 The nut there to crack is the available in Maxis.
 right now is constraint, in terms of the availability of matches, just given that following is still
 It's still only producing below 20 maxes a day, so it's still quite low, which is about
 third of what they were producing pre-pandemic.
 We have all the financing sources lined up to add as many maxes as we want to in the
 short term and next year, you know, the bottleneck is the availability of new maxes. There are
 are still some white cells out there,
 but they have significant configuration costs
 and other issues that make them less attractive.
 now.
 So we have the
 to accelerate the returns of energies based on the structure of our aircraft portfolio,
 which is still today at 100% operating lease.
 And I think another part of the simplification that you're mentioning that you're hinting
 yet is that we'll do also as we move into the acceleration
 of the transition from the end into the max.
 You know, in addition to this, you know, the operating costs benefit based on the lower
 fuel consumption and higher seat count on those aircraft and so on is the component
 of how we're financing those acquisitions,
 And so we will also be doing more finance-lease transactions
 move forward, you know, somewhere in the order between four and maybe as much as 16 of those
 next year, depending on the availability of maxes, and there's a significant equity value
 of creation that comes with that, as you saw on the previous cycle, when we did 40 financial
 please.
 On the first floor we find...
 that we created in excess of $500 million of cash equity gains through that process
 and also gives us equity to borrow against and things like that.
 And so the other component, I would say,
 doing of that is our ability to get back in the game of owning a portion of our fleet.
 The reason why we're 100% operating at least today
 you know, pre-pandemic, we had finalized the monetization of our NG portfolio, and we were
 in the midst of, you know, still in the midst of the max, the max Browning. And so we, in
 And then the pandemic happened, all that's kind of got pushed out.
 We have enormous flexibility to return NGs at a faster pace.
 And the bottleneck is the availability of maxes to do it.
 operationally, you know, we're scaled up in our operational capacity, you know, on a normalized
 The basis is easily, you know, two aircraft receipts and two re-deliveries per month,
 You know, two in, two out, four total.
 We can go as high as three per month given our operational capability.
 So for us it's operationally, easily done operationally to bring in 24 maxes and transition
 and now 24 NGs make sure if we need to do.
 So our fleet plan is a little bit less than that.
 and part of this is we're still in the sourcing
 of the right maxes for that activity,
 But I think it's important to mention that none of that
 going to consume our liquidity because we already have the financing sources lined up
 to pay for those max acquisitions that are in our plan plus some additional if we need it.
 We already have the, if you will, the liability is lined up.
 and we're still working on additional sourcing of aircraft.
 Hopefully that answers your question.
 Yeah, listen, it does. The delivery rate, you know, came up on the Ryanair call as well.
 So, I guess the question would be for the deliveries that you've outlined, you know,
 for the rest of this year and into 22.
 how many of those are already built.
 Um, and, you know, how does that forecast feel relative to kind of the delivery rate
 that you're seeing.
 In terms of what's coming out of the factory, we would need somewhere between 8 to 10 aircraft
 If the source is the factory, if the source is the factory,
 the sources of the Whitetail market, we've got that covered.
 And that's what we're working on as we speak.
 Because the issue with the white tail market
 if you have some additional reconfiguration costs
 that we wouldn't have if it was coming out of the factory for us.
 but maybe you can help us convince Boeing
 to ramp up production to some more aircraft.
 I wouldn't I wouldn't I wouldn't be your guy I wouldn't be your guy for that but
 But I'll speak one more in here, Rich, because I'm always interested in your thoughts here.
 What FX rate kind of drives the long-term plan and for what it's worth, how do we get
 there?
 to that long term rate.
 Thank you.
 Well, we're not in charge of that, but the most banked market
 or for an appreciating real, something with a forehand go on it at some point next year,
 If you take fair value calculations, our fair value calculations are below 4.
 You know, we're now 12 months inside of presidential elections in Brazil and so that is going to
 to be effective that will maintain volatility high.
 And we addressed in our presentation on the videos on the website this morning and also
 that are released.
 that the result fiscal situation is much better
 and improving. It's much better than the U.S. fiscal situation, for example. And, you know,
 BP in Q3 was up 4%.
 around 3% for the Q4, which is down a little bit.
 But I think, you know, my own personal opinion would be you're going to see weakness in the currency because of the political dynamic between now and October of next year.
 next year. But, you know, I'm going back to that key point, that is going to keep a
 relatively captive audience for us for domestic air travel, which is perhaps a silver lining
 on that, which is why we're not focused today on driving international travel.
 just giving a little purchasing power of Brazilians and Reyes.
 And I have to point you to market projections on that because there does seem to be a disconnect
 between the fundamentals of result and the currency,
 which are related to other factors.
 high oil prices are a bold factor for Brazil, you know, the raw materials sector in Brazil
 the extraction economy, which primarily drives the
 because the economy is doing very well during this pandemic.
 And that will create a positive effect in what other people are asking about in terms
 of the elasticity of the return of corporate travel in terms of those sectors being consumers
 of air travel.
 I think the exchange rate is less of an issue.
 issue. It obviously does affect cash flow because it pressures both the oil price that
 we have today which is now in dollars as well as the the aircraft costs which is
 It's not ideal.
 But it doesn't look like we're gonna be getting any,
 let's say market will be on that anytime soon.
 And just given the volatility and, you know, the relative perception of the, you know,
 the outside world on Brazil.
 That's my two cents on that, but we're not the boss of that.
 or we're price takers on that.
 Very fair. Thank you.
 Again, if you have a question, please press star then 1.
 The next question is from Alejandro Zamacona with Credit Suisse.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Hi, Paolo.
 Richard, thank you for taking my questions.
 I'm just curious on what's your view on the potential recovery of the international market
 to pre-COVID levels and what would be the impact on yields amid this international market
 reactivation.
 Actually, we are not that bullish on the international market recovery for 2022.
 is to different regulations and different sanitary requirements, which make us doubt
 whether it's going to be possible to harmonize
 above them in the first half of the year.
 So this is one thing.
 The second is also that a potential overcapacity
 capacity will be deployed because you can imagine the total amount of white bodies available
 in the wolf, those have not been utilized in the form
 for many months and also clearly if there's going to be one specific segment being severely
 affected by the so-called new normal behavior is going to be the long haul business trips.
 I think that this customer will really think twice
 before deciding to take a plane for a short business trip,
 mainly long haul so
 Honestly, I think that, generally speaking, the international markets will be affected
 They are already affected and that effect will last longer than expected.
 So, by another hand, I believe that the long haul leisure travelers will be there and mainly
 for the most important, there is destinations.
 So, you know, how important was the business traveler, pre-pandemic for those airlines operating
 white bodies, business classes, businesses, and first classes.
 I am not that pet relish about this specific market demand.
 Okay.
 And then a second question, if I may, on the maintenance.
 We saw a significant increase during this quarter
 maintenance extent. So we were wondering what was behind this increase and what can we expect
 going forward.
 I assume that it's attached from the deferred maintenance, but I'm just curious and hear
 your thoughts.
 Thank you guys.
 Yeah, sure.
 I guess you didn't hear the answer.
 Yeah, sure.
 to the previous question, but I'll go through that again.
 Again, you're asking about the increase in maintenance
 from Q2 to Q3 from 88 million ariels to 246 million ariels.
 That is from, and maybe I'll give it, I'll answer from a different perspective.
 That is related to the acceleration of the transition of the fleet from NGS to MAXIS,
 where we are accelerating the returns of aircraft.
 Now over the next couple months over the next year and
 And what you have to do on a quarterly basis is always be fully provisioned on your future
 re-delivery estimates.
 And so as we're accelerating now the return of the NDs,
 we have to increase the amount of provisions for maintenance on aircraft.
 And so in that particular case, there's a certain number of aircraft in the scene, you know,
 on the mid-single digits where those provisions increase.
 that. So it's in there. Always remember that that's, that's, you always have to be estimating
 If you do your accounting properly,
 So that's that question to make sure the companies are provisioning properly their future
 We deliver costs.
 You have to always be adjusting your provision for that.
 And for us, you know, the main component of those delivery
 cost is engine overhauls.
 And so in our particular case, as we increased the number of NGs that we're returning and, you know,
 The number of maxes that we're bringing in, those provisions in the Q3 increase from
 a million realized determined 461 grads.
 Okay.
 What I'm going to do is, yeah, no, sure, no, no worries.
 We have one more person in the queue to ask some questions,
 Before that, I'm gonna take another question
 that we have from the platform asking about yields,
 RASC and TASC 222-334 and so I'll just walk through that.
 We had a, you know, 15% increase in yields in the Q3 and, you know, it's implicit in
 our Q4 guidance is basically flat yields versus the Q3, you know we'll be
 You can serve it on that.
 given the capacity environment.
 Given that we are forecasting low-tectors up a little bit, that will, in the Q4, is implied
 a slight increase in RASC over where we were in the Q3.
 You know, we did the 26 cents in the Q3.
 You think we could be around something around 28 cents in the Q4?
 Now, the cost side of the equation, the recurring unit costs that we did in the Q3 of just under
 22 cents in real, in those Q4 guidance numbers that we provided is a similar level, even
 Even though we are, as I was mentioning, increasing the operating fleet and ballooning fixed costs
 As we return NGs and accelerate transitions from the maxes,
 we have a combination of, you know, higher.
 expenses for maintenance, for the re-deliveries, higher provisions, and also higher depreciation.
 And so that goes to just looking at it.
 That basically addresses that question, which
 This is basically a conservative forecast for the due for guidance we're providing.
 It's mainly volume driven, it's not being driven out of an increase in yields or a reduction
 than during the course.
 the fact he was mentioning, you know, if we get a higher
 it's possible to see on the business side,
 That's going to have a positive impact on yields.
 and, you know, could translate into better
 rather than others for the Q4.
 Without further ado, we can go back to the last question
 Thank you.
 Okay, I'm going to get one.
 Oh my gosh.
 Okay, can I walk?
 Where I don't get to take a picture?
 You can go to the last question at the queue.
 Again, if you have a question, please press star, then one.
 This will be the last opportunity for questions for Gall's Management.
 The next question is from Matthew Breckenrich from DSC Meridian.
 please go ahead
 Hi. My question has actually been answered. Thank you very much.
 Okay, Matt, thanks.
 This concludes today's question and answer session.
 I would like to invite Mr. Kakinoff to proceed with his closing remarks.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 I'd just like to thank you all very much for the attention in the United States.
 This concludes the Gold Airlines Conference call for today.
 Thank you very much for your participation and have a nice day.
 Stay.