 Welcome to the Goal Airlines 3rd Quarter 2021 Results Conference Call.
 This morning, the company made its numbers available, along with three videos with the
 rest of the day.
 results presentation, financial review, and preliminary Q&A.
 Goal hopes everyone connected has watched them.
 After the company's brief remarks, we will initiate the Q&A session when further instructions
 will be provided.
 this event is also being broadcast live via webcast
 and may be accessed through the company website at www.voegoal.com.br
 slash IR
 and on the MZIQ platform at www.mziq.com.
 Those following the presentation via the webcast may post their questions on the platform,
 and their questions will either be answered by the management
 during this call
 or by the Goal Investor Relations team after the conference is finished.
 Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of goals management
 and on information currently available to the company.
 they involve risks and uncertainties
 because they relate to future events
 and therefore depend on circumstances
 that may or may not occur.
 investors and analysts should understand
 that events related to macroeconomic conditions, industry, and other factors
 could also cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements.
 at this time
 I'll hand you over to Mr. Paul Kachanoff, CEO.
 Please begin.
 Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Go Red Line's quarterly earnings call.
 I would like to start by highlighting our most important achievements of the Spirit.
 The first one was the continued recovery in demand, which showed solid growth during the
 for the quarter.
 at the end of September
 Brazil became fourth among all countries with the most vaccines administered against COVID-19.
 Approximately 56% of Brazil's population is fully vaccinated
 and over 74% have received their first dose,
 a higher percentage than the vast majority of the countries, including the United States.
 Similar to demand trends in other markets, the rising vaccination rate in the general
 population is supporting the air market's ongoing recovery.
 As a result, gold's departures in the fourth quarter grew by 87%, reaching 52% of the levels in 2019.
 in response to this demand
 goes expanding its network
 and has already announced
 a new route from Congonhas
 too bonito
 starting this December.
 We are taking a conservative approach to increasing capacity as travel demand recovers
 to help maintain high road factors and profitability in our roads.
 the second important
 event was the transition of the fleet to Boeing Maxis. In preparation for the strong recovery in
 air travel, that would be
 expect to see in the coming quarters
 we sign agreements
 to accelerate the transformation of our flip
 with the acquisition of 28
 additional Boeing 737 MAX-8 aircraft.
 This initiative is expected to reduce the company's unit costs by 8% in 2022.
 Under the new contracts, we will run 2021 with 28 Marx aircraft, which represents 20% of the fleet.
 By the end of 2022, we expect to have 44 max aircraft raising this total to 32%.
 With current purchase commitments, we will meet our 2030 goal of having 75% of the fleet in this new aircraft.
 And, as is widely recognized, the MAX is 15% more fuel-efficient, generates 60% less carbon emissions, and is 40% quieter compared to the energy.
 this aircraft
 position us to grow even more
 competitively, expanding routes
 to new destinations, and providing
 efficiency gains, all of which will
 capture more value for all our stakeholders.
 The third important achievement was the conclusion of the merger with Smiles into GLE.
 The transaction will generate greater value from several operational synergies
 as well as new opportunities
 and strategies that will become
 even more significant during the
 airline market recovery.
 We are optimistic that the synergies from this corporate reorganization
 expected to be approximately
 the 3 billion reais in net
 present value for the next five years
 and the subsequent benefits to our shareholders will be realized in a relatively short period of time.
 With that, I will hand the floor over to Richard, our CFO, who will present some financial highlights.
 Thank you, Kaki.
 Our most recent notable event was the success of our liability management program.
 In September, we issued $150 million in a re-tap at 8% annual interest rate on our senior secured notes, maturing in 2026.
 Moody's assigned the notes
 a rating of B2.
 Proceeds from the offering will be used for general corporate purposes, including aircraft acquisitions and working capital.
 In October, we refinanced our short-term bank debt in the amount of Rp1.2 billion
 via the extension of the seventh series of debentures
 and the issuance of our eighth series of simple, non-convertible debentures.
 This refinancing enabled the company to return to its lowest level of short-term debt since 2014
 at about a half a billion reais,
 which will also improve Goal's credit metrics
 by better matching future assets and liabilities
 and reducing the company's average cost of debt.
 Our next relevant maturity date for outstanding debt is not until July 2024.
 for.
 Gold's balance sheet is now in a stronger position in terms of its outstanding debt
 versus our peers, which we view to be a competitive advantage in the current market environment.
 In addition, the company advertised around 518 million reais of debt in this quarter.
 the average maturity of goals long-term debt, excluding aircraft leases and perpetual notes,
 Here's approximately 3.4 years with the main obligations already addressed in our cash flow.
 The net debt ratio,
 excluding exchangeable notes and perpetual bonds to adjusted last 12 months EBITDA,
 was 9.7 times on September 30th, 2021, representing the lowest financial leverage among peers.
 Considering the amounts fundable from deposits and unencumbered assets,
 the company's potential sources of liquidity resulted in approximately
 6.1 billion reais of accessible liquidity.
 The recent capitalization of the balance sheet, with a capital increase led by the majority
 of the balance sheet.
 shareholder, represented the recognition of Gold's value as Brazil's largest airline
 with the best product.
 The refinancing of our short-term bank debt in October added to long-term capital of
 $2.7 billion raised in the second and third quarters of this year.
 totals over $3.9 billion of capital raised in the last seven months.
 As for our discussion of financial results for the quarter,
 it was shared this morning in the video presentation, and we believe you all had a
 chance to access that. In short, our work to reestablish operating margins that can support
 the sustained growth
 of our operations is bearing fruit.
 We ended the third quarter with an EBIT reaching 338 million reais and an operating margin
 totaling 17.7%.
 Concurrently, the adjusted EBITDA reached R$464 million with a 24.3% margin.
 evidencing our successful efforts in matching supply and demand.
 I will now return back over to Kakunov.
 Thanks, Richard.
 we are seeing a recovering demand for air travel
 and we believe that now
 with greater population immunization
 and the significant expansion of vaccination,
 we will have a strong fourth quarter
 coinciding with the start of the summer season.
 I would like to close by thanking our employees, the team of Egos, who are working with extreme
 professionalism and commitment.
 Of this intimidation,
 puts us in a solid position to expand operations and achieve profitable growth.
 We reiterate our confidence that gold will emerge as strong and even more resilient as markets normalize.
 Now, I would like to initiate the Q&A session.
 Thank you.
 The conference call is now open for questions.
 If you have a question, please press star 1 on your touchtone phone at this or any time.
 If at any point your question is answered, you may remove yourself from the queue by pressing star 2.
 We ask that when you ask your questions, speak close to the receiver of the device so that everyone can hear you clearly.
 Participants can also send questions via the webcast platform.
 You need to click on the question mark in the upper left corner and type in your question.
 Please hold while we poll for questions.
 Thank you.
 Our first question is from Stephen Trent with Citi.
 Please go ahead.
 Good morning, gentlemen, and thanks very much for taking my questions, guys.
 I just kind of wanted, you know, your high-level views on international demand to the U.S. spooling up again.
 And, you know, now that you're partnering with American Airlines, you know, what sort
 of bigger opportunity are you seeing on the horizon?
 And do you see any opportunity as well for American to possibly increase its stake and goal at some point in the future?
 Hi, Stephen.
 Hey Stephen, I reckon I'll hear you.
 Good morning.
 Thank you very much for your question.
 Let me give you an overview on the North American market specifically.
 Firstly, you know, we are now gradually reintroducing our international roots.
 So we have already made available the ticket sales for Cancun in Mexico, Punta Cana in
 the Dominican Republic, and we are now resuming flights
 to Multivideo and Buenos Aires.
 So the United States, it will be likely the route to be added in our international portfolio
 by the second quarter next year.
 And this is because, you're right, the borders are now open to the Brazilians, but, and there
 is it, it, it, it,
 considerable, but which is
 default.
 the exchange rate
 made the
 purchase, the ticket purchase, and the whole trip cost, including hotels, credit card
 expats
 3
 expensive
 from a Brazilian perspective.
 you know
 the rail has
 devolvated by
 significantly
 along the last quarter.
 so
 So, the Brazilian economic conditions also were affected during the last three months.
 the combination of a clear excitement to resume international trips has a great contrast with the
 the important constraints imposed by the exchange rate.
 So the passengers are willing to fly,
 mainly to the United States, but that trip became quite expensive at the moment.
 So I cannot say that there is a boom related to airline tickets to fly to the United States.
 You know, we are about to begin the Brazilian high season, December and January.
 and cheaply
 that adhere to any EUC
 more
 that's
 who are willing to travel for a leisure purpose.
 This is not going to be different this year.
 maybe
 uh
 is widely
 better for the
 international markets and the second constraint which is also affecting the
 demand is that there is
 a backlog
 to provide North American visas to the Brazilians,
 which will not be
 soaked
 or neither address it in the short term.
 So if you have five members,
 a family of five
 moment.
 he's pretty much likely
 at least one of them
 has no but he's up
 at the moment
 making us possible
 to fly to the United States.
 So all those things combined are affecting the potential flight catch-up that we could get if not by these two constraints.
 And finally, in our case, we have the partnership with American Alliance, who has already deployed
 a considerable capacity increase for the following three months.
 So we have decided to support that investment by selling the American Alliance tickets in our channels, as we have done already since April 2020.
 And through that strategy, we are simultaneously attending our customers and supporting this
 additional capacity increase deployed by American Alliance, our partners.
 Well, we believe that this is the best strategy to cope with, the current demand, and then
 We will resume our on-flight from Brasilia to Florida, a market which has not been attended
 by American Alliance at the moment,
 from the second quarter next year on.
 So this is, I mean, an overview on the North American market from a Brazilian perspective
 in the airline segment.
 Super tacky
 Really appreciate that.
 And just very quickly, one last thing on business travel.
 any sort of high-level trends
 you're seeing in the domestic market
 and let me leave it at that.
 Thank you.
 We might be surprised by the speed through which the business segment is recovering its pre-pandemic level.
 We are now verifying that, identifying actually, that some specific segments in Brazil is catching up its business travel behavior, even above the pre-pandemic level.
 Those are the services, generally speaking, mainly those companies pretty much benefited
 by the new customer behavior.
 so like
 food delivery, just to say
 one example
 and e-commerce
 first.
 So those segments are booming and they are probably more than they were before in the pre-pandemic.
 and also some, if I could say so, some other traditional segments,
 Those are pretty strong in Brazil, such as the agricultural business, oil and gas, and some specific industries.
 So, we foresee that by the beginning of the next year, we might be above our prior projection,
 which has considered that one-third of the business travelers would be gunned for good,
 which might be not the case
 So, it's too early to be precise.
 on that projection
 that at this
 this moment
 we see that
 some
 segments are
 recovering faster than
 than expected.
 Great. Thank you very much, Kaki.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from Mike Linenberg with Deutsche Bank.
 Please go ahead.
 Oh, yeah. Hey, good morning, everybody.
 I want to just kind of run through liquidity, and I want to make sure I'm sort of comparing apples to apples here.
 So SEPQ, your total liquidity, it looked like it ended at 2.1 billion reais and you're guiding to 3.8 at year end.
 is that
 Rich, is that predominantly the American Airlines investment and an improvement or an increase in your ATL?
 or is there
 other things
 we should be
 mindful of
 you know
 the
 you know, any
 transaction that's not closed
 is not acting in those numbers.
 So that is not in those numbers, Michael, nor is new additional capital raising.
 The Q3 number, and I'll walk you through that.
 a Q3 number which was composed of the 4 billion
 realize that you mentioned, which is
 about 1.1
 billion of cash investments, about
 $300 million
 of
 restricted cash, about $600 million
 of accounts receivable and 1.9 billion reais of deposits, the way that would break down
 in the Q4 would be about
 $900 to $1 billion of cash and investments, which is down around $200 million.
 their eyes
 because as we ramp up to the high season
 and get our fleet back up above 100 operating aircraft.
 for investing in working capital, spare parts, if you will,
 to get all these aircrafts up and flying.
 So that's effectively going into assets, but it's obviously consuming some liquidity,
 And to some extent, it's also increasing our spare parts inventory, which supports the
 collateral in our Seniorship Care Notes program.
 The restricted cash will be a similar balance of around $300 million.
 Reyes
 yep
 accounts receivable
 accounts receivable increases about
 200 million reais to 800 million reais.
 That's obviously associated with the ramp-up and operations.
 that we expect by the Q1, we should be back to a more normalized level of accounts receivable,
 which would be, you know,
 somewhere between $1 to $1.2 billion.
 guys. Okay.
 deposit amount
 The positive amount goes down from the Q3 to the Q4 by about $100 million, because as
 as we return aircraft, you know, we use some of those security deposits as well as maintenance
 reserve deposits to cost out
 the returns of the NGs
 As you know, we're accelerating our transition from the energy to the masses, and so we're
 using those deposits to cost out
 air traffic deliveries, which is why, as we've said,
 You know, we do have access to those deposits as it relates to the asset that they're supporting.
 and so that's why we include that number in our liquidity.
 So that basically, there's no external capital raising in there.
 It's all operational, so the difference...
 which is around, you know, that total number down from $4 billion to $3.8 billion.
 And it basically represents an investment in working capital, spare parts, to end the year with a little over 100 operating aircraft.
 Okay, that's helpful.
 so it's flattish to slightly down before anything
 and we know that we're hopeful
 capital raising in there
 as you know, we have
 In addition to that, and kind of maybe taking advantage of your question
 because we have
 the question of how we get to the six point one billion of liquidity
 uh... in addition to what i described you know we have
 uh... potential financial sources of
 based on
 existing unencumbered assets that we have
 of a little over $2 billion.
 reacts. And so how we get to the six billion
 And the additional $2 billion comes out of unencumbered assets.
 About half of that is the collateral we have through the loyalty program.
 You know, in the Q3, we finalized the take-in of the loyalty program.
 So now we control 100% of those assets and the additional collateral we have in spare parts and intellectual property,
 which, if we wanted to, could be deposited into our Senior Security NOS program to raise
 additional capital we have no plans currently
 uh... to do anything with this additional part of it is important to highlight
 that the unencumbered assets that we have
 represents a potential additional two billion reais
 of long-term capital should we choose to pursue that.
 Okay, now that's super helpful.
 And then just, you know, you're always helpful in sort of calling out, you know, the, call it the non-operating expenses associated with fleet idleness and personnel-related costs.
 And in this quarter, this fourth quarter, it looks like it's just going to be under a billion reais.
 guys.
 Now, over the year, that number has actually moved up meaningfully, despite the fact that you are putting more people and planes back into service.
 so I don't know
 is that
 Is that an FX-related issue, what's driving that number?
 or am I just my logic in thinking that as you put more people and planes back to work
 and that that should go down, that maybe there's something wrong there
 and how it's being accounted for.
 If you could just detail that.
 Thanks, Rich.
 Yeah, I think what you're, I think it's a,
 The depreciation effect, Michael, which is a non-cash effect in there.
 Okay.
 Let me get back to that because that's a more technical calculation.
 but obviously in that, you know, in the unit cost is the depreciation.
 And so part of it relates to that.
 also, you know, in the Q3, you know,
 In the Q3, the number of flights is still reduced.
 and so
 substantial ramp-up in the
 in the Q4
 Okay.
 And I will kind of revert back.
 But in the Q3, also in the month of September, as you know, we had to scale back a little bit given the transition of our PSS,
 which impacted our scale and our revenues and our ability to improve fixed-cost solution
 because of the migration to the revenue system,
 which was done in August and September.
 But in the Q3, you know, we had 70 aircraft operated,
 And so we still have 60 aircraft still idle in the Q3.
 And so what you're seeing there in the Q3 is the effect of those 60 aircraft still idle.
 So that number at the end of the Q4 will be reduced to, you know, hopefully less than 30.
 And so those, you know, we're trying to, you know, separate that out.
 I think we're one of the few companies that tries to separate that out for you guys.
 when we're separating the idle costs
 versus the uh... whole
 uh... we'll probably see a normalization
 on a on a unit cost basis
 for comparative purposes in the Q1.
 because we're still going to have, you know,
 idle cost in the Q4.
 So now when you say normal in Q1,
 Are you saying that approach is zero in Q1?
 or I'm just assuming it gets to zero by the back part of 2022,
 too, but maybe it gets there sooner.
 Oh, no, no, no, no.
 and if you want to go to get work
 You know, we've returned aircrafts.
 we are
 This Q4 is activation of a majority of the grounded aircraft.
 And as we get into the January-February high season, you know,
 So there might be a little bit in there in the Q4, but for the most part will be eliminated.
 And then when you get into the normal seasonality, you know,
 The Q2 for us is kind of a down seasonality normally.
 We'll have to see where, how the, as Scott Keith said,
 we could have some positive surprises on the corporate demand,
 taking the Q2 of next year
 a little bit better than we might
 normally see, but for us, the Q1
 Because, again, you know, we're 100% domestic focused.
 We don't have wide bodies.
 We don't depend on the international piece.
 And the right sizing we did on our capacity and our fleet, if you will, should kind of triangulate to gold being back to more or less normalized operating efficiency by end of December, beginning of January.
 Okay, great.
 Thanks for that, Rich. Thanks, everyone.
 The next question is from Dan McKenzie with Seaport Global Securities.
 Please go ahead.
 Oh, hey, good morning, guys. A couple questions here. I guess first, another question on the corporate recovery. Big picture, you know, what are you hearing from corporate customers today on their travel plans for next year?
 and then just related to that
 you know, given the FX volatility, I believe there's a certain percent of the revenue that
 actually benefits from a weaker Brazilian hail.
 So, you know, I'm thinking the oil and gas sectors.
 I'm thinking agriculture.
 So it seems like there should be a component of the revenue there that should do a little better, you know, if the Brazilian hail weekends.
 But, you know, maybe you could clarify or even correct me on that.
 Yeah, this is...
 First of all, the customers are telling us the following.
 is the large corporates, they are basically saying
 they will resume flights on January 1.
 and it is somehow attached to their home office policy, which is, for the vast majority,
 rather than to the end of this year.
 Why don't we talk specifically to those statements
 to have just repeated,
 they are already
 you
 yep
 pulling some troubles ahead, but this is not even close to the potential they have told
 this to
 the next
 year on
 you know
 In a side note,
 the reason we have
 we structured ourselves
 to address that specific market
 via a new passenger service system, the Sabre,
 we will likely give this
 an additional
 you know
 set of sales
 because we can now
 in a much more flexible
 and
 such
 way
 uh... address
 um
 specific demands
 rated by the corporate cycle.
 So I believe that we will have the combination of a better product with a redesigned network
 with my activities.
 The speed we are now envisioning to have that segment, to see that segment catching up.
 Go ahead. I'm sorry, Rich. Go ahead, please.
 Go ahead, then.
 No, don't say.
 Well, I guess, you know, just tied to that point,
 And I guess what I was trying to get at is it seems like there should be some pent-up demand next year.
 And so I guess I just was thinking that there's potentially some more revenue upside here
 that folks might be underappreciating.
 um but you know going back to i guess you know a question for ado or or um is just with respect
 to that cut over a saber
 that you just referenced.
 You know, the ability to market products in a way digitally that you haven't been able to historically.
 You know, so if you think about the grand vision, you know, what is the time frame for
 exploiting that full capability and, you know,
 How material could that be?
 I think that it's going to be
 have a cool
 you're going to have
 We have 100% of these improvements and enhancements deployed until the end of this year.
 and then we review gradually because those are marketing events uh you'll be gradually offering
 and that's the customer is a long,
 to pose into a venue queue.
 it's really
 really difficult to
 to give you a flavor
 on how
 material
 or those improvements can be.
 but we are now
 basically closing
 every single gap
 that we could get from a customer service point of view to a full legacy company at
 the things that you're speaking to me.
 I'm talking about digital services.
 At the same time that we are now resuming the CASC as advantage that we always had.
 So I believe that the combination of the two things is more than promising.
 It's something that can definitely positively affect our results.
 but I wouldn't like to
 because it couldn't at the moment
 to share any
 any percentage or
 Yeah.
 or precise numbers on that expectation.
 Okay, thanks for the time, you guys.
 Thanks.
 Let me just, before we go to the next question on the cell site analyst,
 Let me weave in a question we have from one of our BuySide investors sending us questions on the platform.
 and I'll basically do that
 so that we don't have to save
 the people that sent the
 questions through the platform.
 We'll have to wait until the end of this,
 but we'll come back to the next question from the cell site analyst
 as I go through this question from one of our
 It has 50 of investors.
 it has three components
 on the results.
 Let me explain what was the write-off of deposits for aircraft leases and aircraft leased deposits
 and maintenance of herb deposits.
 just to explain that to you.
 to answer your question and the cash flow
 in the quarter of the third quarter
 We recognized provisions for return of aircraft of $176 million.
 realize
 uh... and against that
 we
 uh... were able to use and reverted
 uh... one hundred
 and $66 million of maintenance reserves.
 And then we reduced, we have a reduction in deposits of $264 million.
 eyes. And all this relates to what I was speaking about previously, but it refers to us maintaining
 current are
 maintenance provisions
 for the transformation of the fleet from MAX's to NG's.
 engine so really the provision for the return of aircraft that's in that and
 You can see that in the tables in the back of the release
 and also in the footnote to the financial statement
 is about $176 million,
 which has to be a provision because, you know, from an accounting perspective,
 because we are accelerating the return of NGS to maxes.
 And we are no longer constituting any more maintenance reserves
 because we're utilizing deposits, maintenance reserve deposits, to cost that out, as I mentioned in the previous question.
 So there's more or less a 100% offset between use of maintenance reserves and what I just mentioned.
 within that question as well
 what was the provision for legal proceedings in your cash flow
 In the cash flow, we have payment for legal proceedings in there.
 of about 150 million reais
 related to
 contingencies on PIS and co-FINS taxes,
 And then there is, in that amount as well, in that legal proceedings line item that you're
 looking at there from the person who asked the question, there are other credits that
 increase to 192 million reais that
 often say
 Well, let's compensate these values of these legal proceedings in the same amount.
 And then the final component of the question in that category,
 what was the reason for the increase in other expenses in the third quarter
 versus the second quarter of 2021, which is basically $296 million
 versus 167 million reais, and that is a necessity we had to constitute an increased provision
 for contingencies on peace and cocaine taxes
 for the importation of aircraft
 Because one of our peers, Azul, lost a process in the amount of, lost a lawsuit in the amount
 of $150 million, and so that forced us to change our perspective from a possible loss
 on that discussion
 if those taxes apply to the importation of aircraft, the probable.
 and
 in the accounting policies process
 when it goes to probably even have to constitute a provision.
 But that was a big thought.
 we have not yet lost to the,
 discussion with the government
 but as one of our peers did lose the discussion,
 that then creates the need to increase the amount of provision on that.
 So hopefully that answers your questions on some of those details as you're looking at those items that are less focused on.
 So, operator, we can go back to the call list on the sell-side analyst.
 And the next question will be from Saturday 5th with Raymond James.
 Please go ahead.
 Hey, good morning.
 This is Matt on Versavi here.
 either Rich or Kotke
 If you could, regarding the 2022 CASCX outlook, the 8% reduction versus 2019,
 team. Could you give us a little bit of color on what you're thinking in terms of capacity
 production and utilization there um also is there is there any change in in the um ngv deliveries or
 or anything we should consider there.
 sorry
 You're asking about
 we didn't
 Could you repeat the question?
 because I think you're asking about 22 guys.
 2022, right?
 Kaz, that's okay.
 so I think it was more so maybe on the
 he's had about an 8% reduction
 and CASC from the fleet.
 I wasn't sure if the slide
 I believe it was 23
 Oh, okay, you're fucked up.
 an early outlook into 2022.
 or
 yeah
 there's
 The MAX has a lower operating cost than the NGUs,
 So as our aircraft portfolio increases,
 the amount of aircraft that are
 max
 that has an effect of reducing our unit costs.
 cost the main source of that is the
 the lower fuel
 uh... construction and you know we're getting the as advertised
 Roughly for us, it's about 16% less fuel consumption.
 So I think that's what you're asking about then.
 Okay, certainly, that makes sense.
 I'm sorry, I thought it was maybe early looking to 2022 on the Kaskak side.
 Is there anything that we should consider, though, in terms of how you plan to return
 to your fleet utilization or capacity
 early like in the 2022 that we should consider?
 beyond
 the
 and if I was
 Thank you for sharing that.
 Yeah.
 Thank you for sharing that.
 that part of the question it will be back you know in our
 ecosystem we'll be back to more
 normalized aircraft utilization numbers in the Q1,
 you know, which for us is, you know, it should be,
 Well, the sweet spot for us is kind of 12 hours a day of utilization.
 You know, we expect to be back above 11 hours of utilization in the Q1.
 Okay, thanks, Rich.
 And then if I go on the revenue side,
 versus what you were thinking
 in late July
 last quarter when you provided guidance
 to now what's in the four-key revenue outlook.
 What has changed?
 I know you're looking out in the one queue
 how some corporate segments have
 come back faster, but
 that 4Q number has gone lower
 versus late July, so I was wondering what has
 changed since then?
 that's right
 I think, you know, we revised down the revenue forecast for the Q4.
 It's mainly based on lower overall yields in the market.
 which has a big effect
 just given the
 still a situation of
 low efficiency and then also and that's overall market that's not just us and
 and then the, and we've been staying out of the way of that scenario,
 and how do we stay out of the way of that
 you know, we keep
 capacity lower.
 And so when you combine those effects, you know,
 staying out of the way of the low-yield environment, given the overcapacity coming out of competitors
 and adjusting our offer down
 or
 to
 capacity down, you know, those two effects magnify into the reduced revenue.
 But the catalyst is obviously more on the yield side.
 But, you know, we have the ability to flex up capacity faster if we need to, given the amount of aircraft that we have.
 But, you know, we have had a management during this 20 months of the pandemic focused on two key metrics.
 One is preserving our unit cost advantage in the post-pandemic environment and also matching our cash inflows with cash outflows.
 And so that limits what we can do.
 And you've seen how we've done that for those of you that are following us.
 You've seen how we've done that through the pandemic in terms of minimizing any operating cash burn.
 And how do we do that through the capacity equation?
 And if yields are better, we can track that up.
 But as Takim mentioned, we're now in the process
 reactivating our core networks which is mainly focused on the business traveler
 and as you saw
 on this life as well
 shifts our focus from a network perspective
 from that massive hub we created in Guadalajos
 managed through the pandemic based on connecting
 flights, which is not that
 convenient for gold passengers
 to going back to a more point-to-point network
 with a very attractive
 point-to-point flights out of our other hubs
 and also from our cell markets out of Sao Paulo, Rio, and Brazilian.
 That's happening as we speak.
 and so at the goal
 uh... in the goal uh... ecosystem
 that can have a significant impact on yields
 as if we have some positive surprises on the corporates coming back.
 I think we'll see that more in the Q1 because we're still in a transition on that.
 We've done that back to normalized levels on market capacity, as well as demand from the business traveling.
 And those are the facts that you mentioned on the revenue side.
 Obviously, they have the effect on EBITDA because it means lower scale
 and so less fixed-cost pollution.
 and so that's why our expectations for Q40
 the dog down a bit.
 The other thing that is in there is, as I was mentioning, I think, in one of the previous questions,
 is an increase in CapEx,
 about a 200 million real increase in CapEx in the Q4.
 that mainly relates to investments in spare parts inventories
 and other assets related to reactivation of the operating system.
 And so when you kind of, those are the factors, you know,
 One, obviously, on the yield capacity side and the other on the CapEx side that account for about a 400 million real reduction in our target of liquidity for the end of the Q4.
 but about half of that number is investment in assets.
 Like I said, it also has a side benefit of increasing the collateral pool that's in our secured notes program.
 And those same effects will get you to the difference in the leverage.
 those exact same
 effects all kind of
 roll into that
 And so it's a transitional quarter for us.
 um...
 and um...
 uh... there are there are some uh... exchange rate effects in there obviously
 uh...
 they kind of run through those calculations and put pressure on it
 you know, on the net side of the equation also
 uh... and those result in massive
 exchange rate effects, but those are not economic and don't affect the cash flow.
 just to highlight that because we have gotten some questions on.
 what are
 exchange and monetary
 variations
 you know
 for those that aren't maybe familiar with investing in developing countries
 with weak functional currencies.
 and our functional currency is real, therefore, we have to recognize the exchange rate variation
 on the balance sheet, and that produces accounting effects in negative and positive, you know,
 exchange in my
 voluntary variations, which continue to be quite large given the short-term negative devaluation
 up the Brazilian Royale.
 and so the fact
 for the most part, we recommend
 kind of
 backing that out
 which what we which is what we try to do in our
 in our
 uh...
 furnished disclosures.
 Certainly.
 Well, thank you very much, Father Culler, there.
 I really appreciate it and your time.
 Okay.
 The next question is from Dwayne Fennecworth with Evercore ISI.
 Please go ahead.
 Hey, thanks.
 Good to speak with you.
 on fleet
 can you just maybe play back
 simplification opportunity here.
 I mean, it's not just Max, and you've outlined those.
 You did a number of fleet transactions pre-COVID, you know, short-term leases to solve for a gap.
 Then COVID hit.
 Can you just help bring us up to speed on where we are with respect to those shorter-term leases rolling off
 and what the fleet simplification opportunity is here.
 Yes.
 Yeah, we still have a fair amount of NGs on short-term operating leases where we have,
 you know, the optionality of either
 extending those or returning them.
 The nut there to crack is the available in Maxis.
 market right now is
 constraint in terms of the availability.
 and Max has just given that Boeing is still
 only producing
 below 20 maxes a day, so it's still quite low,
 which is about a third of what they were producing pre-pandemic.
 we have all the financing sources lined up to
 had
 as many maxes as we want to in the short term and next year.
 The bottleneck is the availability of new matches.
 There are still some whitetails out there, but they have significant configuration costs and other issues that make them less attractive.
 Now, so we have the ability to accelerate the returns of energy based on the structure
 of our aircraft portfolio, which is still today of 100% operating lease.
 uh...
 And I think another part of the simplification that you're
 mentioning or that you're hinting at is that what we will do also as we move into the acceleration
 of the transition from the engine to the max.
 In addition to this, the operating costs benefit based on the lower fuel consumption
 and higher seat count on those aircraft and so on is the component of how we're financing those acquisitions.
 And so we will also be doing more finance lease transactions as we move forward,
 somewhere in the order of between
 for
 and maybe as much as 16 of those next year,
 depending on the availability
 maxes, and there's a significant equity value creation that comes with that, as you saw
 on the previous cycle when we did
 40 finance leases on the first dollar with Boeing
 that we created in excess of sovereignly
 of dollars in cash equity gains through that process.
 and it also gives us equity to borrow against
 and things like that.
 So I guess the other component, I would say,
 doing of that is
 our ability to
 It's back in the game of owning a portion of our fleet.
 You know, the reason why we're 100% operating lease today is, you know, pre-pandemic, we had finalized the monetization of our NG portfolio, and we were in the midst of, you know, still in the midst of the max grounding.
 And so we, in that, under the pandemic happened, all that's kind of got pushed out.
 So we have enormous flexibility to return NGs at a faster pace.
 and the bottleneck gives the availability of Max is to do it.
 operationally
 You know, we're scaled up.
 You know, our operational capacity, you know,
 on a normalized basis is easily, you know,
 two aircraft receipts and two re-deliveries per month, you know, two in, two out.
 For a total, we can go as high as three per month, given our operational capability.
 So for us, it's easily done operationally to bring in 24 maxes
 and transition out 24 NGs next year if we need to do.
 so our fleet plan is a little bit less than that
 And part of it is because we're still in the sourcing of the right maxes for that activity.
 but i think it's important to mention that none of that is going to consume
 our liquidity
 because we already have the financing sources lined up
 to pay for those max acquisitions that are in our plan
 plus some additionals if we need it.
 We already have the, if you will, the liability is lined up,
 And we're still working on additional sourcing of aircraft.
 Hopefully that answers your question.
 Yeah, listen, it does.
 The delivery rate, you know, came up on the Ryanair call as well.
 So I guess the question would be for the deliveries that you've outlined, you know, for the rest of this year and into 22, how many of those are already built?
 and, you know, how does that forecast feel relative to kind of the delivery rate that you're seeing?
 Well, in terms of what's coming out of the factory, we would need, you know, somewhere
 between eight to ten aircrafts, if the source is the factory,
 If the source is the whitetail market, we've got that covered.
 And that's what we're working on as we speak.
 because the issue with the whitetail market
 is we have some additional reconfiguration costs
 that we wouldn't have if it was coming out of the factory for us.
 but
 But maybe you can help us convince Boeing to ramp up production to sell more aircraft.
 I wouldn't
 I wouldn't be your guy
 I wouldn't be your guy for that.
 But just I'll sneak one more in here, Rich, because I'm always interested in your thoughts here.
 You know, what FX rate kind of drives the long-term plan and, you know, for what it's
 worth, you know, how do we get there?
 How do you see the path to that long-term rate?
 Thank you.
 Well, we're not in charge of that, but the, you know, most bank market forecasts are for an appreciating real, you know, something with a forehandle on it at some point next year.
 If you take fair value calculations, our fair value calculations are below four.
 you know we're now
 12 months inside of
 presidential elections in Brazil
 and so that
 So that is going to be a factor that will maintain volatility high.
 You know, we addressed in our presentation on the videos on the website this morning
 and also in our release
 I mean, the Brazil fiscal situation is much better and improving.
 I mean, it's much better than the U.S. fiscal situation, for example.
 and you know
 GDP in Q3 was up 4%.
 it's around
 3% for the Q4, which is down a little bit.
 but I think, you know, my own personal opinion would be
 you're going to see
 weakness in the currency
 uh... because of the political dynamic uh... between now and october next year
 um...
 But, you know, going back to Taki's point,
 that is going to keep a relatively captive audience for us for domestic air travel, which
 which is perhaps a silver lining on that,
 which is why we're not focused today on driving international travel, just given the lower
 purchasing power of
 brazilians in realize
 And I have to point you to market projections on that
 because there does seem to be a disconnect
 between the fundamentals of result
 and the currency which are related to other factors
 High oil prices are a gold factor for Brazil.
 You know, the raw materials sector in Brazil
 the extraction economy
 which probably drive the same economy
 has been doing very well during this pandemic.
 and that will
 greater positive effects
 in, you know,
 and what other people were asking about
 in terms of the elasticity of the return of corporate travel
 in terms of those sectors being consumers of air travel.
 So on the volume side, I think the exchange rate is less of an issue.
 it obviously does affect
 cash flow because it pressures
 is both the oil price that we have to pay,
 which is about a million dollars as well as the uh...
 uh... the aircraft uh... costs uh... which is not ideal
 But it doesn't look like we're going to be getting any, let's say,
 market relief on that anytime soon.
 and
 just give them the volatility
 and, you know, the relative perception of the, you know, the outside world on Brazil.
 So that's my two cents on that, but we're not the boss of that.
 And, you know, we're price takers on that.
 Very fair.
 Thank you.
 Again, if you have a question, please press star, then 1.
 The next question is from Alejandro Zamacona with Credit Suisse.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you. Hi, Pablo. Hi, Richard. Thank you for taking my questions.
 I'm just curious on what's your view on the potential recovery
 of the international market to pre-COVID levels
 and what would be the impact
 on yields amid this
 international market reactivation.
 Hi, Alejandro. Actually, we are not that bullish on the international market recovery for 2022.
 there are still different regulations
 different sanitary
 you
 requirements.
 which make this
 doubt whether
 it's going to be possible to
 to harmonize a lot of them in the first half of the year.
 So this is one thing.
 The second is also that a potential overcapacity will be deployed because you can imagine the total amount of white bodies available in the world.
 those have not been
 utilized
 for
 I mean, many months.
 And also, clearly, if there's going to be one specific segment being severely affected by the so-called
 new normal behavior
 is going to be the
 long-haul business trips
 I think that this customer will really think twice before deciding to take a plane for a short business trip, mainly long haul.
 So, honestly, I think that, generally speaking,
 the international markets
 where you'll be
 Uh,
 uh,
 affected
 there are
 and affected, and that effect will last longer
 than expected.
 so
 On the other hand, I believe that long-haul leisure travelers will be there and mainly
 for the most important
 the risk destinations.
 So...
 But, you know, how important was the business trouble
 pre-pandemic for those
 airlines operating white bodies, business classes, businesses and first classes, I am
 not that bullish
 about this specific market demand.
 Okay, thank you. And then a second question, if I may, on the maintenance. We saw a significant increase during this quarter in the maintenance expense.
 So we were wondering what was behind this increase
 and what can we expect going forward.
 I assume that it's a catch-up from the deferred maintenance, but I'm just curious to hear your thoughts.
 Thank you, guys.
 Yeah, sure, Andrew. I guess you didn't hear the answer to the previous question, but I'll go through that again.
 you're asking about
 the increase in maintenance expenses
 from the Q2 to the Q3
 from 88 million reais
 to 246 million reais
 that is from
 and maybe I'll give it
 I'll give it, I'll answer it from a different perspective.
 That is related to the acceleration of the transition of the fleet from NGs to Maxes,
 where we are accelerating
 the
 returns of aircraft
 now over the next couple of months
 over the next year
 and what you have to do on a quarterly basis
 is always be fully provisioned on your future re-delivery estimates.
 And so as we're accelerating now, the return of the MDs, we have to top up.
 We have to increase the amount of provisions for maintenance on aircraft.
 And so in that particular case,
 There's a certain number of aircraft in the mid-single digits where those provisions increase.
 so what's in there
 I always remember that.
 That's, that's,
 You always have to be estimating.
 if you do you're kind of property
 always ask that question to make sure the companies are provisioning properly their
 future re-delivery
 costs, you have to always be
 adjusting your
 uh...
 provision
 that brought me
 component of those delivery costs is engine overhauls
 and so in our particular case uh... as we increased
 the number of NGs that were returning,
 and, you know,
 The number of matches that we're bringing in,
 those provisions in the Q3 increase
 from 88 million reais to 246 million reais.
 Okay.
 what I'm going to do
 Yeah, no, sure, no, no worries.
 we have
 one more person in the queue
 to ask a question.
 But before that, I'm going to take another question
 that we have from the
 platform
 which is
 asking about
 yields
 RASC and CASC, Q2, Q3, Q4, and so I'll just walk through that.
 You know, we had a, you know, 15% increase in yields in the Q3, and, you know, what's
 Inplicit in our Q4 guidance is basically flat yields versus the Q3.
 you know we're being conservative on that
 given the capacity environment, given that we are forecasting load factors up a little
 bit, that will, in the Q4, is implied a slight increase in RASC over where we were in the
 Q3.
 You know, we did the 26 cents in the Q3.
 Do you think we could be around something around $0.28 in the Q4?
 You know, the cost side of the equation, you know, the recurring unit costs that we did
 in the
 in the Q3
 uh... just under twenty two cents in real
 in those Q4 guidance numbers that we provided
 is a similar level, even though we are, as I was mentioning,
 increasing the operating fleet
 and ballooning fixed costs
 As we return NGs and accelerate transition from the maxes,
 we have a combination of, you know, higher
 expenses for maintenance, for the
 re-deliveries, higher provisions, and also higher
 higher depreciation.
 Um, so that, that goes to just looking at, yeah, that basically addresses that, uh, question,
 which is basically a conservative forecast for the guidance we're providing.
 it's mainly volume driven
 It's not being driven out of an increase in yields or a reduction in union costs.
 The fact that he was mentioning, you know, if we get a higher positive elasticity on the business side, that's going to have a positive impact on yields.
 and, you know,
 could translate into better revenue numbers for the Q4.
 With that, operator, we can go back to the last question in the queue.
 Thank you.
 I'm going to get a lot to do with that.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 I don't get it.
 Hopper, you can go to the last question in the queue.
 Again, if you have a question, please press star, then one.
 This will be the last opportunity for questions for golf's management.
 The next question is from Matthew Breckenridge from DSC Meridian.
 Please go ahead.
 Hi, my question has actually been answered.
 Thank you very much.
 Okay, Matt, thanks.
 This concludes today's question-and-answer session.
 I would like to invite Mr. Kachanoff to proceed with his closing remarks.
 Please go ahead, sir.
 I just would like to thank you all very much
 for the attention of the United States.
 this concludes the goal
 Airlines conference call for today.
 Thank you very much for your participation, and have a nice day.
 today.