Welcome to the Goal Airlines third quarter 2021 results conference call. This morning, the company made its numbers available along with three videos with the results presentation, financial review, and preliminary Q&A. Goal hopes everyone connected has watched them. After the company's brief remarks, we will initiate the Q&A session when further instructions will be provided. This event is also being broadcast live via webcast and may be accessed through the company website at www.voegol.com.br.ir and on the MZIQ platform at www.mziq.com. Those following the presentation via the webcast may post their questions on the platform and their questions will either be answered by the management during this call or by the Goal Investor Relations team after the conference is finished. Before proceeding, let me mention that forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of Goal's management and on information currently available to the company. They involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to future events and therefore depend on circumstances that may or may not occur. Investors and analysts should understand that events related to macroeconomic conditions, industry, and other factors could also cause results to differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. At this time, I'll hand you over to Mr. Paul Kakinov, CEO. Please begin. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to Goal Airlines quarterly earnings call. I would like to start by highlighting our most important achievements of this period. The first one was the continued recovery in demand, which showed solid growth during the fourth quarter. At the end of September, Brazil became fourth among all countries with the most vaccines administered against COVID-19. Approximately 56% of Brazil's population is fully vaccinated and over 74% have received their first dose, a higher percentage than the vast majority of the countries, including the United States. Similar to demand trends in other markets, the rising vaccination rate in the general population is supporting the air market's ongoing recovery. As a result, Goal's departures in the fourth quarter grew by 87%, reaching 52% of the levels in 2019. In response to this demand, Goal's expanding network and has already announced a new route from Congonhas to Bonito, starting this December. We are taking a conservative approach to increasing capacity as travel demand recovers to help maintain high load factors and profitability in our routes. The second important event was the transition of the fleet to Boeing Maxes. In preparation for the strong recovery in air travel that we expect to see in the coming quarters, we signed agreements to accelerate the transformation of our fleet with the acquisition of 28 additional Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft. This initiative is expected to reduce the company's unit cost by 8% in 2022. Under the new contracts, we will end 2021 with 28 MAX aircraft, which represents 20% of the fleet. By the end of 2022, we expect to have 44 MAX aircraft, raising this total to 32%. With current purchase commitments, we will meet our 2030 goal of having 75% of the fleet in these new aircraft. And as is widely recognized, the MAX is 15% more fuel efficient, generates 60% less carbon emissions, and is 40% quieter compared to the NG. This aircraft positions us to grow even more competitively, expanding routes to new destinations and providing efficiency gains, all of which will capture more value for all our stakeholders. The fourth important achievement was the conclusion of the merger with Smiles into GLA. The transaction will generate greater value from several operational synergies, as well as new opportunities and strategies that will become even more significant during the airline market recovery. We are optimistic that the synergies from this corporate reorganization, expected to be approximately 3 billion reais in net present value for the next five years, and the subsequent benefits to our shareholders will be realized in a relatively short period of time. With that, I will hand the floor over to Richard, our CFO, who will present some financial highlights. Thank you, Kaki. Our most recent notable event was the success of our liability management program. In September, we issued $150 million in a re-tap at 8% annual interest rate on our senior secured notes maturing in 2026. Moody's assigned the notes a rating of B2. Proceeds from the offering will be used for general corporate purposes, including aircraft acquisitions and working capital. In October, we refinanced our short-term bank debt in the amount of $1.2 billion via the extension of the 7th series of debentures and the issuance of our 8th series of simple non-convertible debentures. This refinancing enabled the company to return to its lowest level of short-term debt since 2014 at about a half a billion reais, which will also improve GOAL's credit metrics by better matching future assets and liabilities and reducing the company's average cost of debt. Our next relevant maturity date for outstanding debt is not until July 2024. GOAL's balance sheet is now in a stronger position in terms of its outstanding debt versus our peers, which we view to be a competitive advantage in the current market environment. In addition, the company amortized around $518 million of debt in this quarter. The average maturity of GOAL's long-term debt, excluding aircraft leases and perpetual notes, is approximately 3.4 years with the main obligations already addressed in our cash flow. The net debt ratio, excluding exchangeable notes and perpetual bonds to adjusted last 12 months EBITDA, was 9.7 times on September 30, 2021, representing the lowest financial leverage among peers. Considering the amounts fundable from deposits and unencumbered assets, the company's potential sources of liquidity resulted in approximately $6.1 billion of accessible liquidity. The recent capitalization of the balance sheet, with the capital increase led by the majority shareholder, represented the recognition of GOAL's value as Brazil's largest airline with the best product. The refinancing of our short-term bank debt in October added to long-term capital of $2.7 billion raised in the second and third quarters of this year, totals over $3.9 billion of capital raised in the last seven months. As for our discussion of financial results for the quarter, it was shared this morning in the video presentation, and we believe you all had a chance to access that. In short, our work to reestablish operating margins that can support the sustained growth of our operations is bearing fruit. We ended the third quarter with an EBIT reaching R$338 million and an operating margin totaling 17.7%. Concurrently, adjusted EBITDA reached R$464 million with a 24.3% margin, evidencing our successful efforts in matching supply and demand. I will now return back over to Kakinov. Thanks, Richard. We are seeing a recovering demand for air travel, and we believe that now, with greater population immunization and the significant expansion of vaccination, we will have a strong fourth quarter, coinciding with the start of the summer season. I would like to close by thanking our employees, the team of Eagles, who are working with extreme professionalism and commitment. All this at the invitation puts us in a solid position to expand operations and achieve profitable growth. We reiterate our confidence that GOAL will emerge strong and even more resilient as markets normalize. Now I would like to initiate the Q&A session. Thank you. The conference call is now open for questions. If you have a question, please press star 1 on your touchtone phone at this or any time. If at any point your question is answered, you may remove yourself from the queue by pressing star 2. We ask that when you ask your questions, speak close to the receiver of the device so that everyone can hear you clearly. Participants can also send questions via the webcast platform. You need to click on the question mark in the upper left corner and type in your question. Please hold while we poll for questions. Our first question is from Stephen Trent with Citi. Please go ahead. Good morning, gentlemen, and thanks very much for taking my questions, guys. I just kind of wanted your high-level views on international demand to the U.S. spooling up again. Now that you're partnering with American Airlines, what sort of bigger opportunity are you seeing on the horizon? And do you see any opportunity as well for American to possibly increase its stake in GOAL at some point in the future? Hi, Stephen Kakinov here. Good morning. Thank you very much for your question. Let me give you an overview on the North American market specifically. Firstly, we are now gradually reintroducing our international routes. So we have already made available the ticket sales for Cancun in Mexico, Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic, and we are now resuming flights to Montevideo and Buenos Aires. So United States will be likely the route to be added in our international portfolio by the second quarter next year. And this is because you're right.

the borders are now open to the Brazilians. But, and there is a considerable but, which is the exchange rate made the ticket purchase and the whole trip cost, including hotels, credit card expenses, pretty expensive from a Brazilian perspective. You know, the real has devalued quite significantly along the last quarter. So the Brazilian economic conditions also were affected during the last three months. And the combination of a clear excitement to resume international trips has a great contrast with the important constraints imposed by the exchange rate. So the passengers are willing to fly, mainly to the United States, but that trip became quite expensive at the moment. So I cannot say that there is a boom related to North American, related to airline tickets to fly to the United States. You know, we are about to begin the Brazilian high season, December and January. And typically that's the period when you see more passengers willing to travel for leisure purpose. This is not going to be different this year, maybe is widely better for the international markets. And the second constraint, which is also affecting the demand, is that there is a backlog to provide North American visas to the Brazilians, which will not be solved or neither addressed in the short term. So if you have a family of five members, it's pretty much likely that at least one of them has no valid visa at the moment, making not possible to fly to the United States. So all those things combined are affecting the potential flight catch up that we could get, if not by these two constraints. And finally, in our case, we have the partnership with American Alliance, who has already deployed a considerable capacity increase for the following three months. So we have decided to support that investment by selling the American Alliance tickets in our channels, as we have done already since April 2020. And through that strategy, we are simultaneously attending our customers and supporting this additional capacity increase deployed by American Alliance, our partner. So we believe that this is the best strategy to go with the current demand. And then we will resume our on-flight from Brasilia to Florida, a market which has not been attended by American Alliance at the moment, from the second quarter next year on. So this is, I mean, an overview on the North American market from a Brazilian perspective in the airline segment. Super, Kaki, really appreciate that. And just very quickly, one last thing on business travel. Any sort of high-level trends you're seeing in the domestic market? And let me leave it at that. Thank you. We might be surprised by the speed to which the business segment is recovering its pre-pandemic level. We are now verifying that, identifying actually, that some specific segments in Brazil is catching up its business travel behavior even above the pre-pandemic level. Those are the services, generally speaking, mainly those companies pretty much benefited by the new customer behavior. So like food delivery, just to say one example, and e-commerce. So those segments are booming and they are traveling more than they were before the pre-pandemic. And also some, if I could say so, some other traditional segments. Those are pretty strong in Brazil, such as the agricultural business, oil and gas, and some specific industries. So we foresee that by the beginning of the next year, we might be above our prior projection, which has considered that one-third of the business travelers would be gone for good, which might be not the case. So it's too early to be precise on that projection. But at this moment, we see that some segments are recovering faster than expected. Great. Thank you very much, Kaki. Thank you. The next question is from Mike Linenberg with Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Oh, yeah. Hey, good morning, everybody. I want to just kind of run through liquidity. And I want to make sure I'm sort of comparing apples to apples here. So QEP, your total liquidity, it looked like it ended at $2.1 billion RIs, and you're guiding to $3.8 billion at year end. Is that, Rich, is that predominantly the American Airlines investment and an improvement or an increase in your ATL? Or is there other things we should be mindful of? Yeah, no. Any transaction that's not closed is not in those numbers. So that is not in those numbers, Michael, nor is new additional capital raising. The Q3 number, and I'll walk you through that, Q3 number, which was composed of the $4 billion RIs that you mentioned, which is about $1.1 billion of cash investments, about $300 million RIs of restricted cash, about $600 million RIs of accounts receivable, and $1.9 billion RIs of deposits. The way that would break down in the Q4 would be about $900 million to $1 billion RIs of cash and investments, which is down around $200 million RIs, because as we ramp up to the high season and get our fleet back up above 100 operating aircraft, we're investing in working capital, spare parts, if you will, to get all these aircraft up and flying. So that's effectively going into assets, but it's obviously consuming some liquidity. And to some extent, it's also increasing our spare parts inventory, which supports the collateral in our senior secured notes program. The restricted cash will be a similar balance of around $300 million RIs. The accounts receivable increases about $200 million RIs to $800 million RIs. That's obviously associated with the ramp up in operations. We expect by the Q1, we should be back to a more normalized level of accounts receivable, which should be somewhere between $1 to $1.2 billion RIs. The deposit amount goes down from the Q3 to the Q4 by about $100 million RIs, because as we return aircraft, we use some of those security deposits as well as advances of deposits to cost out the returns of the NGS. Because as you know, we're accelerating our transition from the NGS to the masses. And so we're using those deposits to cost out aircraft deliveries, which is why, as we've said, we do have access to those deposits as it relates to the asset that they're supporting. And so that's why we include that number in our liquidity. But that's basically, there's no external capital raising in there. It's all operational. So the difference, which is around that total number down from $4 billion to $3.8 billion, it basically represents an investment in working capital, spare parts to end the year with a little over 100 operating aircraft. Okay, so that's helpful. So it's flattish to slightly down before anything. And we know that we're hopefully... There was no capital raising in there. As you know, we had, in addition to that, and kind of maybe taking advantage of your question, because we have some questions on how we get to the $6.1 billion of liquidity. In addition to what I described, we have potential financing sources of, based on existing unencumbered assets that we have, of a little over $2 billion. And so how we get to the $6 billion, the additional $2 billion comes out of unencumbered assets. About half of that is the collateral we have through the loyalty program. In Q3, we finalized the take-in of the loyalty program. So now we control 100% of those assets and the additional collateral

to the wealth of programs, so now we control 100% of those assets and the additional collateral we have in airports and intellectual property, which if we wanted to, could be deposited into our senior secured notes program to raise additional capital. We have no plans currently to do anything with this additional collateral, but it is important to highlight that the unencumbered assets that we have represents a potential additional $2 billion of long-term capital should we choose to pursue that. Okay, now that's super helpful. And then just, you know, you're always helpful in sort of calling out, you know, the, call it the non-operating expenses associated with fleet idleness and personnel-related costs. And in this quarter, this fourth quarter, it looks like it's just going to be under a billion reyes. Now over the year, that number has actually moved up meaningfully despite the fact that you are putting more people and planes back into service. So I don't know, is that an FX-related issue what's driving that number, or am I just, my logic in thinking that as you put more people and planes back to work and that that should go down, that logic, that maybe there's something wrong there and how it's being accounted for. If you could just detail that. Thanks, Rich. Yeah, I think it's a depreciation effect, Michael, which is a non-cash effect in there. Okay. Let me get back to that because that's a more technical calculation. But obviously in that, you know, in the unit cost is the depreciation. And so part of it relates to that. Also, you know, in the Q3, you know, the number of flights is still reduced. And so there's a substantial ramp up in the Q4. And I will kind of revert back. But in the Q3, also in the month of September, as you know, we had to scale back a little bit given the transition of our PSS, which impacted our, you know, our scale and our revenues and our ability to improve fixed cost solution, you know, because of the migration to the revenue system, which was done in August and September. But in the Q3, you know, we had 70 aircraft operated. And so we still had 60 aircraft still idle in the Q3. And so what you're seeing there in the Q3 is the effect of those 60 aircraft still idle. That number at the end of the Q4 will be reduced to, you know, hopefully less than 30. And so those, you know, we're trying to, you know, separate that out. I think we're one of the few companies that tries to separate that out for you guys, in other words, separating the idle costs versus the total. But we'll probably only see a normalization on a unit cost basis for comparative purposes in the Q1 because we're still going to have, you know, idle costs in the Q4. So now when you say normal in Q1, are you saying that approach is zero in Q1? Or I'm just assuming it gets to zero by the back part of 2022. But maybe it gets there sooner. Oh, no, no, no, no. In the Q1. Because, again, we've returned aircraft. This Q4 is activation of a majority of the grounded aircraft. And as we get into the January, February, high season, you know, there might be a little bit in there in the Q4, but for the most part will be eliminated. And then we get into the normal seasonality. You know, the Q2 for us is kind of a down seasonality normally. We'll have to see where, as Kaki said, we could have some positive surprises on the corporate demand in the Q2 of next year a little bit better than we might normally see. But for us, the Q1, again, we're 100% domestic focused. We don't have wide bodies. We don't depend on the international piece. And, you know, the right sizing we did on our capacity and our fleet, if you will, should kind of, you know, triangulate to, you know, goal being back to more or less normalized operating efficiency by end of December, beginning of January. Okay, great. Thanks for that, Rich. Thanks, everyone. The next question is from Dan McKenzie with Seaport Global Securities. Please go ahead. Hey, good morning, guys. A couple questions here. I guess first, another question on the corporate recovery. Big picture, you know, what are you hearing from corporate customers today on their travel plans for next year? And then just related to that, you know, given the FX volatility, I believe there's a certain percent of the revenue that actually benefits from a weaker Brazilian real. So, you know, I'm thinking the oil and gas sectors. I'm thinking agriculture. So it seems like there should be a component of the revenue there that should do a little better, you know, if the Brazilian real weakens. But, you know, maybe you could clarify or even correct me on that. Yeah. First of all, the customers are saying that the large corporates, they are basically saying that we resume flights from January 1. And it is somehow attached to their home office policy, which is for the vast majority until the end of this year. When we talk specifically to those segments you have just repeated, they are already pulling some troubles ahead. But this is not even close to the potential they have told us to the next year. On a side note, the way we have structured ourselves to address that specific market via a new passenger service system, the Sabre, we will likely give us an additional set of sales because we can now, in a much more flexible and fast way, address some specific demands raised by the corporate sector. So I believe that we will have the combination of a better product with a redesigned network, which might accelerate the speed we are now envisioning to see that specific segment catching up. Yeah. Go ahead. I'm sorry, Rich. Go ahead, please. Go ahead again. Well, I guess, you know, just tied to that point, I guess what I was, you know, trying to get at is it seems like there should be some pent-up demand next year. And so I guess I just was thinking that there's potentially some more revenue upside here that folks might be underappreciating. But, you know, going back to, I guess, you know, a question for Edu or is just with respect to that cutover of Sabre that you just referenced, you know, the ability to market products in a way digitally that you haven't been able to historically. You know, so you think about the grand vision, you know, what is the timeframe for exploiting that full capability and, you know, how material could that be? I think that is going to be, you know, we are going to have 100% of these improvements and enhancements deployed until the end of this year. And then we will gradually, because those are marketing events, we will be gradually offering them to customers along 2022. It is really difficult to give you a flavor on how material those improvements can be. But we are now basically closing every single gap that we could get from a customer service point of view to a full legacy company. At the same time, digitally speaking, I mean, I'm talking about digital service. At the same time that we are now resuming the cash advantage that we always had. So I believe that the combination of the two things is more than promising. It's something that can definitely positively affect our results. But I wouldn't like to, because I could at the moment, to share any percentage or precise numbers on that expectation. Okay, thanks for the time, you guys. Thanks. Let me just, before we go to the next question on the sell side analysts, let me weave in a question we have from one of our buy side investors sending us questions on the platform. And I'll basically do that so that we don't have to save the people that sent the questions through the platform don't have to wait until the end of this. But we'll come back to the next question from the sell side analysts as I go through this question from one of our big income investors. It has three components on the results. It explained what was the write-off of deposits for aircraft leases and aircraft lease deposits and maintenance reserve deposits. So just to explain that to you and to answer your question, in the cash flow in the quarter, in the third quarter, we recognized provisions for return of aircraft of 176 million reais. And against that, we were able to use and reverted 166 million reais of maintenance reserves. And then we reduced, we have a reduction in deposits of 264 million reais. And all this relates to what I was speaking about previously, but it refers to us maintaining current, our maintenance provisions for the transformation of the fleet from Max's to NGs. So really the provision for the return of aircraft that's in that, and you can see that in the tables in the back of the release and also in the footnotes of the financial statement, is about 176 million reais, which has to be provisioned because, you know, from an accounting perspective, because we are accelerating the return of aircraft.

provision because from an accounting perspective, because we are accelerating the return of NGs to Maxis, and we are no longer constituting any more maintenance reserves because we're utilizing deposits, maintenance reserve deposits to cost that out, as I mentioned in the previous question. So there's more or less 100% offset between use of maintenance reserves and what I just mentioned. Within that question as well, what was the provision for legal proceedings in your cash flow? In the cash flow, we have payment for legal proceedings in there of about 150 million reals related to contingencies on PIS and COFINS taxes. And then there is in that amount as well, in that legal proceedings line item that you're looking at there from the person who asked the question, there are other credits that increase the 192 million reals that compensate, almost compensate these values of these legal proceedings in the same amount. And then the final component of the question in that category, what was the reason for the increase in other expenses in the third quarter versus the second quarter of 2021, which is basically 296 million reals versus 167 million reals. And that is a necessity we had to constitute an increased provision for contingencies on PIS and COFINS taxes for the importation of aircraft. Because one of our peers, Azul, lost a process in the amount of, lost a lawsuit in the amount of 150 million reals. And so that forced us to change our perspective from a possible loss on that discussion if those taxes apply to the importation of aircraft to probable. And in the accounting policies process, when it goes to probable, you then have to constitute a provision. But that was based on, we have not yet lost the discussion with the government, but as one of our peers did lose the discussion, that then creates the need to increase the amount of provision on that. So hopefully that answers your questions on some of those details as you're looking at those items that are less focused on. So operator, we can go back to the call list on the sell side analysis. And the next question will be from Sadi Sif with Raymond James. Please go ahead. Hey, good morning. This is Matt on for Sadi here. Either Rich or Kaki, if you could, regarding the 2022 CASC X outlook, the 8% reduction versus 2019, could you give us a little bit of color on what you're thinking in terms of capacity production and utilization there? Also, is there any change in the NG redeployments or anything we should consider there? Sorry, if you could, you're asking about, we didn't, could you repeat the question? Because I think you're asking about 22. It's 22, right, the CASC X. Okay, so I think it was more so maybe on the, you talked about an 8% reduction in CASC from the fleet. I wasn't sure if the slide, I believe it was 23, if that was an early outlook into 2022. Yeah, the MAX has a lower operating cost than the NGs. And so as our aircraft portfolio increases, the amount of aircraft that are MAX, that has a effect of reducing our unit costs. The main source of that is the lower fuel consumption. We're getting the, as advertised, roughly for us it's about 16% less fuel consumption. And so I think that's what you're asking about. Okay, so that makes sense. I'm sorry, I thought it was a, maybe earlier looking to 2022 on the CASC X side. Is there anything that we should consider there in terms of how you plan to return to your fleet utilization or capacity early looking to 2022 that we should consider? Beyond the, beyond the. Yeah, if I understood the question, I mean, we'll be back, you know, in our ecosystem, we'll be back to more normalized aircraft utilization numbers in the Q1, you know, which for us is, you know, it should be, you know, the sweet spot for us is kind of 12 hours a day of utilization. You know, we expect to be back above 11 hours of utilization in the Q1. Okay, thanks Rich. And then I think on the revenue side, versus what you were thinking in late July, last quarter when you provided guidance to now what's in the 4Q revenue outlook, what has changed? I know you talk, looking out into 1Q, some corporate segments have come back faster, but that 4Q never has gone lower versus late July. So I was wondering what has changed since then? Yeah, sorry. I think, you know, we revised down the revenue forecast for the Q4. It's mainly based on lower overall yields in the market and which has a big effect just given the still situation of low efficiency. And then also, and that's overall market, that's not just us. And then the, and we've been staying out of the way of that scenario. And how do we stay out of the way of that? You know, we keep capacity lower. And so when you combine those effects, you know, staying out of the way of the low yield environment, given the overcapacity coming out of competitors and adjusting our offer down, our capacity down, you know, those two effects magnify into the reduced revenue. But the catalyst is obviously more on the yield side. You know, we have the ability to flex up capacity faster if we need to, given the amount of aircraft that we have. But, you know, we have had a management during this 20 months of the pandemic focused on two key metrics. One is preserving our unit cost advantage in the post-pandemic environment, and also matching our cash inflows with cash outflows. And so that limits what we can do. And you've seen how we've done that. For those of you that have followed us, you've seen how we've done that through the pandemic in terms of minimizing any operating cash burn. And how we do that through the capacity equation. If yields are better, we can try to cut up. But as Patke mentioned, we're now in the process of reactivating our core network, which is mainly focused on the business traveler. And as you saw in the slides as well, that shifts our focus from a network perspective from that massive hub we created in Guarulhos to manage through the pandemic based on connecting flights, which is not that convenient for gold passengers, to going back to a more point-to-point network with very attractive point-to-point flights out of our other hubs and also from our shuttle markets out of Sao Paulo, Rio, and Brasilia. That's happening as we speak. And so in the goal ecosystem, that can have a significant impact on yields if we have some positive surprises on the corporates coming back. I think we'll see that more in the Q1 because we're still in a transition on that. And we're still not back to normalized levels on market capacity as well as demand from the business traveler. And those effects that you mentioned on the revenue side, obviously they have the effect on EBITDA because it means lower scale and so less fixed cost solution. And so that's why our expectations for Q4 EBITDA are down a bit. The other thing that is in there is, as I was mentioning, I think in one of the previous questions, is an increase in CAPEX, about a 200 million real increase in CAPEX in the Q4. That mainly relates to investments in spare parts inventories and other assets related to reactivation of the operating. So when you kind of, those are the factors, one obviously on the yield capacity side and the other on the CAPEX side that account for about a 400 million real reduction in our targeted liquidity for the end of the Q4. But about half of that number is investment in assets. So like I said, it also has a side benefit of increasing the collateral pool that's in our secured notes program. And those same effects will get you to the difference in the leverage. Those exact same effects all kind of roll into that. And so it's a transitional quarter for us. And there are some exchange rate effects in there, obviously. They kind of run through those calculations and put pressure on it, you know, on the net side of the equation also. And those result in massive negative exchange rate effects, but those are not economic and don't affect cash flow, just to highlight that. Because we have gotten some questions on what are exchange and monetary variations, you know, for those that aren't maybe familiar with investing in developing countries with weak functional currencies. And our functional currency is real. Therefore, we have to recognize the exchange rate variation on the balance sheet, and that produces accounting effects in negative and positive.

exchange and monetary variations, which continue to be quite large given the short-term negative devaluation of the Brazilian real. And so with that, for the most part, we recommend kind of backing that out, which is what we try to do in our furnished disclosure. Certainly. Thank you very much, Father Keller. I really appreciate it. The next question is from Duane Fenegworth with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead. Hey, thanks. Good to speak with you. On fleet, can you just maybe play back for us the fleet simplification opportunity here? I mean, it's not just max and you've outlined those. You did a number of fleet transactions pre-COVID, short-term leases to solve for a gap. Then COVID hit. Can you just help bring us up to speed on where we are with respect to those shorter-term leases rolling off and what the fleet simplification opportunity is here? Yes. Yeah, we still have a fair amount of NGs on short-term operating leases where we have the optionality of either extending those or returning them. The nut there to crack is the availability of Maxis. The market right now is constrained in terms of the availability of Maxis, given that Boeing is still only producing below 20 Maxis a day, so it's still quite low, which is about a third of what they were producing pre-pandemic. We have all the financing sources lined up to add as many Maxis as we want to in the short term and next year. The bottleneck is the availability of new Maxis. There are still some white tails out there, but they have significant configuration costs and other issues that make them less attractive. Now, we have the ability to accelerate the returns of NGs based on the structure of our aircraft book, which is still today a 100% operating lease. I think another part of the simplification that you're mentioning, that you're hinting at, is that we will do also, as we move into the acceleration of the transition of NG to the Max, in addition to the operating cost benefit based on the lower fuel consumption and higher seat count on those aircraft and so on, is the component of how we're financing those acquisitions. So we will also be doing more finance lease transactions as we move forward, somewhere in the order of between four and maybe as much as 16 of those next year, depending on the availability of Maxis. And there's a significant equity value of creation that comes with that. As you saw on the previous cycle, when we did 40 finance leases on the first run with Boeing, we created in excess of $500 million of cash equity gains through that process. And it also gives us equity to borrow against and things like that. So I guess the other component I would say, Duane, of that is our ability to get back in the game of owning a portion of our fleet. The reason why we're 100% operating lease today is pre-pandemic, we had finalized the monetization of our NG portfolio, and we were in the midst of, still in the midst of the Max grounding. And so we, in that, under the pandemic happened, all that's kind of got pushed out. So we have enormous flexibility to return NGs at a faster pace. And the bottleneck is the availability of Maxis to do it. Operationally, we're scaled up. Our operational capacity on a normalized basis is easily two aircraft receipts and two redeliveries per month, two in, two out, four total. We can go as high as three per month given our operational capabilities. And so for us, it's operationally easily done operationally to bring in 24 Maxis and transition out 24 NGs next year if we need to do. So our fleet plan is a little bit less than that. And part of this is because we're still in the sourcing of the right Maxis for that activity. But I think it's important to mention that none of that is going to consume our liquidity because we already have the financing sources lined up to pay for those Max acquisitions that are in our plan, plus some additional if we need it. We already have the liability is lined up, and we're still working on additional sourcing of aircraft. Hopefully that answers your question. Yeah, listen, it does. The delivery rate came up on the Ryanair call as well. So I guess the question would be for the deliveries that you've outlined for the rest of this year and into 22, how many of those are already built, and how does that forecast feel relative to kind of the delivery rate that you're seeing? Well, in terms of what's coming out of the factory, we would need somewhere between 8 to 10 aircraft if the source is the factory. If the source is the white tail market, we've got that covered. And that's what we're working on as we speak. The issue with the white tail market is we have some additional reconfiguration costs that we wouldn't have if it was coming out of the factory for us. But maybe you can help us convince Boeing to ramp up production to sell more aircraft. I wouldn't be your guy for that, but I'll speak one more in here, Rich, because I'm always interested in your thoughts here. You know, what FX rate kind of drives the long-term plan? And for what it's worth, how do we get there? How do you see the path to that long-term rate? Thank you. Well, we're not in charge of that, but most bank market forecasts are for an appreciating rial, something with a four handle on it at some point next year. If you take fair value calculations, our fair value calculations are below four. We're now 12 months inside of presidential elections in Brazil, and so that is going to be a factor that will maintain volatility high. We addressed in our presentation on the videos on the website this morning and also in our release, I mean, the Brazil fiscal situation is much better and improving. It's much better than the U.S. fiscal situation, for example. And, you know, GDP in Q3 was up 4%. It's around 3% for the Q4, which is down a little bit. But I think, you know, my own personal opinion would be you're going to see weakness in the currency because of the political dynamic between now and October of next year. But, you know, going back to Keith's point, that is going to keep a relatively captive audience for us for domestic air travel, which is perhaps the silver lining on that, which is why we're not focused today on driving international travel, just given the lower purchasing power of Brazilians and riais. And I have to point you to market projections on that because there does seem to be a disconnect between the fundamentals of Brazil and the currency, which are related to other factors. High oil prices are a bull factor for Brazil. You know, the raw materials sector in Brazil, the extraction economy, which primarily drives the Brazilian economy, has been doing very well during this pandemic. And that will create a positive effect in, you know, what other people are asking about in terms of the elasticity of the return of corporate travel in terms of those sectors being consumers of air travel. So on the volume side, I think the exchange rate is less of an issue. It obviously does affect cash flow because it pressures both the oil price that we have to pay, which is now in dollars, as well as the aircraft costs, which is not ideal. But it does look like we're going to be getting any, let's say, market relief on that anytime soon. And just given the volatility and, you know, the relative perception of the outside world on Brazil. That's my two cents on that, but we're not the boss of that, you know, we're price takers on that. Very fair. Thank you. Again, if you have a question, please press star then one. The next question is from Alejandro Zamacona with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. Thank you. Hi, Paulo. Hi, Richard. Thank you for taking my questions. I'm just curious on what's your view on the potential recovery of the international market to pre-COVID levels? And what would be the impact on yields amid this international market reactivation? Actually, we are not that bullish on this international market recovery for 2022. There is still different regulations and different sanitary requirements, which make us doubt whether

it's going to be possible to harmonize all of them in the first half of the year. So this is one thing. The second is also that a potential overcapacity will be deployed because you can imagine the total amount of white bodies available in the world have not been utilized for many months. And also, clearly, if there's going to be one specific segment being severely affected by the so-called new normal behavior, it's going to be the long-haul business trips. I think that this customer will really think twice before deciding to take a plane for a short business trip, mainly long-haul. So, honestly, I think that, generally speaking, the international markets will be affected. They are already affected, and that effect will last longer than expected. So, on the other hand, I believe that the long-haul leisure travelers will be there, and mainly for the most important tourist destinations. So, but, you know, how important was the business traveler pre-pandemic for those airlines operating white bodies, business classes, and first classes? I am not that bullish about this specific market demand. Okay, thank you. And then a second question, if I may, on the maintenance. We saw a significant increase during this quarter in maintenance expense. So we were wondering what was behind this increase and what can we expect going forward. I assume that it's a catch-up from the deferred maintenance, but I'm just curious to hear your thoughts. Thank you, guys. Yeah, sure, Andrew. I guess you didn't hear the answer to the previous question, but I'll go through that again. You're asking about the increase in maintenance expenses from Q2 to Q3 from $88 million to $246 million. That is from, and maybe I'll answer from a different perspective. That is related to the acceleration of the transition of the fleet from NGs to Maxes, where we are accelerating the returns of aircrafts now over the next couple months, over the next year. And what you have to do on a quarterly basis is always be fully provisioned on your future re-delivery estimates. And so as we're accelerating now the return of the NGs, we have to top up, we have to increase the amount of provisions for maintenance on aircraft. And so in that particular case, there's a certain number of aircraft in the mid-single digits where those provisions increase. So what's in there, always remember that, you always have to be estimating. If you're doing your accounting properly, you always ask that question to make sure the companies are provisioning properly their future re-delivery costs. You have to always be adjusting your provision for that. And for us, the main component of those delivery costs is engine overhauls. And so in our particular case, as we increased the number of NGs that were returning and the number of Maxes that we're bringing in, those provisions in the Q3 increased from $88 million to $246 million. Okay. No, sure, no worries. We have one more person in the queue to ask a question, but before that, I'm going to take another question that we have from the platform, which is asking about yields, RASC, and CASK, Q2, Q3, Q4. And so I'll just walk through that. You know, we had a 15% increase in yields in the Q3, and what's implicit in our Q4 guidance is basically flat yields versus the Q3. You know, we're being conservative on that given the capacity environment. Given that we are forecasting load tax results a little bit, that will, in the Q4, is implied a slight increase in RASC over where we were in the Q3. You know, we did the $0.26 in the Q3. We think we could be around something around $0.28 in the Q4. Now, the cost side of the equation, you know, the recurring unit costs that we did in the Q3, just under $0.22 in real, in those Q4 guidance numbers that we provided, is a similar level. Even though we are, as I was mentioning, increasing the operating fleet and diluting fixed costs, as we return NGs and accelerate transition from the Maxes, we have a combination of, you know, higher expenses for maintenance, for the re-deliveries, higher provisions, and also higher depreciation. So that goes to just looking at that, that basically addresses that question, which is basically a conservative forecast for the Q4 guidance we're providing. It's mainly volume-driven. It's not being driven out of an increase in yields or a reduction in unit costs. As He was mentioning, you know, if we get a higher elasticity on the business side, that's going to have a positive impact on yields and, you know, could translate into better revenue numbers for the Q4. With that, we'll go back to the last question in the queue. If you have a question, please press star then 1. This will be the last opportunity for questions for GALS management. The next question is from Matthew Breckenridge from DSM Meridian. Please go ahead. Hi. My question has actually been answered. Thank you very much. Okay, Matt. Thanks. This concludes today's question and answer session. I would like to invite Mr. Kakanoff to proceed with his closing remarks. Please go ahead, sir. I just would like to thank you all very much for the attention. Have a nice day. This concludes the Gold Airlines conference call for today. Thank you very much for your participation and have a nice day.

