 Greetings and welcome to the Hershey Company 3rd Quarter 2020 Question and Answer session.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 I'd now like to turn the call over to your host,
 Ms. Melissa Poole.
 President of Invest Relations for the Hershey Company.
 Thank you. You may begin.
 Thank you.
 Good morning, everyone.
 Thank you for joining us today for the Hershey Company's 3rd Quarter 2020 Earnings Q&A Session.
 I hope everyone has had the chance
 to read our press release and listen to our pre-recorded
 management presentation, both of which are available on our website.
 In addition, we have posted a transcript of the pre-reported remarks.
 at the conclusion of today's live Q&A session,
 We will also post a transcript and audio replay of this call.
 Please note that during today's Q&A session, we may make forward-looking statements that
 are subject to various risks and uncertainties.
 These statements include expectations and assumptions
 regarding the company's future operations and financial performance, including expectations
 and assumptions related to the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.
 The actual results could differ materially from those projected as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic as well as other factors.
 The company undertakes no obligation to update these statements based on subsequent events.
 A detailed listing of such risk and uncertainties can be found in today's press release in the
 and companies at DC filing.
 Finally, please note that we may refer to certain non-gap financial measures that we
 we believe will provide useful information for investors.
 The presentation of this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as
 the substitutes for the financial information presented in accordance with GAAP.
 Our conciliations to the GAP results are included in this morning's press release.
 Joining me today are Hershey's chairman and CEO, Michelle Bucks, and Hershey's senior
 Vice President and CFO Steve Lofgel.
 With that, I will turn it over to the operator for the first question.
 Thank you.
 To ask a question, please press star 1 on your telephone keypad.
 A confirmation tone will indicate your line is in the question queue.
 You may press start 2 if you'd like to remove your question from the queue.
 For participants using speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset
 before pressing the star keys.
 to allow for as many questions as possible.
 we ask that you each keep to one question and one follow-up.
 Our first question comes from the line of Andrew Lazar with
 Barclay.
 Please proceed.
 question.
 Great.
 Thank you so much.
 Good morning everybody.
 Morning Andrew.
 Morning.
 I'm curious, for the past several years, Michelle, the majority, if not all of the companies,
 you know, organic sales growth has come really from pricing as opposed to volume or consumption
 growth.
 And much of this is obviously due to the success of the company's new pricing model and the
 associated volumelasticity that that comes with it. I guess that said as you
 look forward to 21 and beyond.
 I'm curious if there is a sort of focus internally
 on maybe regaining some better balance
 between the two drivers.
 And if so, would you expect to see some of that?
 maybe develop more fully next year.
 Thanks so much.
 Yep, Andrew. Absolutely. I think we've shared before that, you know, we do view pricing
 as an important part of our growth algorithm,
 but we are very focused and would like to drive
 to greater balance between price and volume.
 We have good visibility into Q4 in 2021,
 and we do expect volume trends to improve.
 Part of that will be us lapping some of our pricing elasticity from last year and also
 a continuation of some of the strong share gains that we've seen to date that will carry
 into the first part of next year.
 I think you can definitely count on seeing volume being a more important part of the
 algorithm next year and we feel good that the calendar of programming we have, the innovation,
 the media is really going to help to drive some of that.
 Great. Great. Thanks very much.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from a line of Ken Goldman with J.P. Morgan.
 Please proceed with your questions.
 Hi.
 Thank you.
 Along the same lines of 2021, if I can, Michelle, you can pull back a little bit on advertising
 this quarter. It's been a little up and down this year for understandable reasons. I'm
 I'm just curious what your thoughts are, in general,
 on what the company's plan is for advertising and marketing in general as you get into what
 Hopefully, it will be a more normal year in 2021.
 Sure.
 So we definitely believe in investing in our brands.
 that is a critical piece of our growth model on the business.
 So, clearly, as we mentioned to you, we had pulled back on some spend in areas where we
 we just thought, given the pandemic, it didn't make sense.
 for example, in refreshments where we knew
 consumer usage was down significantly. But as we looked at 2021, and as we've started
 to see the momentum that we're seeing
 and some of the recoveries, we definitely plan on taking our investment levels to where
 we would like them to be and more in line with where they have been historically.
 So, you'll see us really leaning in to drive the consumer and to leverage some of the behaviors
 that we're seeing.
 Thank you. And then, for a follow-up, you didn't do any share repurchases this quarter.
 I think that's the first time in two years,
 and that was the last time I was right before you bought
 Pirate's Booty.
 I won't ask if the lack of repo is an indication
 a pending deal, of course, but I am curious how you would describe the current environment
 for potential transactions.
 I guess particularly our targets may be more willing to sell because they can do so off
 a higher sales number than usual, or are they more hesitant because they, I guess, kind
 and I want to ride this demand wave as long as they can.
 Dave, do you want to take that one?
 Yeah, I'd be happy to.
 So first, just on the share reference, I will just echo what you said.
 don't read anything into that, I would say for this year, we have taken a little bit
 more cautious approach to liquidity in general, you know, going back to the beginning of the
 in the COVID phase, just taking a little bit more cautious approach.
 We will be revisiting that as we look at next year, and I would say in general our capital
 allocation priorities haven't changed. With respect to M&A specifically, it's probably
 more of the latter I think people are still the ones that are the most
 interesting are riding the wave and they still have valuation expectations that
 It looked like they did pre-COVID, if not higher.
 But I would say we're continuing to have an active funnel,
 continue to look at a number of opportunities and will continue to update the market as
 appropriate.
 Great. Thank you both.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from a line of Robert Moskow with credit twist.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hi, thank you.
 I think the recovery expected in 2021 international and other is, you know, you have a 2% headwind
 this year in 2020.
 But can you give us a little bit of color
 as to the condition of your business in Mexico and India and China, is it easy to assume
 that things can go back to normal or has the pandemic impaired your commercial capabilities
 at all.
 or the retailer's desire to merchandise confectionary products in those markets.
 Yeah, so first of all, I'd start by saying certainly there's a lot of uncertainty and
 volatility with the pandemic.
 We all know that we're seeing the ups and downs of, you know, occasional increases in
 of spikes in markets around the globe.
 That said, I would say that we were pleasantly surprised by our performance in international
 Our team did a great job executing in this very challenging environment, and I think
 that we've seen while each market is a little different
 and the use of the categories a little bit different.
 Consumers are really looking during this time
 for brands they trust.
 And we've done a great job over the past couple of years
 building the Hershey equity.
 So we were pleased to have you here today.
 with the rebound that we saw in many of our markets.
 I think I mentioned in India, our business was now up 6% versus it had been down.
 We gained...
 market share across almost every market on our core chocolate category, so I wouldn't
 say that we believe our ability to drive the business has been impaired in any market
 on a permanent basis, you know, just as we are pivoting in the U.S., I think we've pivoted
 to where the opportunities are in international.
 And we feel good about the recovery and, you know, plan to continue to deliver against
 that.
 Thanks.
 Can I dive a little bit deeper into Mexico?
 Are there any packaging requirements that the government
 is making on nutritional values or any concerns about the category, how that might impact
 the category?
 Yeah, absolutely. So the government did put in place front-of-pack labeling changes in Mexico and that new packaging is now in the market
 market and we are beginning to monitor the trends.
 We believe...
 The consumers know our category is a treat.
 We know it has sugar, and so we expect that we'll see less impact from that than perhaps
 other categories will, but we will, of course, keep a close eye on that, and I would say
 that
 Mexico has been one of the harder hit developing markets relative to COVID, so we feel good
 about the progress we're seeing, but it's a little slower than some of the other markets.
 Thank you.
 comes from a line of David Palmer with Evercore ISI.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Thanks.
 Good morning.
 A question on your share gains in the U.S. and particularly in chocolate, you really,
 And in your preparatory remarks, you touched on this, how adaptive you were by market,
 by channel, by need state, in terms of s'mores.
 Some that's related or might be related to supply chain, could you talk about that part
 of it and I think the reason I'm asking is because if there is a supply chain breakdown
 or lack of adaptability by a competitor, maybe that will represent share gains that
 that they can reverse somewhat in 21, and I have a follow-up.
 Absolutely, so I would say, I believe our share gains are a testament to both our strong
 brands are consumer understanding our programming as well as to the supply chain execution and
 execution at retail, both of which tend to be, you know, core advantages for us as a
 company.
 So I think we're seeing our categories and our brands are definitely resonating with
 consumers, and as you mentioned, we really pivoted with the consumers, so very
 earlier on we tried to understand how consumer behavior was changing and we've talked to
 ...
 of you before about the fact that our category splits a third, a third, a third, take home
 instant consumable and seasonal.
 And as we saw consumers shift to more at-home behaviors,
 We very early on shifted the focus in our portfolio
 to really dial up some more, twizzlers for moving nights,
 or baking product activities.
 And then within the seasons, even with Halloween,
 We made that decision to lean in and drive
 and build a Halloween season versus back away from it.
 and everything related to that relative to,
 Let's set the season early so we can get consumers in in pre-tricketry, you know, let's make
 sure we are smart about the portfolio that's out there and not overly indexed to seasonal
 skews, et cetera, and then we worked really hard on messaging to message consumers safe
 ways to celebrate the holiday.
 We dialed up e-commerce as consumers shifted to e-commerce and because we had invested
 and capabilities in that we were able to do that.
 And then I think a lot of the strong investments
 We've made it in other capabilities over the years, helped us during this time to execute
 well.
 And some of the
 How does those go beyond supply chain?
 So, you know, we've made investments in better understanding consumer trends.
 We've made...
 investments in our ability to forecast at a much more granular level.
 We've made media investments to target better,
 And certainly, we've invested in our plants all along the way, which really enabled us
 to pivot quickly to safety protocols
 and really be able to continue to execute.
 And then we made the decision to keep our retail sales teams at retail.
 So, as I think about, you know, think about that share gain,
 And I would say clearly we would expect to continue to see shared gains clearly through
 the spring of 21, we would expect that they would moderate after that, though we're certainly
 expecting to hold on to SHARE, and we will continue to drive our outstanding programming
 and also continue to execute supply chain with Exxon.
 That's helpful. Thank you. And then just on any sort of one times from this year that that we should be thinking about from a model perspective
 I'm thinking about COVID-related friction costs this year,
 but also you might add back some SGNA and parts and other.
 So any one-time type comparisons that we should think about, thanks.
 Yeah, I think we talked about in the referred remarks, on the top line we had about a two-point impact
 actually you can right away say there's a drop through that two points into profitability.
 But then if you take a look at the net of costs for COVID, so protective equipment and employee
 incentives that we had early in the year, and you net them against the DME optimization,
 the media optimization that we did, as well as the T&E savings, it was a net slight positive
 on those two pieces, and so that we would expect to mostly go away.
 We'll have some lingering costs next year,
 I left one off in any quarter related to COVID,
 and so forth that continue.
 But, Ned, it was just a slight positive outside of the two-point drag on the top line.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Our next question comes in line of Chris Groewe with STEPO. Please proceed with your question.
 Hi, good morning.
 Good morning.
 Hi, I had a question for you, if I look back at Halloween,
 I'm curious if you split the season apart
 and he had given some information on this last quarter,
 sort of the early season part and the trick-or-treat season part,
 how each piece performed. If you can give it a little color on that, we have some information
 from IRI, but I'm curious if you have better information than we have.
 And then I'm also curious, as I think about that early part, if that's more indicative
 of what you expect for the holiday season as we move into Christmas and that kind of
 time where you don't have a trigger-treat event, could that early season, if you start
 that season early, in particular in stores, be more like what we saw in the early part
 of Halloween, if that makes sense.
 Yep.
 So clearly we saw that within the season,
 Early part of the season performed more strongly,
 and the later part that's more trick-or-treat-focused,
 performed a little bit softer.
 Now, we had anticipated that, so overall the season performed exactly in line with our
 expectations. As we look at the total season, we were quite pleased that our sales were
 actually up versus year ago, as was ourselves through, up versus year ago.
 So during a time of the global pandemic,
 I think it speaks to the resiliency of the category
 and the consumer's desire to really hold on to
 and continue to celebrate the traditions and fun occasions
 like this in their family lives.
 As we look at holiday, holiday has some different consumer
 dynamics than Halloween. And so we believe it'll behave a little differently. I don't
 I don't think we're going to have some of the pressure that we anticipated we'd have
 coming into Halloween.
 the category should be quite strong.
 Consumers use the product in, you know, in different ways.
 It's much more about family occasions.
 We aren't as big in gifting some of the areas of the category
 that might be a little bit more hard hit.
 So we expect solid results given that skew to at-home consumption.
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 one of that, are you shipping in holiday product early?
 early, and would that have been an incremental benefit?
 Do we see some of that in the third quarter more than we would have seen historically?
 Yeah, we did just like we did with Halloween started shipping in holiday a bit early
 so you do get some pickup in the third quarter for that.
 that'll take away a little bit from the fourth quarter.
 You know, maybe on the order of 50 basis points.
 And we also do that to drive the consumer behavior early as well.
 just as we did with Halloween, you know, as Halloween was still on the floor, holiday
 day was also out there so that consumers could also, you know, gravitate to the holiday
 pretty quickly.
 A strong heli...
 Yes.
 self-through really helps us because it helps us get that fast start to holiday
 because it clears the space to be able to put Holliday on the floor.
 Okay. Thanks so much for the color there.
 Absolutely.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason English with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
 Hey, good morning folks. Congratulations on a good quarter.
 Hope all's well.
 I want to pick up on the back of Chris's questions and tease out, try to tease out a little bit more of the outlook on holidays going forward.
 The the Halloween early part selling was phenomenal strong and much better
 I think I expected it.
 I think a big part of that is due to the merchandising programs that Retoulouse had.
 that seems like they started bigger and earlier
 than they usually do, has that, you think, influenced
 how they're going to approach other seasons going forward.
 or said more directly, you expect retailers to provide more merchandising support behind
 the category into holiday, into Easter than the otherwise would coming out of the success
 that's based on Halloween.
 So, we've always had pretty strong merchandising support at every season, and one thing we
 ...
 always think about with seasons is when we get it on the floor, because we know that
 Consumers will buy that holiday or seasonal product,
 whether it's east or wherever, early for in-home consumption.
 if you get it out there, it kind of sparks the trigger of, you know, fun moments earlier.
 So, I don't know that I could say specifically that we can anticipate that retailers are
 going to...
 merchandise it even more than they ever have.
 I do think that they will be focused on making sure that they definitely get it out early
 to capture the early part of the season since that is the piece that, you know, is a bit
 more stable.
 There were a few retailers, as you can imagine, with the uncertainty of Halloween and the fact
 that all these decisions about what to do with Halloween really had to be made in early
 may when things were quite uncertain and schools were closed in bars and restaurants and all
 of that.
 So there are a few retailers who had pulled back on Halloween and based on the results
 of the season this year, they will likely have more confidence going forward, which
 should help to make it for an even stronger Halloween next year and probably also build
 with confidence for the other seasons like Easter.
 That makes a lot of sense and then one more question on the I am sticking with follow-ups to Chris's questions
 which I thought was solid.
 the early part of the season versus the latter part of the season, the earlier part of the
 was exceptionally robust.
 And you said the late part was a bit softer.
 But in somewhere in your remarks, I think you said all in,
 a total holiday.
 So it's prudent.
 early part and late part, finish down mid-single digits
 of the category, I think mathematically,
 to get the category down in single digits.
 we're gonna have to see some pretty sharp declines
 coming through the retail sales data in the next couple of weeks as we capture that late
 part of the season.
 I'm seeing
 about it right?
 interpret it in your comments correctly?
 Yes, yep, you are interpreting them correctly.
 So category was down mid-single digits overall,
 as much as our business was actually up.
 and we will see some of those decoys.
 Okay.
 one other thing to keep in mind there is a little bit of a timing impact from the
 Nielsen and IRI data given the season was on a Saturday versus a Thursday and based on
 on Retail and Reporting Days.
 So you will probably even see it's down even more.
 And you'll have to wait until kind of mid-November
 So you see some of those last couple of days being reported.
 So some of it, when you see, will be just the timing shift
 because of the day, the week, and some of it will certainly be the declines in trigger
 treat at the end.
 to it.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from line of David Driscoll with DD Research. Please proceed with your question.
 Great. Thank you. Good morning and congratulations on the great execution in the quarter.
 Thanks, David.
 I had two questions.
 The first one, just the two relatively small ones, on the other
 expense commentary.
 I think...
 Through the year-to-date period, other expense is only a small number, but your full-year
 projection $100 to $110 million on that means it's a fairly massive number in the fourth
 quarter. Am I doing the math right? Is that correct on how the pattern lays out for other
 expense and then related just another follow-up on your volumes expected in the fourth quarter.
 I think in your prepared comments, he said,
 North American organic growth, similar to third quarter, but pricing only like a half
 So that would mean volume is something like five percentage points positive in the fourth quarter.
 Am I doing those two pieces right?
 Any comments?
 or you can give them those two comments.
 be happy to do. So on the tax side and other expense here, exactly right, we will have
 a large other expense in the fourth quarter.
 consistent with what we've been saying even in the early guidance earlier in
 year and then along with that a lower tax rate in the fourth quarter to do the math on
 tax rate you also have to solve for a lower tax rate so that's how the those two
 lines will play out. And yes, on the volume up in the fourth quarter, you're thinking about
 the right way. We do have some inventory replenishment that will happen in the
 We saw that in the third.
 We'll see some more of that or that continue into the fourth.
 We're also lapping some elasticity after the price increase last year, and then this
 continued strong share gains.
 those three things are part of driving that fourth quarter volume.
 Michelle, a bigger picture question.
 First she took pricing in most of the portfolio outside of seasonal candies in 2018 and then
 in 2019, given the negative impact to Halloween
 for the entire category.
 And would you agree that now is probably not the time for seasonal price increase actions?
 Maybe this gets delayed to 2022 or sometime later until we get a normal consumer environment.
 Essentially, I'm just asking you to assess your ability to pass through cost increases
 through...
 It's a weird environment and I don't know how it's altered that calculus.
 Thank you.
 Yep, so obviously I can't speak to any specifics about our specific, any upcoming specific
 pricing actions.
 What I can say is, you know, there's been no change to our pricing strategy of smaller
 more frequent increases, and that doesn't necessarily mean we're going to have the same
 amount of pricing every year, or that we would always announce pricing at the same time.
 We did, for example, actually have a small price increase this past year on our food
 service business in the third quarter.
 So, you know, if we look over time, we have been able to price at various times, at various
 economic conditions.
 So, what's important to us is we do think pricing is an important part of our algorithm,
 But as we've talked about before, we really want to grow through balanced growth across
 cost lepers, distribution, velocity, innovation, price, et cetera.
 So, you know, we know that that is certainly the one piece of the portfolio that we have
 not yet priced. And I think it's fair to say that, you know, given that we haven't
 announced a price increase at this moment in time, the magnitude of pricing in 21 would
 be less than we've seen in prior years, at least at this point.
 You know, we've been pleased that we've seen conversion be pretty good this year, even
 in a very difficult economic environment, and I think that continues to demonstrate what
 we've seen over the years, which is the category is very
 We're resilient.
 Our brands are strong.
 We continue to invest into our brands and that does allow us for an even greater amount
 of pracing power.
 helpful. Thank you so much.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Powers with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
 Yes, hey, thanks. Good morning. I guess building somewhat on earlier questions
 I'd love a little bit more color around your general mindset heading into 21 as you work
 to your planning process.
 Clearly, there are parts of your business that have been under pressure this year, international
 movie theaters, vending specialties, et cetera, and hopefully all those set up for at least
 directional recovery in the year ahead, but at the same time, you've been gaining a lot of
 share. You've had great success in at-home categories like baking and with
 initiative like SMORES, all of which is a fantastic momentum, but you know again
 could set up for difficult year-to-year comparisons.
 So, as you sign it all together, I guess, is there a way to frame your thinking at a
 summary level to what degree those various puts and takes sort of just met each other
 out in your mind, or are you approaching 21 planning thinking we've got, you know, either
 a net easier or a net harder setup versus what, you know, one light consider typical.
 Thanks.
 So, we're pleased with the momentum that we are seeing, and I would say, you know, your
 call-outs and what you shared about some of the ups and downs on the business I think
 are very accurate.
 And we believe we're seeing that our category and our brands really resonate with consumers
 especially at a time like this,
 where they're looking for some of those moments
 of goodness, moments of happiness.
 We're really pleased with how we've been able to pivot
 with the consumer and also pivot with our capabilities
 to be able to execute within this environment.
 And we feel good about that momentum and our ability
 to continue pivoting.
 So, you know, this year, obviously, it was consumer shifted to take column, and so we
 We dialed up s'mores, and we dialed up twizzlers, and we dialed up baking, and we leaned into
 create the season to make sure that we could capture that opportunity, you know, giving
 consumers new ways to participate in Halloween that, frankly, we believe those things, like
 like candy slides, and candy graveyards, and all the creative things people did, will
 will probably become a part of their ongoing traditions and they have just evolved.
 As I mentioned, we were able to dial in and accelerate e-commerce, and I think as we look
 to next year, we are prepared if the consumer pivots yet again to be able to pivot with
 them, I think we've built and we've demonstrated the ability to execute well during this environment
 and also to pivot from an execution perspective, whether it's at retail or in our manufacturing
 facilities.
 So, we're...
 We're very focused on that.
 We've captured as well some, you know, cultural positive effects, I think, capabilities we've
 built in terms of operating in this environment that perhaps allow us to make decisions more
 more quickly, and we think that is an enabler for us going forward.
 So we feel good about that as we look to the future.
 I don't know if you want to take this one or Steve, but I just as a follow-up, sort of unrelated.
 Just any comments you might have on just current levels of promotion, the promotional environment,
 what you...
 expect to see there over the balance of 4Q and into 21.
 Thanks.
 Yeah, we don't see any significant change relative to promotional activity.
 Um, we didn't really see it this year.
 We didn't...
 anything significantly differently and nor do we expect to see anything in the future.
 Okay, perfect.
 I appreciate it.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from Lyon of Nick Modi with RBC.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Yeah, good morning, everyone.
 So Michelle, I was hoping you could provide some context
 on the partnership with Google that you use during the Halloween
 period and, you know, do you believe this capability can be leveraged for this holiday
 but also kind of in your everyday business
 as you kind of look forward?
 So, you know, we are continuing to leverage different types of data and analytic and insights
 more and more across the business and we continue to really try and stay on top of tracking
 consumer sentiment, and leveraging data and analytics to tailor copy, to tailor messaging,
 to tailor...
 or media.
 Because more and more we are operating at a more sophisticated level relative to using
 multiple data sources and also using that to reach consumers at the right places with
 the right message at the right time.
 And I guess what I'm trying to get at is, you know, is this kind of new way of, of kind
 of...
 like the return that you see from what you've done.
 like, can you just give us any kind of understanding?
 Because one thing I'm noticing across the entire CPG landscape is companies are spending
 more money but they are spending more money on the same message and in fact new consumers
 are being recruited, you know, use of occasions are changing.
 And so it really requires a change in how you talk to those consumers.
 And so I find this, you know, Google partnership, you know, incredibly compelling for you guys.
 So I'm just trying to get better context on how it's changing the return profile of your
 You can provide any context on that.
 So, we have a continuous focus on optimizing media and the returns on our media.
 we always have.
 We've had strong media ROI's forever, and our challenge is how do we keep making them
 better and then we continuously optimize based on that.
 So right now, you know, it's a big spend area for us.
 So it's an area we're very focused on elevating.
 And it is about, you know, making sure right now,
 I would say some of the biggest opportunity
 is that opportunity of even more precise targeting,
 and then once you have that target,
 the ability to alter the message.
 So, and then we alter our media mix accordingly.
 And I would say we see significant movement
 in that mix on a year-to-year basis,
 as we get better at that.
 I think we've raised, you know, some of the opportunities of how we've gone just very
 deep relative to specific seasons, whether it's s'mores,
 by zip code or whether it's specific, you know, holidays and looking at sell-through
 at a store-level basis to be able to dial up media on a zip code-level basis, so you'll
 continue to see more of that. Frankly, that's just becoming a way of how we
 operate now.
 Great.
 question just from an innovation standpoint, can you just provide any context on kind of
 what...
 remaining in terms of innovation this year and how things are going to work in 2021 if
 Is there any clarity you can provide on the launch timing?
 Yep, so we feel very good about our innovation, some of the innovations that we are excited
 about that are new to the market include the Reese pretzel product, a Reese cup with pretzels
 We've had a range of KitKat flavors.
 We know on a global basis, a big part of the KitKat portfolio are flavors they tend to
 do quite well.
 We are on a very small level launching snack cakes under a research trademark, which, you
 you know, delivers that re-experience in a slightly different type of product form and
 we feel good on that versus bases some of the early test results.
 And we will have more coming.
 some items on our take-home side of our business that won't get announced
 until early next year, which is typically the time we announce those things just given
 and reset windows.
 No major change in our innovation strategy.
 We think it's working very well for us.
 We think it's right-sized and we think it's delivering
 much more sustainable results.
 Great. I'll pass it on. Thank you.
 Thank you.
 The next question comes from the line of Michael Lavery with Piper Sandler.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Thank you. Good morning.
 Good morning.
 You've talked about the increase in e-commerce sales, even if it might have decelerated a
 a little bit, but it's up very strongly.
 You've said in the past that baskets and dollar ring are higher online.
 Is that still holding true with the growth that you're seeing now?
 And on the margin side, you've mentioned that there's a small gap, but that you were
 of marrying it and that scale would help that is,
 Is that coming along the way that you would have expected?
 out of that look now.
 Yeah, I mean, we've generally seen larger basket sizes
 in general across most channels this year
 as people are, you know, doing fewer trips
 and more quantity per trip.
 So I think that's been somewhat of just an underlying dynamic given the pandemic impact
 in the marketplace.
 For us, on our e-commerce business, we've seen very significant growth across the board,
 but particularly in Click and Collect,
 where people actually go and pick up their groceries
 and also in the local delivery models as well,
 versus kind of national deliver.
 The margins that we have are similar to what we see in bricks and mortar.
 Okay, great.
 That's helpful.
 It goes through areas.
 Excuse me.
 those two areas where we have, you know, similar products, obviously, that we sell in Bricson
 order, isn't it?
 Steve, anything you want to add?
 Yeah, I would say is that, you know, we've said in the past that overall e-commerce margins
 are a little bit dilutive, and it's there, as Michelle just said, in Click and Collect
 of local delivery, very similar, not much impact, and that's probably two-thirds of
 our e-commerce business.
 The piece that is more dilutive is the ship to home, and in particular, a cold ship, and
 that's an area...
 where we continue to work with our customers
 and look at our overall investment with those customers and joint business planning to drive
 efficiencies over time so that those margins align.
 Okay, thanks, and I just want to follow up on s'mores.
 So I thought that your data analysis and insight there to push that the way that you did was
 interesting. As you're seeing, you know, cases rise again now, are you replicating that?
 Are you seeing similar results?
 Is there a SMORS surge we should expect?
 And would it be right to assume that those Hershey milk chocolate bars are probably some
 of the highest margin ones that you have.
 So, we have really expanded some mores from at one point.
 It was a very focused time of year to really capturing some more of this year-round opportunity
 especially if you think about how different weather is across the entire country.
 There are lots of opportunities to continue to expand that.
 So, we're very focused on that, you know, we're also very focused on the upcoming baking
 season, where we know that consumers will be spending time at home. It's already a natural
 baking season.
 And so we'll be looking to really optimize what we're able to drive, you know, leverage
 in sites around that season as well.
 Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from a line of Brian Spillin with Bank of America.
 This is a really good question.
 Hi, good morning everyone.
 So just one question for me, and I think there was a little bit of a commentary in the prepared
 remarks about inflation and cost of goods sold.
 So maybe Steve, could you just give us kind of a lay of the land
 right now in terms of what commodity costs and just cost of goods inflation looks like
 currently, you know, in the context of seems like freight costs are going up, you've had
 some competitors talk about.
 out.
 So just trying to get an understanding of, you know, directionally where inflation is
 headed right now.
 Yeah, for us, I'd say overall, it's been relatively stable, so on the commodity side,
 relatively stable. You saw big movements in commodities across Q2 and Q3 and of
 course, we've talked in the past, we mitigate some of that volatility with our hedging program
 and I would say today they're fairly stable.
 There are increases in freight costs.
 And there, too, our teams do a great job of longer-term contracting, which helps
 mitigate some of that increase, so that hasn't been a real material impact for us.
 We have seen some increased warehousing costs and part of that is volume and flow through
 through, along with the share gains and the volume increases that we've seen, so we call
 that out in the prepared remarks, but in total, at least sitting at this point, I would say
 overall COGS is fairly stable, and we'll get more guidance on 2021 when we get
 to the fourth quarter call.
 but I guess we can infer from that,
 at least from where we sit today,
 that, you know, that it's stable is something that looks like it kind of carries into next
 year unless something changes?
 Yeah, I think that's fair. You know next year as we get the you're going to have the 2020 and 2021 cop
 crops of cocoa start to bear the lid so you know there's that to consider and
 And then there's other things, obviously, on the gross margin side, as Michelle said,
 We'll have a little bit more volume driven than price driven mix driving growth margin
 next year.
 continuing productivity goals, and again, a lot more on that to come when we talk on
 a fourth quarter call.
 All right, thanks Steve, that's very helpful.
 Have a happy Thanksgiving, everyone.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Baumgartner with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
 Good morning. Thanks for the question.
 Good morning.
 All right.
 Michelle, I'd like to follow up on the Rhesus snack cake.
 You mentioned that it's small right now, but you know,
 Hersey went down this path about 15 years ago and it didn't really translate into anything
 material so I'm curious what the data tells you in terms of changes to the
 landscape now.
 Does this maybe mark a new phase of the SNAC section evolution?
 I guess, where do you think it slots in?
 I mean, does it compete against the Twinkie?
 the cookies just you know where's the target market you know any any big
 picture thoughts would be appreciated.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 So, you know, I think we've approached this
 in a very thoughtful and measured way,
 which was not a mass launch
 where we just threw it out there
 and tried to make it as big as we possibly could
 at one point in time,
 but we did a very targeted in-market launch
 for an extended period of time.
 so that we could really learn about the proposition
 We've spent a lot of time in terms of developing the product to make sure that we have the
 sure that we really understood some of the drivers of liking in this snack cake area.
 And we also really thought about where and how we wanted to play and launch.
 This, for example, is very C-store focused.
 It is, you know, a single-serve type of item, so we're keeping it as a focused launch.
 It is definitely bringing the great chocolate and peanut butter taste profile that we have
 on Reese's to the snack cake market. So yes, it is, you know, playing in that snack cake
 area versus other snack cake brands.
 We know that we had participated in this category for many years through licensing, and we learned
 through that, that our brands could participate and extend to the category.
 We also know that morning snacking has been a growing trend and our confection items skew
 more to afternoon and evening, so this is a chance for us to participate in some of
 that growth because that is where the snacktakes get utilized so again we're
 We're going to have a very focused rollout, and we'll put it in locations where we think
 we can garner incremental space where we think there's a strong consumer fit and starting
 at Seastore and looking at other select areas and then if it continues to perform well we
 we will expand, but we will watch it closely and take a measured approach.
 Great. Thanks, Michelle.
 Thank you.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Alexia Howard with Bernstein. Please proceed with your question.
 Good morning everyone.
 Good morning.
 Can I just talk about the Seastore channel specifically?
 it's obviously been under pressure because of the pandemic.
 But I imagine that there has been some sequential improvement in that.
 Could you maybe just give us some numbers about how that channel is recovering?
 Absolutely.
 So, as you said, we've continued to see strength in food and mass and dollar as consumers eat
 more at home.
 The Seastore class did see a bit of recovery in the third quarter, so we saw the business
 grow in the low single digits in the third quarter, which is definitely an important
 improvement versus those early pandemic trends.
 It did...
 then slow a little bit as summer ended and those summer road trips decreased with kids
 going back to school.
 Our business...
 This has tracked pretty much in line with the channel and significantly ahead of the
 categories, so we have shared gains of about 120 basis points in Q3 in that channel.
 So I'm seeing some rebounds and some recovery versus where it was in the past as people
 are out about a little bit more than they were.
 Great.
 follow-up, follow-up actually on Brian's Elaine's question about freight cost.
 I remember back in 2018 as Freight Cough spiked back then, that was quite a bit of a headwind
 for you.
 It seems as though it's not so much of a problem this time around.
 Are you able to tell us roughly what proportion of COGS freight actually represents and how
 much about it already contracted out, and what you've learned since 2018 to make the
 situation this time around, a bit more manageable.
 Thank you.
 So, yeah, freight costs right now, we don't see as a material impact if it continues to
 It'll have a bigger, bigger impact right now, again, because we're contracting our team
 He's doing a great job of managing those contracts.
 it's not having as material impact.
 You know, it's roughly 10% of TOGS overall.
 And so it's not immaterial, but right now I'm not seeing enough movement there given
 the contract and to really drive a material that's back down over all Cogs.
 Great. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Fini with Consumer Edge. Please proceed with your question.
 Good morning. Thanks very much and thanks for a great Halloween
 Personally and professionally, the zenith of my financial ambitions has been to give
 about full-size candy bars, which I was, again, able to execute.
 So thank you.
 up to quick one
 opera i noticed in the day that you're pricing in north america
 is plus 1.9 on the takeaway, plus 3.3 is what you reported.
 Is that just the math?
 or is there some shrinking or different mix
 within retailer margins, that is my first question.
 Secondly, historically, when you look at today's velocities, generally, tomorrow's
 distribution and your velocity has been fantastic.
 This is a weird year.
 A lot of people's velocity is fantastic, but do you anticipate gaining shelf space in that
 every day, you look at these baking items, you look at these take-home items, like this
 This is phenomenally better velocity.
 forget about just the total sales that you're seeing there.
 You anticipate significant share gains,
 perhaps structural ones.
 I'm talking share of shelf here as retailers do resets for holiday and for going forward.
 Thank you.
 So, two parts to your question.
 The first was around price, some of the discrepancy, and yes, there is a mix impact.
 Honestly, it might be best if Melissa goes and takes you through a deep dive on that
 because there's some complexity associated with it.
 but the P&L is definitely accurate.
 As it relates to velocity, yeah, good velocity, I like your phrase, today's velocity is tomorrow's
 distribution, I do think that's very accurate. As we look at the seasons, you
 asked about holiday, you know, we certainly have been able to garner incremental distribution,
 SKUs throughout the year, both in terms of every day and season, because we've been able
 to deliver, and the items that we then put on shelf, not only could we supply them, but
 they...
 they moved. So we do feel good about that. You know, we'll continue to take a very disciplined
 approach and be very careful that we don't over-skew, so we really have to look at the
 productivity of every SKU and as long as it's good, we will be there. But yes, we have
 been able to gain some distribution and going forward, I anticipate that we will continue
 to be able to perhaps even through the first part of next year.
 Thanks very much, and I'll follow up with Melissa.
 Very good.
 Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zaslow with BMO. Please proceed with your question.
 Hey, good morning everyone.
 Good morning, Bacon.
 I just have one quick question. Everything's been asked and answered.
 You make a reference in the prepared remarks about Pirate's Booty is tracking ahead of
 your strategic plans.
 Can you talk about what are the key learnings that you've developed, you know, through your
 years as a CEO that has really helped you kind of make this a better acquisition and, you
 know, implement it.
 So what are your key learnings and what do you take forward to future learnings, the
 future acquisitions.
 Wow, so I think a lot of learnings along the way. I guess I would start with
 You know, there's a business model for brands that we as a company are best with and that
 is, you know, branded items where, you know,
 brand matters where the business has significant scale, you know, probably close to that hundred
 million dollar mark and it needs to be a business that has a high gross margin because that's
 That's what our business model is.
 We're a branded company.
 We invest a lot in marketing, and we have high margins that enable us to kind of invest
 in...
 grow, invest and grow, and we, that's our model.
 That's what we need.
 So I think that was one of the biggest learnings
 was to help us select the asset.
 I think secondly, really understanding the strength of the brand and really being able
 to do the right deep dives on which KPIs, we think, predict the ability for a brand
 to scale.
 And then I would say, you know, really trying to scale the business well.
 And I would say, hey, we've learned lessons the whole way
 along the way. As you know in the past we bought some businesses that were too small,
 We bought some businesses that, you know, had lower margins and we had some that we
 perhaps didn't execute on the scaling as well.
 And I think we've had a very focused effort on the scaling as well and we've gotten much
 much better at that relative to supply chain, relative to the talent that we need when we
 We buy a company like this where we want to keep the entrepreneurial spirit, we want
 to keep people who know the brand and the business, but we also have to be focused on
 the point that we're also at a point where we want to scale the business, so, I mean,
 I go back to the scale, the branded nature, the high margin, or probably the biggest
 and then picking the right underlying KPIs that say it's a sustainable business, because
 if we can do that, we can make it home.
 Great.
 I really appreciate it.
 Thanks.
 Thank you
 Thank you, ladies and gentlemen that concludes our question and answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Ms.
 Poole for any final comments.
 Thank you all for joining us this morning. I will be available after the call to answer
 or any additional questions you may have.
 Have a great day.
 Thank you. This concludes today's conference.
 If you may disconnect your lines at this time, thank you for your participation.