 Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Necron UEPS Technologies Inc. 1st Quarter 2022 Earnings Call.
 All participants will be in listen-only mode and there will be an opportunity to ask questions
 pleasure during the conference.
 Should you need assistance during the call, please signal an operator by pressing star and then zero.
 Please also note that this event is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to Ms. Dara Dukes.
 It's Donald Dukes.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you, Operator. Welcome to our first quarter 2022 Earnings Health.
 With me today are Chris Meyers, Group CEO, Lincoln Olly, South Africa CEO, and Alex Smith CFO.
 are personally in supplemental interest,
 These are some of the main issues that we've had in the past.
 I think we're going to have to take some time to think about that.
 are available on our investor relations website at ir.networn.com.
 As a reminder, during the fall, we'll be making forward-looking statements, and I ask you
 So look at the Australian language contained in our form 10-2.
 providing the risk and uncertainty of the associated risk for losing statement.
 Also, we will discuss our results in South African lands, which is non-guest.
 We analyze our results of operations and our pressurize and rank and assist investors
 understanding of the underlying trends in our business.
 As you know, the company's results can be significantly affected by the current
 between the U.S. dollar and South African ramp.
 This will start the call today with an update on strategy.
 Ben Lincoln will provide an update on the turnaround of the South African operation.
 And finally, how it will go through the results of the first quarter.
 So that will have a Q&A session.
 I would like to turn the volume over to Chris.
 Thank you, Dara, and good morning. Good afternoon, and thank you to all for joining us for our first quarter earnings call today
 Okay.
 So this evening's call-
 Gormos my first full quarter and in essence I suppose my 100 days in the
 year and I couldn't be more pleased with the progress and focus execution of the management
 team, and all of the committed NET1 team members in advancing our strategic priorities.
 As this is my second earnings call as Group CEO, I thought it would be worth repeating
 on what I've stated about the vision and mission of NET1 and our intense focus on repositioning
 the business for growth.
 Our vision is to build and operate the leading South African full-service fintech platform,
 offering payment processing and financial services
 to underserved merchants and consumers.
 Aligned with that vision is our core purpose to improve people's lives by bringing financial
 inclusion to the underserved in South Africa.
 This is a tremendous growth opportunity
 in the southern African market, which is primarily a cash-based economy, with approximately
 60% of transactions still conducted in cash.
 and also previously explained that our mission leads us to a total addressable market of
 over 150 billion around, comprising more than 26 million adults in LSMs 1 to 6, as well
 There's approximately 700,000 formal and 1.4 million informal, micro-small and medium
 enterprises or MSMEs across South Africa.
 We plan to address this growth opportunity
 both organically and through acquisitions, such as the transformative acquisition of
 the Kinect group that was announced last week.
 The announcement of the Connect Group acquisition marks the start of a transformative opportunity
 to unlock the next phase of NetOne's growth.
 and the combined entity provides our stakeholders
 with the opportunity to be a part of building the leading financial technology platform
 in Southern Africa focus on financial inclusion.
 I think that it is important to point out that none of this would have been possible
 without the dedication of our exceptional team members across our group, and I wanted
 to thank them all for the commitment to our customers, our communities, and to our growth
 ambition.
 As a reminder, the connect group transaction is subject to regulatory approvals and other
 customary closing conditions and as such we expect the transaction to close in the course
 to end in March 2022 and the focus of this presentation will therefore be on our existing
 net one business.
 While the economy in South Africa remains challenging, I am encouraged by the continued
 progress being made in the turnaround of our consumer financial services business.
 And in particular, the momentum we are seeing in the rate of new account openings and the
 ability of our team to take action in improving our financial performance.
 However, I want to remind everyone that we are still early in our transformative journey,
 and there's still a lot of work to be done.
 As mentioned on the last turning school, we have started to address legacy organizational
 dynamics in an effort to provide the necessary foundation for the company to execute on its
 Christ and vision and vision.
 We believe that we now have the right team, culture and strategic priorities to take the
 company to the next level, creating a competitively stronger company that can unlock value for
 for all of our stakeholders.
 A key strategic imperative is to return the consumer financial service business to break
 even and then into profitability as soon as possible.
 This is our business comprising easy pay everywhere,
 EPE, MoneyLine, and SmartLine.
 It is a scale business that requires operational leverage
 with the products and infrastructure.
 were built originally to serve at the base of over 10 million clients.
 As you know, the offering now has a million clients
 than you just lost making.
 Our objective is to achieve a monthly break,
 even run rate in this business by June 2022.
 Our strategy for achieving this has three key levers.
 Firstly, growth in active EPE account numbers.
 Second, we will drive increased R-Poo.
 Third, cost optimization.
 In terms of EPA concrete, we've invested in a new sales capability and are in the process
 of realigning our distribution model to best serve our customers.
 We have seen good momentum and are now consistently signing up around 50,000 new EPE accounts
 each month.
 This has meant that our counter-opening rate has jumped from around 2% of active accounts
 in May this year to currently around 5% of active accounts.
 Our contact evasion rates are a key focus for us.
 This means receiving a grant payment into the new EPE account, such that these account
 holders become revenue-earning customers for us.
 We are seeing cumulative activation rates
 of 45 to 50% within three months of an account opening,
 which is broadly in line with expectations at this time.
 This means that we expect to see growth in active accounts
 of 20 to 25,000 consistently per month from November 2021.
 And this is a pleasing trend from the past calendar three years, where active accounts
 were consistently declining.
 The second lever is to improve our average revenues per customer.
 To achieve this, we are focused on providing access to our broadest retail products,
 in particular smart life and money life.
 Our sales teams are being supported and assisted with training, and we are building a more
 integrated cross-product approach to customer solutions.
 The third lever is cost.
 And this is a lever where we as management have full control.
 And here I can report significant progress to date.
 We have managed to reduce the break-even active EPE account
 number from approximately 1.65 million accounts in June 21 to 1.55 million accounts through
 direct cost actions taken during the quarter. It's important to note that we previously
 indicated a break-even level of between 1.4 and 1.5 million accounts and I wanted to clarify
 that this was for the FAA business alone and excluded our group costs.
 The numbers I'm now disclosing will be the breakeven point for NET 1 UPS at a group
 level. In order to achieve these things, we have closed over 3,000 mobile payment points
 across the country and replace them with 114 new express and satellite branches, providing
 similar reach and access for our target client base.
 The change in our point of presence strategy,
 when combined with other cost actions,
 taken in this quarter will translate into approximately 185 million rand of cost savings
 of the remainder of the fiscal year, which, in turn,
 translate into an 18% reduction in fixed costs within the consumer financial
 services business this year.
 Ultimately, our aim is to further reduce the break-even active EPA account numbers to
 to cursor to a million accounts.
 to further cost-optimization strategies that we are exploring.
 We will report in more detail on the specifics of these strategies and the implementation
 presentation thereof at our next quarterly results presentation.
 Making together, once completed, these three levers mean we are targeting for future growth
 in our EPE account base to translate into direct contribution to profitability.
 In summary, I'm pleased with the significant management actions taken this quarter, which
 will have a positive impact on our financial results going forward and I'm positive about
 our long-term prospects, which will be aided by our acquisition of Kinect Group as we
 move closer to our longer-term vision to be the leading financial technology platform
 in Southern Africa focus on financial inclusion.
 As part of this, we are also reviewing our branding and we look to have something new
 to announce on that front in the coming months.
 And with that, I'd now like to hand over to my colleague,
 Lincoln Mali for a full update on the turnaround of the South African operations.
 Lincoln.
 Thank you, Chris.
 Thank you for your passion, thank you for your drive and leadership during the last few months.
 I'd like to go into much more detail on how we plan to address some of the issues that
 that have been highlighted by Chris in his comments.
 Our plan will focus on three primary objectives.
 One, building a sales culture.
 improving our account performance in three launching new products.
 First, let me begin by the focus on building a sales culture.
 We have embarked on an ambitious and necessary journey
 to change the mindset, service orientation,
 corporate culture and skill set of our distribution network from a cash logistics to a client
 focused, self-driven culture.
 This mindset is largely based on four important pillars.
 So, one, create a culture of communication, engagement,
 transparency and empowerment among our staff to give them pride and dignity about working for net one
 One, two, develop a focus on individual customer experience.
 This is about treating our customers with respect and dignity and ensure that we have
 meaningful conversations about their financial needs.
 Three, building a sense of accountability
 about individual, team, and company performance.
 and lastly train and ensure that our teams
 align their daily activities and focus areas with our vision and purpose.
 We have been humbled by the positive response to this new culture, by our teams at all levels
 of the organization.
 This is evident in the increased visibility of our staff and communities, as well as the
 the emergence of our brand in the competitive market.
 I am humbled by the feedback from our frontline leaders who are daily driving this change
 on an ongoing basis.
 Our training program has already been implemented for over 90 percent of our team and we believe
 that these ongoing efforts and better visibility of metrics and performance should assist
 as an increasing revenue per customer.
 I now want to get to the issue of our focus on improving our account performance.
 As Chris has mentioned, to date, approximately 45 to 50 percent of the gross customer editions
 become active within three months of account opening and commence transaction on their
 accounts.
 This number is in line with historic expectations.
 However, we are still putting on more focus in improving overall activation rates.
 How are we doing so?
 One, by regular engagement with Tansasa colleagues
 at a provincial and local level.
 two, by encouraging our customers to approach SASA offices
 after accounts are opened.
 in order to activate those accounts.
 by monitoring activation rates on a regular basis and through increased visibility of
 activation metrics, and lastly, engaging Sasa on their plans to digitize the onboarding
 process long-term beyond the SRG grant.
 NET1 is committed to be part of creating solutions to the system and those of the related challenges
 if this is an imperative for our business about how we are on board with the grand recipients
 and make sure that the account is active.
 I want to shift now to the third area of focus, which
 is launching of new products.
 In line with our vision and purpose,
 We are focusing on financial inclusion for the underbank,
 and bank consumers beyond social grant recipients.
 We've been working hard to understand customer needs
 And I'm proud to have lunch
 the E.P.E.P.E.P.
 E-Lite and smart one-final plan into the market as of the 1st of November 2021 if I start with
 the EPE light.
 The EPE-Lite proposition is competitively placed in the market, and responds to the
 market requirements for a basic transactional account that is affordable, secure, and does
 but not include field capabilities that a consumer may not require.
 This account is aimed at a younger customer base between the ages of 18 and 30.
 The customer base may include students, young,
 grand recipients and any other customer who seeks a lower cost of an fractional account.
 Now I want to come to the next account, which is smart one.
 In addition to the EPE live transaction account, we've also successfully launched an enhanced
 funeral plane called SMART-1. SMART-1 is a standalone funeral plane that can be
 purchase via the net one network and is offered under the smart life insurance
 license. In keeping with the financial inclusion, ESOS of NET1, SMART1 offers affordable funeral
 plan cover for the primary beneficiary as well as the extended family with additional
 support benefits that are required by our customers in their times of need.
 The target market are customers between the ages of 18 and 79.
 It can be customized uniquely to include a spouse or up to six children.
 We are very proud of these new offerings and we believe that they will do well in the
 market in response to customer needs.
 In order to further broaden our reach into our chosen customer base, beyond grand recipients,
 We are also engaging with prospective strategic partners to jointly develop and deliver Kaila
 banking, lending, and insurance solutions.
 We expect these new propositions, in addition to our existing and prospective offerings,
 answer to the needs of our customers and to accelerate the growth of the financial services
 business.
 I want to now talk about our ATM business.
 Another focus area for customer expansion and revenue growth is our ATM channel optimization plan.
 Transaction volumes in our ATM business were down by 12 percent on the previous quarter
 and by 10% on the prior year.
 But this was largely due to the impact of the social unrest.
 Volumes have now largely recovered in September 2021. This is part of our business that was
 affected by the social unrest with over 10% of our ATM destroyed while we now
 have a smaller ATM fleet. Our focus is on improving transaction volumes to compensate
 for this with a focus on expanding the presence of our ATMs in various regionals.
 During the last three months, we have reviewed
 network branches with multiple ATMs to evaluate the rationale of the placement and the machines
 that are there, have been relocated in those environments
 the way those machines are not performing.
 We are also focusing on placing more machines
 in retail outlets where there is a high food traffic
 for the full duration of the month,
 and the ATM is accessible to customers seven days a week.
 It is our belief that our focus of germination should not only result in higher transaction
 volume but should you also improve our bottom line performance over time. At this
 time. I think it's important for us to give you a sense about how we are rebuilding and
 in establishing relationships with key stakeholders that we work with as part of our growth strategy.
 We have had several very constructive engagements with SAFA after having challenging relationships
 over the last few years.
 Let me share one example of this new renewed relationship.
 SASA has recently issued an RFP to the Banking Association of South Africa, BASA members,
 to respond to a tender covering specific social grant payments for a period of time ending
 in March 2023.
 The expectation is for more than one bank to be appointed to administer the payments
 under this tender.
 Green Road Bank will partner with Net1 to make a joint bid on the tender.
 At NetOne, we see this joint submission as a positive step in our continued relationship
 with Gynrod and confirmed the growing strength of our relationship with them.
 Secondly, in addition, we established net one representation
 as a banking association of South Africa through our partnership with Grinrod.
 Thirdly, we also now have a direct membership to the South African Bank Risk Information
 Center, known as Sabrik, to ensure that we are part of all efforts to deal with security
 cybercrime and all other related crime matters.
 Four, I'm pleased to update you about a long-standing legal matter between Net One and the National
 credit regulator, NCR, that originated in our money line financial services business
 in September 2014.
 The legal matter has now been settled to the mutual satisfaction of both parties, and this
 just now sets a positive tone for the relationship with the National Credit Regulator going forward.
 Taken together, we believe our approach to key stakeholders management is showing good
 result, and we will continue to grow these relationships going forward.
 In summary, the work that has been done in the last six months by the leadership and
 management and teams, as well as all of our staffs in NetOne.
 It leaves the foundation and moves us in the direction required to transform the consumer
 financial services business into a full-service, profitable, and leading FinTech company serving
 South Africa. I'd like to echo the sentiments of my colleague Chris. I'd like to thank the
 a net one team for their resilience and their performance during these difficult times.
 We are determined to succeed.
 I will now hand over to my colleague, Alex, to talk about our course a little bit about.
 Thank you, Lincoln, and good morning, everybody.
 Now let's turn to the financial metrics for the quarter, as well as some brief comments
 when I'll connect feedback position.
 Total revenue for the quarter was $34.5 million, which was a 2% decrease year over year in
 in U.S. dollar terms and a 14% decrease in randoms.
 This was primarily due to fewer prepaid airtime and hardware sales and lower account revenues.
 The U.S. dollar was 13% weaker against the round during the first quarter of 2022 compared
 to the same period in the prior year, which also impacted our reported results.
 results.
 reported an adjusted EBITDA loss of $10.1 million, which was 4% worse than the $9.7
 million dollar EBITDA loss reported for the first quarter of 2021, though 10% better in
 constant currency.
 This was mainly as a result of the closure of IPG, which incurred a loss of $2.8 million
 in the prior period.
 The core South African operation saw even dial losses for the quarter of $8.6 million
 compared to the $4.3 million in the prior period, primarily due to the lower revenue
 levels, as well as weaker profitability in the financial services segment, late to increase
 insurance claims related to the COVID pandemic. Otherwise, the cost base remains stable and we
 of significant available capacity.
 Transaction volumes through our EDP switch were up 11% compared to the prior quarter,
 while transaction values also increased by around 4%.
 percent. This was in line with expectations as this is a higher volume period from a seasonality
 perspective. But within this portfolio there is an encouraging sustained growth in Bill
 payment volumes over the previous year.
 In our financial services business, the loan books finished September 30th, 2021, at 346
 round versus $384 million on the 30th of September, 2020, and $384 million on the 30th of September,
 and $336 million at 30th of June, 2021.
 The other significant contributor in this segment is our insurance business, which
 the source number of active policies increased to 251,000 from 235,000 a year ago.
 However, a marked increase in claims, which were 42% higher in quarter 1-22 than in quarter
 121 due to the pandemic meant that this was the main driver of the increased loss in financial services.
 During the quarter, we recognised our share of Thinbonds losses for the six months ended August 31, 2021,
 as they report their interim results during this reporting cycle.
 Their losses in the period had reduced from the prior period, which had been adversely
 affected by the pandemic, but they continued to incur losses due to various challenges.
 Our share of the losses amounts to $1.2 million, which reduced our effective carrying value
 a thin bond to $7.6 million, which is substantially lower than the current share price.
 Turning to our various investments.
 Firstly, we have MobyQuicks.
 We continue to hold our investment, it might be quick, at $76 million in line with the
 Evaluation achieved in the most recent investor fundraising round.
 We only adjust our carrying value in the event of observable transactions.
 And the one...
 when none appearing during this quarter.
 We also continue to hold our investment in CELC at zero at no value.
 We noted the renewal of the cautionary by blue-labeled telecoms in respect of the recapitalization
 and are optimistic about their prospects of achieving this.
 It would again like to highlight that we continue to hold around 233 million rand or 15.4 million
 dollars of healthy airtime within our inventory balances, which we only expect to recover
 once the recapitalization is complete.
 In August 2021, we increased our short-term credit facilities for our fixed ATMs from
 from 1.2 billion rand to 1.4 billion rand in order to access the necessary cash to stock
 or ITNs.
 These facilities are only available for use in respect of our ITMs and we believe are
 are currently sufficient to optimally operate our ATM business.
 At September 30th, 2021, we had unrestricted cash of $188.5 million and effectively no
 debt.
 U.S. dollar denominated balances were $162.5 million out of that total.
 This represents $3.49 per share in cash
 and about 58% of our current net asset value.
 Our operational cash burn for the quarter amounted to $8 million, so this did include
 a $2 million release from working capital.
 As Chris highlighted, we announced a definitive agreement to acquire 100% of the connect group
 last week for a consideration of approximately $3.7 billion in rent.
 expect to finance the transaction using cash on hand, our existing credit facility, and
 issuance of net one common stock.
 The acquisition is expected to close in the quarter ended March 31, 2022 as it is subject
 of regulatory approval and satisfaction of customary closing conditions.
 I've signed the definitive agreements last week.
 We will now commence the process.
 in conjunction with Connect Group Management of preparing Connect Group accounts on the
 US gap so that we can prepare pro forma results to share with the market after closing and
 under applicable regulatory requirements.
 With that operator, we'd like to turn the call back over to you for the Q&A portion of our call.
 Thank you.
 Thank you very much sir.
 that isn't gentleman if you wish to ask a question.
 Please restart and then one on your touch turned phone or on the keypad on your screen.
 If you wish to withdraw your question, please press star and then 2 to remove yourself from
 the queue.
 And if you wish to ask a question, please press star and then one now.
 You will hear a confirmation turn that you have joined the queue.
 Our first question is from Raj Sharama of B. Riley.
 Peace.
 Good morning, guys.
 Thank you for laying out a definitive plan.
 Could you talk a little bit about the cost base that you are referring to currently and
 where that goes to by June.
 Thank you.
 I thought there was an 18 to 20% reduction.
 If you could talk a little bit about that.
 And then what do you expect in June the level of counts to be in EPE?
 Sure, Rog.
 So just to clarify on the cost production, so we've identified about 185 million of
 costs that we will be able to take out this fiscal year.
 And that's predominantly coming out of the fixed cost base.
 And when we break down and obviously very focused on the financial services because
 that's where we're looking to achieve the profitability.
 So, when we break down our cost base between $60,000 and $50,000, $50,000, $50,000, $50,000,
 variable, we estimate that most of that $185 million is coming out of the fixed cost space,
 And that's about an 18% reduction in the fixed cost
 that we'll achieve this year.
 Right.
 And that's it.
 That would be indicative of about 1.5 million EPE accounts by June of – by the end of
 is for you? Is that the way to look at it?
 So we're targeting a little less than that in terms of
 of achieving breakeven at the SA level, but we estimate that we need to be at 1.55 million
 to achieve breakeven at the UEPS group level.
 So, I think in the past, we've always indicated break evens of the SAE group level.
 We're now trying to give some guidance around including the cost that we hold at the group
 level. So that's what lists the the breakeven point up to the 1.55 million account level.
 If I could add, Roger, Chris, would the consume?
 Sorry, go ahead.
 I
 No, but at least, um...
 So I think just to summarise, the actions taken in this quarter will have moved our
 break even point down by 100,000 accounts. That's what it equates to. And an 18% for
 reduction in the fixed cost base of our financial services business.
 I think the other point to add is we have a number
 other areas under review, and we're working very hard on the cost basis within the financial
 services business, the consumer financial services business, and our aim is to bring
 that break even point down, as I was saying earlier, as close to our existing account
 base as possible. That's what we're trying to do. So, I think the important message we
 trying to deliver is, I think historically there was purely one lever being focused on
 which was the lever of grow account numbers.
 What you're saying is there are three leavers here.
 leave a one is let's grow account numbers, but more importantly, we believe we can optimize
 up the cost base in this business.
 Well, as importantly, we believe we can optimize the cost base in this business, and we are
 Focus on bringing down the breakeven point to as close as possible to our current EPA
 accounts, active EP account base as possible. So that's very important. And then the third
 point to add is, you know, to pick up on someone with Lincoln was saying earlier, we won't
 We're putting a real focus on the average revenue per client, and that's through, you
 you know, training and focusing our staff across the country in terms of the broader
 products, money line, smart glass, and therefore, you know, offering a greater
 product offering to our client base and improving that overall revenue per client.
 Okay, so if I understand it correctly, the 100,000 accounts that is going to be lowered
 by the end of the fiscal year, it goes from 1.55 to 1.45, is that right? 1.55 to 1.45.
 1.65 to 1.55.
 Yeah, and then by that time you're saying that's the overall group level that you're going to achieve break even
 And so would, at that level, would the consumer group be breakeven?
 wouldn't be.
 No.
 No, we're not saying that.
 So we think those are identified costs that we've already
 and have managed to reduce the breakeven point to 1.55.
 All right.
 Like, that's the first one?
 Right.
 Thank you very much.
 Our aim, our intention is to get this business to a break-even point, to a run-rate break-even
 in June 2022 through further actions within those three levers that I've just described
 to you.
 Right, and does the ARPU, and I know that I think Lincoln talked about,
 Let me just talk about RP increase.
 Does that change the metric significantly from 250
 in account a month in financing,
 in financial and processing, does that change that?
 I think the expectation was to go to three and I'm talking about dollars per account
 per month.
 Is that also expecting to change?
 Because you're bringing on some light products, the EPE light and the smart one, would that
 lower your R2 in the business.
 So, Raj, could you just repeat that last section?
 So the last section was, you know, you're going to introduce you or you have introduced
 EPP light and the smart one.
 My question is that the overall arc will go down as a result of you have the growth in
 the accounts and you'll have the growth in the overall revenue levels, but does the R-POO
 level go down because of offering these life products.
 So the the EP light might dilute slightly, but it won't it's unlikely to have a significant effect
 the smart one product is more of a
 of rebranding and depositioning and actually, you know,
 can enhance it quite significantly, actually, because we feel that the penetration of the
 insurance product into the base is quite low.
 and also if I can come in, I think the light product,
 the EPE light is intended to broaden our, you know, offering, you know, beyond the social
 gone for 50 in markets.
 So the numbers we're talking about,
 This would be in addition to that in the sense.
 Yeah, I could also add, right, if you think about this,
 mat one also goes beyond the social ground base. This is
 Again, people will understand alone who are looking for a funeral policy, and again, it
 It breaks the mold that our focus is not only on social grand recipients, but any other
 the person was looking for a product of that nature.
 So collectively, this should be more positive than negative.
 got it
 Thank you in that so so on the account growth you're saying that the you're doing about 50,000
 new accounts a
 month
 Did I catch that correctly?
 Yes, that's our current run rate.
 We've seen that for the last few months.
 Great and that's what gets you to the break even level of 1.55 million
 No, the 1.5 by the end of the fiscal year
 Sorry, again, Rog. So the 1.55 is what we would see as I break even based on our cost
 space and assumptions on revenues.
 Yeah, that's it.
 Okay.
 But we are saying that our aim is to get to breakeven by June 2022 run rate breakeven
 in June 2022 through the combination of three levers,
 which would be growing our count base,
 You know, as we currently said, up to secondly, increasing the revenue per client.
 Thirdly, and probably most materially of the three at this point, is the cost leavers
 that we are focused on.
 Uh, got it.
 And then this account growth, are you,
 I know that Lincoln was talking about the initiatives with SAFSA and the joint bid.
 Are you in any of this account growth?
 Is there any number that you're assuming before growth of the SASA accounts, the grant
 accounts?
 the grant recipients
 No, we have infected in the tender, in our projections.
 the
 Issues I was talking about was that in our day-to-day interaction, we are seeing more collaboration with SAFSA.
 There are, for example, environments where SPASTA has invited us to be in their offices
 to help capture the accounts.
 and that will drive activation to be better.
 We've also been invited by SASA in some of the provinces
 to go with them in their outreach programs.
 so that we can open new accounts in those environments.
 But for the tender itself, we have not factor that in,
 into the numbers, because we want to get a better sense if we are fortunate to be one
 of the banks that win this and then obviously we will be in a better situation to kind of
 assess what the revenue implications are of that win.
 but we have not affected that in the projections of account close.
 So, Lincoln, that's very helpful.
 Are there any sort of expectation of a certain number of accounts that you could gain over
 for the next year or two years, or is that too early to tell them?
 Yeah.
 It's...
 It's too early to tell, right, because the biggest thing is all of the work of changing
 the culture, all of the work of training the staff, all of the work of changing the mindset
 from a logistics company to a financial services, all of the work of improving our relationship
 with SASA and all of the work of being in the market, competing and launching new products.
 All of those are its early days to be making, you know,
 Thank you.
 you know, projections, what we can see now are these three months where there's a growth
 of 50,000 accounts.
 That's the earliest stage of what we can see.
 We want to know whether, when we speak to you in a quarter of time, is there a much
 more descendable pattern that's emerging so it is quite early days to be able to put you know higher
 projections which then, you know, do not come to pass, which then reinforces, again,
 Chris's point that said of the three levers, the one that is so immediately in our control
 and doesn't depend on the number of other variables
 is the cost that we see that are outsized
 versus the opportunity.
 And those costs are costs that we will look at
 and do something about those costs.
 while simultaneously doing the other things
 of improving our R2 and improving our count flow.
 That's very helpful.
 And then just the last bit is, if you can talk about any synergies related to the Connect
 group.
 assuming any increase in customer accounts
 from the acquisition of Connect Group,
 Any access to consumer accounts through the merchants, through those merchants.
 So, at this point, Rod, we haven't impacted in any synergistic benefits into our account
 growth or even your growth forecast at all, you know, we only looked at this purely on
 on a standalone basis.
 That said, there are some clear synergies that we believe do exist between the two businesses.
 You know, and we are very focused on, and you know, once the transaction, assuming the
 transition gets, you know, the approval of the competition commission and the other requirements
 out of the way, we'll be very focused on delivering it.
 And to give you a flavor, you know, the things we see in terms of synergies, firstly, there's
 the opportunity of a payment switch integration
 between Easy Pay and Kazang.
 It's a real opportunity.
 Secondly, there's an opportunity in terms of the cost of cash processing within the
 combined group. The connect group is a generator of cash as a commodity through the smart-save
 business where the NIT1 ATM state requires cash.
 And in third, this is, you know, to your point, Kazang is a foot
 front of over 35,000 formal merchants around the country.
 We believe there's an opportunity to align and partner better between NET1 and Kazang
 in terms of accessing consumers that would, you know,
 those informal merchant's facts.
 The fourth one is, you know, we have a very strong presence in places like the Eastern Cape and
 Quasula Natale, whereas the Zhang traditionally is stronger in the Western Cape and heart
 So, we feel there's an opportunity to help rapid growth in those markets.
 So, you know, there are those opportunities, they're not built into these numbers.
 We've tried to remain conservative.
 I think just to emphasize another point,
 I think Lincoln made very eloquently, which is,
 You know, this is early days for us, Rog.
 We, as a new management team, want to give you clarity with as much certainty as possible
 around where we're going.
 You know, the trends are starting to become clear in terms of account growth and activation
 and so forth, but it's a developing picture, so we've got a balance, you know, trying to
 give you an earlier view on what we're seeing with the confidence that what we're seeing
 is, you know, deliverable, so we feel we're moving in that direction and we're very excited
 about it.
 But we are, you know,
 asking, hopefully we've given you a lot more than we gave you three months ago, we will
 one to give you more in another three months.
 Absolutely.
 much for the detail and thank you for the added color by Lincoln on the operations as
 I'll take it offline.
 Thank you.
 The next question is from Kumbh Gondani of Standard Bank.
 Please go ahead.
 Thank you.
 Thanks Lincoln and team for the presentation thus far, and that's quite early
 but have you seen any impact from the likes of Vodapay on easy pay and the numbers and
 And what's your expectation with mobile money providers looking to get into this space?
 Thank you
 Yeah, this is an exciting environment. It's a very competitive environment. We are rebuilding a team there.
 We have hired a very seasoned executive, Andrew Wilmot, who is repositioning our business
 in order for it to be able to compete.
 It's been early days to see what
 what a pay has been able to do,
 but we've got a competitively strong position to maintain
 in that environment, and if you combine what we've got with what is possible with the Connect
 group.
 the talent and the leadership in both teams.
 I think we will be a formidable competitor ourselves, and we'll be able to compete in
 in that space.
 quite adequately. So we're watching that space, you know, quite closely. Some of the people
 that are behind what it be,
 people I've certainly worked with. I know they're very smart guys, very
 committed guys so we are not underestimating what's out there but again our focus is we
 We want to make a real difference in underserved merchants, particularly in the informal space.
 And that combination of what we've got and what Kazangpei brings to the party, I think
 I think that that's going to be an amazing combination and we look forward to be able to compete on that basis.
 Does that also your questions can be?
 Yes, it does. Thank you very much.
 Thank you very much.
 Ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions in the queue and I'd like to end the conference
 back to Mr. Mayer for some closing remarks.
 Thank you. So thank you very much operator and just to conclude
 food. Thank you very much everybody for joining us on the call. Thank you for the questions
 and thank you for the interest in our business.
 And I hope that you've heard the excitement that we feel around our transformation turning
 around the consumer financial services business, through the customer acquisition, reduced
 costs and I focus on building the leading South African FinTech platform for underserved
 consumers and merchants. We're all very, very committed to this, and we look forward to
 more on the journey in future course.
 Thank you very much for joining us.
 Thank you very much, sir.
 Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes this conference.
 and you may not disconnect.