 Greetings, and welcome to the TechnicLess 3rd Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call.
 At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode.
 A brief question and answer session
 will follow the formal presentation.
 If anyone should require operator assistance,
 during the conference.
 please press star zero on your telephone keypad.
 As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 It is now my pleasure to introduce your host,
 Brad Kray, Investor Relations.
 Thank you, sir. You may begin.
 Thank you for joining us for Technoglass' third quarter 2021 conference call.
 A copy of the slide presentation to accompany this call may be obtained on the investor
 section of the Technoglass website.
 Our speakers for today's call,
 Our chief executive officer, Jose Manuel Diaz.
 Chief Operating Officer, Chris Dias,
 and Chief Financial Officer, Santiago Gerardo.
 I'd like to remind everyone that matters discussed in this call, except for historical
 and...
 information are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities
 with the litigation reform act.
 1995, including statements regarding future financial performance, future growth, and
 future...
 future acquisitions.
 Both statements are based on Technolassa's current expectations or beliefs, and are subject
 to uncertainty and changes in circumstances.
 Actual results may differ in a material way from those expressed or implied by the statements
 herein due to changes in economic, business, competitive,
 endoregulatory factors, and other risks and uncertainties
 effect in the operation of technoass's business.
 These risks, uncertainties, and contingencies
 are indicated from time to time in techno glasses filings
 with the SCC.
 The information discussed during the call
 is presented in light of such risks.
 Further, investors should keep in mind that techno glasses financial results in any particular
 period may not be indicative of future results.
 Technoglass is under no obligation to, and expressly disclaims any obligation to update
 or alter its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events,
 changes and assumptions, or otherwise.
 I will now turn the call over to Jose Manuel, beginning on slide number four.
 Thank you, Brad, and thank you, everyone, for participating on today's call.
 I could not be more proud of our exceptional third quarter performance, making our fourth
 consecutive quarter of a year, of a year of revenue growth.
 And in another period of record results,
 across many of our key metrics.
 We achieved yet another quarter of record revenue, with 29% growth in the U.S.
 which represented nearly 95% of our total revenue.
 This outside growth was led by our single-family residential cells that were up 230% during
 the quarter. First, to be said, market continues to surpass our expectations and largely reflect
 a strong demand from our best-in-class products across our deepening presence in the Southeast
 U.S. region.
 We also strengthen our commercial foothold in a practice market throughout the country
 with a growing backlog of commercial projects to invoice through 2022.
 Building in our impressive self-performance, we were able to grow adjusted in it by 36%
 to a new record of $49 million for the third quarter.
 Adjusted reading damage also came in at record levels and improved by 220 basis points.
 year over year to 29.7 percent.
 This performance was due to the stronger cells I mentioned previously, along with the disabling
 because controls and the benefits of previously implemented
 high return investments, producing a gross margin of 39.6%, which is also a record for
 in the third quarter.
 Furthermore, continued momentum in our single-family residential business, which has the shortest
 car cycle, combined with careful working capital management,
 collectively helped to generate our 7th straight quarter of robust cash flow.
 at a quarterly record of nearly 33 billion.
 This allowed us to pay down debt while investing further in automation capabilities and capacity
 to address the expected growth ahead.
 As a result of our vertically integrated platform and its strategic geographic position, we
 continue to enjoy a healthy, competitive advantage that has mostly insulated pendulum
 less, not far from widespread supply chain disruptions, and most input cost pressures
 I think to your industry.
 Oh, it's so cool, I like that it is...
 Produce additional share games as new and existing customers value or shorter lead times
 Continuity of product availability and best in class quality.
 Based on our success so far this year, and the opportunities we see, we are pleased
 to increase our full year revenue and adjust the unit that grows outward, which Santiago
 We'll discuss later in the call.
 In conclusion, we expect to continue executing our highly profitable growth strategy and
 generating cash flow to deliver additional value for shareholders.
 with the thanks of our balance sheet,
 the financial flexibility.
 We are extremely confident in our ability to achieve our goals of justice while maintaining
 our industry living margins.
 We have a highly efficient
 vertically integrated, and low cost operation with an extensive portfolio of innovative
 top of the line problems that should allow us to continue winning in our market.
 I will now turn the call over to Chris to provide additional details on our record backlog.
 Thank you, Jose Manuel.
 The strength of our resolve reflects our ability to execute our growth strategy as a U.S.-centric
 company, while providing exceptional service to our customers.
 We were thrilled to build on top of our first half 2021 momentum.
 In the third quarter, we gain share.
 Deliver new products offering, and expand our dealer network.
 During the quarter, we were pleased to begin invoicing products under our new multi-max
 product line, which target production home builders, as well as legacy and new dealers.
 This is an opportunity that we believe represents significant upside to our long-term growth
 potential.
 Beyond new products, we are seeing a sharp acceleration
 of growth in our prestige and elite single-family residential product lines.
 We continue to expect strong growth in single family through specter share gain held by
 a continued positive overall housing environment in the U.S.
 In addition, we have a number of commitments for commercial and multi-family projects,
 which helped to grow our backlog to a new record level of $575.8 million a quarter end.
 As it relates to commercial indicators, we have been pleased to see increases in the
 ABI index, which moved further into expansion territory for the eighth consecutive month
 What is September?
 The September ABI index increased to 56.6 compared to 55.6 in August, remaining in expansion
 territory and consistent with levels not seen since the early 2019.
 At $575.8 million, our third-quarter backlog level represents more than 1.2 times our trailing
 12-month revenue, providing us with solid visibility and commercial demand through 2022.
 The U.S. continues to represent an increasing share of projects accounting for over 86 percent
 of our third-quarter backlog.
 Approximately two-thirds of our bar globe is comprised of medium and high-rise residential
 projects as well as single-family residential already in production.
 but one-third is related to a wide array of commercial projects.
 As a reminder, our single-family residential growth trajectory is not fully captured in our backlog.
 This is due to the shorter term spot duration of those projects.
 looking ahead, our strong cash flow generation capabilities
 arising from our vertically integrated advantages.
 have allowed us to invest significantly in growth capex.
 During the third quarter, we spent 10 million in gross capex
 to automate a third-class processing line,
 enhance our soft coating facility and expand our aluminum
 production capacity to address incremental demand.
 We believe growth investment, such as this, will help us address the expected growth we
 foresee through 2022, with the previously discussed install capacity and incremental
 efficiencies anticipated to become operational by the Fourth
 Court of 2021 or early in the first court of 2022, we expect to have the necessary installed
 capacity to significantly expand our invoicing capabilities well beyond current levels.
 I will now turn the call over to Santiago on slide 6 to discuss the strong demand for
 single-family products, vertical integrated strategy and financial results and our improved
 our loop for the year.
 Thank you, Christian. Our third quarter results represent yet another quarter of consistent
 execution following years of investments in technology and
 enhancements, our facilities, as well as our strategic positioning in the U.S. single family
 residential market. In the third quarter, we were thrilled to expand upon our exceptional
 first half 2021 performance.
 We saw our momentum continue, primarily through share gains and new business wins in our
 single-family business.
 This momentum resulted in our total revenue increasing to new record levels, notably our
 Our single family revenues increased 213 percent year over year, representing 48 percent of
 our third quarter U.S. revenues and 35 percent of our U.S. sales on an LTM basis.
 new business wins and market share gains.
 Our sales continue to benefit from our very clean and great business model and strategically
 located operations.
 The accelerating demand for our products is attributable to our ability to supply superior
 quality products with shorter lead times at an attractive value.
 as Chris mentioned, while our single family
 sales in the third quarter were primarily comprised of our prestige and elite product
 lines.
 we were thrilled to begin invoicing orders for a multi-max product line targeting production
 on home builders.
 Regardless of our future volatility in the housing market or forward-looking indicators,
 such as housings, darts.
 We expect this product line to offer pure upside to our already strong residential
 sales.
 as we continue to focus on expanding our single-family presence
 with dealership expansion and geographic diversification.
 Looking at slide 7.
 We would like to draw your attention to the factors driving our success and above market
 growth in 2021, helping us to differentiate techno glass as the architectural glass provider
 of choice in the U.S.
 As we have discussed in previous quarters,
 are strategically located, verically integrated,
 and low-cost operations provide us with sustainable
 competitive advantages compared to our peers.
 Our structural advantages and significant investments in our operations continue to
 facilitate our ability to quote more projects, expand
 customer relationships and deliver products
 with much shorter lead times
 than the current industry average.
 are very quickly integration.
 and joint venture with Sengoban allows us significant
 control over our purchasing and transportation costs with
 non-material pressures from raw material costs or material availability.
 Also, we have not experienced any significant wage cost increases or labor constraints.
 Additionally, energy costs continue to be stable.
 given our ability to source energy from our solar panel generation in natural gas cogeneration.
 Collectively, it has enhanced ability to deliver attractively priced products in a timely
 manner. And in turn, unlock opportunities to build new relationships and trench ourselves
 with existing customers and drive market share gains.
 On slide number eight, we displayed the areas where
 we believe we have already made significant achievements across the ESG spectrum.
 We are pleased to further highlight our commitment to environmental, social, and governance responsibilities
 through our 2020 Sustainability Report published a few weeks ago.
 Throughout our years as a public company, we have worked to serve all of our stakeholders
 from implementing green technology,
 such as our 15 million investment in solar technology
 for our facilities, through our efforts to develop
 techno blast as an employer of choice in Colombia by way of our investments in our employee
 and corporate culture.
 On slide nine, we have provided a high-level view of the goals we will seek to achieve
 on a go-forward basis.
 as outlined in our report.
 we have to sign and continuously implement strategies
 aim to encourage the efficient use of materials and resources, as well as the development
 of environmentally friendly technologies.
 We also looked to responsibly manage the value chain
 and the lifecycle of the products we sell.
 And we do all of this to offer our partners innovative
 and testing class products
 that are environmentally friendly and energy efficient.
 Tengno glass remains dedicated to corporate social responsibility.
 in our 2020 reports marks another important milestone in our ESG journey.
 Let's now discuss our third quarter financials starting with revenue drivers on slide number
 or you left it.
 Total revenues increased 26% year over year to a record 130.4 million for the third quarter.
 In the U.S., which represents 94 percent of our total revenues, we saw growth of approximately
 29% to a record 123.2 million compared to 95.7 million in the prior year quarter.
 strength was primarily driven by strong growth in a single family housing activity in market
 share games that I discussed previously.
 This more than offset the air pocket in commercial activity as projects in our backlog that have
 we assume progress to the latter stage of construction when
 architectural glass is typically installed.
 based on conversations with customers.
 We believe commercial is on track to recover
 as we move early into 2022.
 looking at the drivers of Adjusted IVIDA on slide number 12.
 Adjusted EBITDA in the third quarter of 2021 increased 36.1% to a record 38.7 million compared
 to $28.5 million in the prior year quarter.
 Adjusted EBITDA margin was 29.7%.
 a third quarter record and a strong 220 basis points improvement compared to the prior year period.
 We were pleased to produce record third quarter gross profit on both a dollar and margin base
 Our gross profit increased 28.7 percent to 51.6 million, representing a gross margin
 of 39.6%.
 This compared to gross profit of 40.1 million in the prior year quarter, representing a
 gross margin of 38.8 percent.
 Our 80 basis point improvement in margin was mainly attributable to greater operating
 efficiencies and a higher mix of revenue from manufacturing versus installation activity
 given our increased mix of single family residential products
 where we do not carry out interpolation.
 Higher nominal operating expenses for the quarter, mainly reflected higher variable
 expenses related to marine and ground transportation and commissions.
 A percentage of revenue operating expenses were lowered by 280 basis points compared to
 to the prior year period.
 due to higher revenues and better operating leverage
 on personnel, professional fees, and other fixed expenses.
 Now, looking at our balance sheet and leverage profile on slide number 13.
 to reiterate a point made in previous quarters, the recapitalization of our dead structure
 last October and our outstanding track record of cash flow generation has significantly
 and hence our financial flexibility.
 In the third quarter, we were proud to record operating cash flow of 33 million at an 84%
 conversion from adjusted EBITDA.
 For the past 12 months, we have generated operating cash flow of 114 million, representing
 85% of adjusted EBITDA.
 higher margin shorter tax cycle single family revenues combined with exceptional working
 capital management and low interest expense are all helping to drive a digital shareholder
 of values.
 transformation in our ability to generate significant cash.
 less those well positioned to deploy capital opportunistically during the quarter.
 To that end, we spent $10 million in growth capex in the quarter in order to address affected
 demand.
 This move aligns with our strategy to invest in further operational efficiencies and allows
 us to prepare for the additional growth we expect in the quarters ahead.
 We expect these investments to be operational late in the fourth quarter of 2021 or early
 early first quarter of 2022.
 to.
 In addition to investments in our operations, we use ex-miss capital to voluntarily prepay
 $30 million of debt under our syndicated term loan facility during the quarter.
 We were pleased to achieve a lowest leverage ratio in the company's history, which decreased
 to 0.9 times net dead to adjust the rivita at quarter A.
 Furthermore, our joint venture with Tengovan to construct our previously announced second
 state-of-the-art float glass plant in Barranquilla remains on track to break
 ground in the first half of 2022. As we discussed in the past, our capital contributions toward
 that project have already been completed.
 so we don't expect any additional captics.
 as it relates to the project.
 moving to our outlook on slide number 15.
 Based on our strong third quarter performance and continued momentum in 2021, as well as
 our solid demand outlook through ERN.
 we are increasing our full year 2021 outlook.
 We now expect full year 2021 revenues of 485 to 495 million, representing growth of 31%
 at the midpoint.
 We continue to expect the U.S. to represent the significant majority of our growth.
 Based on this sales outlook and anticipated mix of revenues, we're raising our full year
 adjusted EBITDA outlook to a range of one hundred and forty to one hundred and forty
 45 million, representing 46% growth at the midpoint of the range as well as margin expansion.
 Our gross margins should continue to benefit from our high return capital investment in
 automation initiatives, as well as our proven ability to efficiently manage costs.
 As a reminder, we do not carry out installation for a single family residential sales.
 However, we do carry out installation for many of the commercial projects in our backlog.
 Based on our strong year-to-date mix of single-family revenues and our faster growth in that end market,
 We still anticipate a larger mix of higher-margin products versus installation revenue for full
 year of 2021 compared to the prior year. That said, given the anticipated sequential increase
 in the mix of our commercial revenues that include installation, we expect our margins
 to normalize to a high 30% level in the fourth quarter of 2021.
 We expect capex in 2021 to be approximately 35 million
 with a large portion of these expenses going towards further automation and growth investments
 to efficiently manage increasing demand for our products.
 maintenance CAPEX continues to represent less than 2% of our sales.
 In summary, we are extremely pleased with our exceptional performance to date in 2021.
 We are happy to see strong returns from our business enhancements initiatives over the
 past few years.
 Our balance sheet is stronger than ever, in our very conservative leverage profile, position
 us well to generate ongoing value creations for shareholders.
 Looking ahead, we will continue to leverage our unique, very clean, and great platform
 to target new customer relationships.
 further penetrate the U.S. single-family residential market to our innovative products and superior
 times.
 We believe these key differentiators, along with our prudent growth investments, will
 continue to provide greater returns for our shareholders as we move into 2022.
 that, we will be happy to answer your questions. Operator, please open the line for questions.
 Thank you. We will now be conducting a question and answer session.
 If you would like to ask a question, please press star one on your telephone keypad.
 A confirmation tone will indicate your line is in the question queue.
 You may press star two if you would like to remove your question from the queue.
 For participants using...
 speaker equipment.
 It may be necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the star keys.
 moment please while we poll for questions.
 Thank you.
 First question comes from a line of Tim Wadges with Baird.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hey everybody, good morning.
 Nice job.
 Good morning.
 Maybe just to start on residential, you know, obviously, you know, clearly a lot of momentum
 behind that business line.
 I guess at this point, what's your visibility for residential into next year, and I guess
 you...
 you just did, you know, basically $60 million in sales this quarter, do you think that's
 a proper kind of baseline, you know, to use moving forward?
 Can we effectively annualize that?
 Yes, I believe that is a bottom line as a matter of fact, we believe we're gonna keep
 increasing over this eventual line.
 And, uh, that's the end of this video.
 Thank you so much for watching.
 The 60 million per quarter is in line with what we believe is the bottom line for that
 No line, no business.
 And when you think about the opportunity, maybe just even in Florida, could you give
 Give us some perspective on how big the Florida market is on residential and where your share
 is today.
 Oh, I believe our share is perhaps 20 percent.
 I don't believe it's too much, I mean, the competition, there are many competitors and
 And a couple of them are even today larger than us, so I believe there is a lot of upside
 that we could get.
 Okay, okay, that's good and then and then maybe on the margin side just on raw materials
 I know you've had some favorable hedges on aluminum.
 How do you think of that kind of normalizing?
 and maybe any impact there on gross margins
 to next year, I guess, you know, will you effectively be able to offset that with with
 pricing, and I guess same thing with glass.
 Yeah, so basically on the glass side, through our joint venture, we get stable pricing.
 on the aluminum front is where you would have to kind of be mindful there but with aluminum prices
 coming down, we don't foresee any impact on margins going forward.
 As we said, we see high 30s for the rest of the year, and into 2022, I don't expect that
 change it.
 Okay. Okay, great. We'll hop back in queue. Nice job, guys.
 Thanks
 Our next question comes from a line of Josh Wilson with Raymond James.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Yes, good morning, and thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the court.
 Thanks. Good morning, Josh.
 Could you give us a sense of what the Multimax contribution was to single family in the quarter?
 Yeah, so basically right now. We're doing about two million per month on that. So it's ramping up nicely
 still a lot of the contribution was from the legacy products.
 Furthermore to that, we didn't want, as I mentioned in the last call, we don't like
 to start doing too much of something because it's a new line for us and we like to make
 I make a mistake small so...
 We now a good grip on how the line works
 what the customers want, how they like to receive.
 And I believe that line is going to keep increasing for next year.
 got it and you had some nice growth in the backlog was that pretty uniform
 throughout the U.S., or did you see pockets of strength and weakness regionally?
 Well, on the commercial side of outside of Florida, we saw a slowdown for a year and
 a half.
 And we weren't able to close as many jobs as we wanted to because cities like New York,
 Boston, Chicago, they lagged behind everything else, a bit behind Florida for example or
 behind Texas. But now in the last month, after we closed the quarter, we have seen a lot
 of closing jobs and everything is just speeding up and we believe in this
 This quarter we're going to have record closings in those areas, so we see it coming up.
 We are very enthusiastic now about it.
 Good. And last one for me, can you give us a sense of what the 2022 Cat-X might look
 like?
 Yeah.
 So you see...
 It's going to be a step down, obviously we invested significantly in growth to be able
 to have the operational capacity to grow for the next couple of years.
 So my guess is that we'll be around kind of 10 to 15 million type capex next year.
 Got it. Thanks a lot.
 Thanks, Josh.
 Our next question comes from line of Julio Romero with Sidori.
 So please proceed with your question.
 Okay, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
 Good morning, Julio.
 Hey, so what are you guys hearing from customers in Florida in regards to your service proposition and and you know talk about how your lead
 times are trending compared to some of your competition in that area?
 Our lead times have been steady.
 I mean, we don't have that much constraint on materials,
 wheels and also our capacity. We foresaw that we have a lot of demand of the
 So we expanded before the upturn and we have the capacity to keep shipping at 6 to 8 weeks.
 We're doing really good.
 I mean, they're very happy.
 We do very good service and our windows, they don't need that much service.
 That is one of the advantages that we have.
 Okay, got it. And I guess for my follow-up, you know, your balance sheet is looking very good.
 good, you're under one time's leverage, you invested in some growth and you
 pay down some debt in the quarter
 If you could just talk about, you know,
 How you think about your target leverage and maybe priorities for crash?
 Well, this is Christian.
 We invested heavily in the last couple of years.
 of years on increasing the capacity and on being a more efficient doing the products
 and he's paying off.
 That's why with the increased capacity that we're installing today, we're going to be
 able to continue to grow double digits.
 Ah.
 That's it, my little friend.
 We are going to try to be at least 20% bigger next year, better next year with the investment
 that we have made, we have all the capacity, and obviously we're generating good cash and
 So the leverage is very stable, and coming down here is something else.
 Yeah, so we're down.
 We're below one time, Julio.
 I think our target when we started the year was two times, so obviously we're very
 comfortable where we're at and have a lot of financial flexibility to undertake that
 back at the growth that we're seeing.
 I think for the foreseeable future, we'll continue investing in CAPEX, in growth and
 And if we need to repay further debt, that'll be another way to use cash, but, you know,
 at this point were definitely well below our original target.
 Okay, very nice quarter and best of luck in Q4.
 Thank you.
 Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thielman with D.A. Davidson.
 Please proceed with your question.
 Hey, thank you. Congrats as well.
 Great quarter.
 Thanks.
 Yeah, thank you. I guess I wanted to ask a little bit about 2022 or see what I can get
 from you guys.
 I assume that you're going to see a higher mix of installation as you convert some of
 this backlog, but your residential strength is unbelievable.
 And I guess I'm trying to think about the impact to margins,
 is the residential business gotten to a base that's large enough to offset that, you know,
 Mix them back, you might see next year from installation.
 That's that's correct, and that's how we're seeing it. I think both factors will offset each other
 So even if we have more installation, we think that we can maintain gross margins.
 It doesn't matter about the subject,
 But I want to clarify that we only do installation in Florida.
 We refrain from doing any installation in Texas or outside
 that we were doing before.
 So, since we're selling a lot now outside of Florida
 outside of Florida without installation, even if the installation wraps up in Florida with
 the increase selling outside of Florida with uninstallation and the residential picking
 up and the commercial projects for big size are, I mean, running unbelievably high.
 I believe the margins are going to stay the same or even better perhaps.
 Yeah, and then I guess I want to ask as well, I mean, I seem to be navigating, you know, higher
 logistics environment very well. I guess it's the increase in onshore freight
 rates impacted your ability at all to penetrate more of these sort of inland markets, not
 the southeast, but maybe Midwest and elsewhere, or is that negligible?
 Yeah, I pray pray has been coming up lately
 We have seen an increase like 30% or 40% in the rates, but a container takes between
 $40,000 to $80,000 of materials inside.
 So the freight is still a small amount, like less than 5% or 5% of cost of product in transportation.
 and we have passed the cost over to customers.
 Unfortunately, we have to do it and we are trying to open new ways of shipping to Miami
 me through Cartagena, which is a much bigger port than Barraquilla, to see if we can lower
 the cost of shipping.
 Okay.
 I guess maybe one more on Multimax.
 Just be interested in any sort of milestones and successes you've had recently with new builders and any
 targets or objectives you guys can share for that business for the rest of this
 here, or even 22 if you're willing.
 Well, all the builders that we have been selling to, we have like six accounts, they're all
 happy with the product. The product performs much better than the competition. It's better
 looking more modern style and it has a much better glass, it doesn't break as much or
 very negligently in our case.
 And they are repeating and keep ordering and ordering and giving us
 I mean, I see that business increasing, and like I said before, we don't like to go into
 a business and go like crazy and then don't know how it works and make big mistakes and
 lose clients. We started, we're doing good, we're happy, we fixed a few things that they
 didn't like the way in which we shipped the leaf times and the packing and now
 Well, they're all happy and we are more happy than they are.
 Okay.
 Maybe one more for me, just it doesn't seem like you need to do M&A, but is it something
 you're...
 looking at what what what would that look like if you were
 To us, merchant acquisitions would make sense on buying a company that we don't have the know-how.
 And for now, we have looked at many things, and nothing is attractive enough for the moment
 To even mention it or to do anything emergency acquisitions, we believe we can develop the
 market that grow organically costs a lot less and look at our balance sheet, I mean it speaks
 by itself.
 Absolutely.
 Well, thank you.
 Thank you for taking the questions.
 Thanks, Brian.
 Our next question comes from a line of Alex Regal with B. Riley. Please receive with your question.
 Thank you, and also a great quarter here.
 Coming back to the Multimax product and your other residential products,
 How many states are you now selling that product into and how should we think about geographic
 growth in 2022 for that U.S. residential area.
 So actually, we're now selling 99% in Florida.
 We have sold, like I said the last time, we are doing some tryouts in South Carolina,
 North Carolina and Texas, and they have been really successful, people are happy, we are
 learning, and we plan to step it up, especially from January on.
 this coming quarter, I mean, the quarter that we're in,
 We're going to keep doing a little business, learning the trade, how they like to be packed,
 How do you like to receive, get all the feedback, and finalize the development of a couple of
 products that we were meeting in those areas and for next year we expect those
 states to start buying and increase the purchasing month by month.
 and then turned it over to the U.S. commercial business,
 which was down in the third quarter.
 you obviously have very positive comments
 as regards to the backlog of that business
 and the reopening of that business.
 So how should we think about modeling the U.S. commercial business in 2022?
 I suspect it's a little bit more sort of back-end loaded in 2022, but your comments would be
 Well, in 2020 we expected a downturn for 2022 in the commercial outside of Florida because
 slowly is booming and we were expecting that but now that there are a lot of
 closures we believe are going to be
 par with
 with this here and it looks a power a little better and 2023 is going to look a lot better
 than 2022 or 2021.
 Very helpful. Thank you very much.
 Welcome home.
 Thank you. We have reached the end of the question and answer session.
 I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Jose Manuel Diaz for further comment.
 Well, thanks everyone for participating on today's call.
 We hope to keep doing our job and having a lot of good news for our shareholders.
 Thank you so much.
 Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference.
 conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation
 and have a wonderful day.