 Thanks, Dave, and good morning, everyone.
 Thank you for joining the call this morning.
 If you would, please go to slide number five.
 Next slide depicts the components of our revenue growth for the first quarter.
 I'll focus on the total lesion results and cover the regions on their respective slides.
 As indicated, we delivered 8% organic growth in the first quarter.
 The stronger organic growth reflects healthy markets
 in the Americas, continued strength and driving electronics
 growth, and the company's focus on channel initiatives.
 The favorable comparable driven by last year's ERP implementation was also a factor in the
 strong growth.
 Pricing was favorable in the quarter in all regions, as the company remains disciplined
 and taking necessary pricing actions
 to help mitigate the impact of rising commodity prices.
 during the quarter, acquisitions contributed 2% growth
 and foreign currency was a headwind, particularly in the AMIA region.
 Please go to slide number six.
 Reported net revenues for the quarter were $548.8 million.
 This reflects an increase of 9.3% versus a prior year of 8% on an organic basis.
 I was particularly pleased with the outstanding organic revenue growth from America's, which
 strong growth in both the non-residential and residential businesses as we continue to
 deliver above market growth.
 also had good price realization in the quarter, offsetting the currency headwind seen in the
 income of $100.7 million and adjusted operating margin of 18.3% increased 19% and 150 basis
 points, respectively, what compares to the prior year.
 All regions delivered improved adjusted operating margins.
 The operational improvement was driven by solid incremental volume leverage, price, productivity,
 and product mix which more than offset the impact of inflation in incremental investments.
 I'd also note that we improved our industry-leading adjusted EBITDA margin to 21.1% in the quarter
 in improvement of 130 basis points versus the prior year.
 All regions improved on this metric in the quarter.
 The business continues to execute at a high level demonstrating both strong organic growth
 and operational margin improvement.
 while continuing to make investments for future profitable growth.
 Please go to slide number seven.
 This slide reflects our EPS reconciliation for the first quarter.
 For the first quarter of 2016,
 reported EPS was 60 cents.
 adjusting one set for the prior year restructuring expenses
 and integration costs related to acquisitions.
 The 2016 adjusted EPS was 61 cents.
 Operational results increased EPS by 17 cents.
 his favorable price, operating leverage, and productivity more than offset inflationary
 impacts.
 decrease in the adjusted effective tax rates
 of a five-cent per share increase versus a prior year.
 The decrease in rate is primarily due to favorable impacts from discrete tax items, including
 the benefits
 from the recently adopted accounting standard on share-based compensation.
 These discrete benefits more than offset unfavorable changes in the mix of income earned
 and higher rate jurisdictions.
 Next, a reduction in the number of outstanding shares
 of a one-cent per share M-grace.
 Moving on, incremental investments weigh 4 cents per share reduction.
 These investments relate to new product development and channel initiatives which allow us to
 growth faster than the market, expand our electromechanical presence, and increase our vitality
 index.
 Next, interest and other income were a net 7 cent per share reduction.
 This was primarily attributable to the positive impact
 in the sale of non-strategic marketable securities
 during the first quarter of 2016,
 It did not repeat in Q1, 2017.
 This results in adjusted first quarter 2017 EPS of 7.3 cents per share, an increase of
 of 12 cents for approximately 20% compared to the prior year.
 with the growth driven by operational improvements
 in organic growth.
 continuing on, we have a negative 2 cent per share reduction from acquisition and restructuring
 charges.
 After giving effects to these one-time items, you arrive at the first quarter of 2017 reported
 DPS of 71 cents.
 Please go to slide number eight.
 First quarter revenues for the America's region were $407.6 million, up 12.3% on a reported
 basis and 10.3% organically.
 Long organic growth requests above market performance, driven by our new product and
 channel initiatives has evidenced by mid-teens growth in electro-mechanical products.
 As noted on the chart, we experienced double digit growth in non-residential products
 driven by strength across the portfolio
 as we continue to see solid performance
 from our organic investments.
 Delays and shipments in the prior year related to an ERP implementation also contributed
 to the increase.
 Residential revenue also grew mid-single digits
 with continued strength and electronic.
 America's adjusted operating income of $107.8 million
 increased 17.7% versus the prior year and adjusted operating margin for the quarter increased
 to 120 basis points.
 The increase in adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin was driven by incremental
 volume leverage, price, and productivity, offsetting the impact from rising inflation
 in incremental investments.
 the operational increase?
 while absorbing incremental investments
 demonstrates excellent performance by the entire America's team.
 Please go to slide number nine.
 First quarter revenues for the AMIA region were $118.4 million, down 0.1 percent and
 up 1.3% on an organic basis.
 The reported revenue decline was driven by currency headwinds,
 which offset the contributions from price realization and acquisitions.
 The Simon's Ross business continues to perform well and saw strong growth, especially in
 in the docked region.
 A media-adjusted operating income of 8.5 million increased 2.4 percent versus the prior year period.
 The adjusted operating margin for the quarter increased 20 basis points while price of productivity
 more than offset the impacts from inflation,
 investment and currency headwinds.
 We continue to see margin expansion despite the inefficiencies we experienced associated
 with the previously announced restructuring plan
 to optimize our manufacturing footprint in the region.
 the complexity of the move is challenging.
 As a result, the benefits we expect is realized are delayed.
 Please go to slide number 10.
 First quarter revenues for the Asia-Pacific region were $22.8 million, up 9.6% versus the prior year.
 Organic revenue increased 4.8 percent driven primarily by solid growth in the Australia
 New Zealand region, as we are seeing good traction on our channel expansion initiatives.
 Total revenue was also supported by favorable foreign currency impacts and contributions from acquisitions.
 Asia Pacific adjusted operating income for the quarter was 0.6 million with adjusted operating margins up 260 basis points versus the prior year period.
 Strong volume leverage and improved operational performance led to the adjusted operating margin expansion.
 Please go to slide number 11.
 Available cash flow for the first quarter was negative 48.7 million, which is a decrease of 40.5 million compared to the prior year period.
 The decrease is driven by the 50 million discretionary pension funding payment
 that was made in the quarter partially offset by higher net earnings.
 Working capital as a percent of revenues in the ratio for the cash conversion cycle,
 increase in the first quarter of 2017 when compared to the prior year period.
 The increase is primarily driven by planned increases in inventory levels in certain areas
 to improve customer fulfillment requirements
 in the inventory bill related to the EMEA manufacturing mode.
 We remain committed to the EMEA manufacturing mode.
 to an effective and efficient use of working capital.
 Lastly, we are affirming our full year available cash flow guidance of $300 to $320 million,
 which is net of the 50 million discretionary pension funding payments.
 I will now hand the call back over to Dave
 for an update on her full year 2017 guidance.
 Our first question is from Rich Kloss at Wells Fargo Securities.
 All right, good morning everyone.
 on the investments for the quarter,
 Was that more weighted to the Americas versus other parts of the world?
 Yes. It's a heavily weighted towards America's...
 under consideration as we look at the back house of the year.
 you know i i would uh... we have a strong quarter
 you know, as we indicated, some of that strength is just driven primarily from the not only
 both in the initiatives and in the returns on investments we're making, but some of it
 because the easier comparison because the delayed shipments last year as you're aware of.
 Tupper comps and Q2, but markets remain fairly strong and are cracking towards the organic
 revenue growth, we had indicated at the beginning of the year, you know, 6% to 7% for the full
 year, probably a little bit because of the tough costs in Q2, I would anticipate a lower
 Revenue growth, but the outlook for the full year still remains, you know, fairly positive just given the activity in the marketplace
 response from our customers, order intake, et cetera.
 So you're right, we've seen a significant movement in commodities across the board.
 The biggest impact for us relates to steel, brass, and zinc.
 Steel year over year is up at least at the end of the quarter, over 40 percent, and it's
 since then, another like 20%, so significant movements and as you indicated, we've been
 been able to move faster and price offset the commodity headwinds.
 What I would see through this is that we have a lot of people who have been able to
 the balance of the year, just kind of given where the current commodity prices trade today,
 is it...
 continued pressure on the cloth side. It will escalate a little bit in Q2, Q3, because if
 If you recall, we had some of our exposure
 on a forward-looking basis and so we're protected
 and to the extent the commodity prices stay in place
 for an extended period of time, you know, the exposure becomes greater.
 So, continue pressure, Q2, Q3.
 the comps get a little bit easier in Q4,
 because that's when we started seeing, you know, big movements in the cost space.
 But we will endeavor to mitigate that, offset it, et cetera.
 and that's our current plan through pricing actions.
 Got it.
 That's helpful, Patrick.
 And just maybe that is the base case there that price costs the state positive as we
 progress through the year or is it possible that in the next quarter or so you could go
 negative there and then and then you make it up in the back half of the year.
 It could be a little negative, but, you know, I would think we'd be, you know, neutral to
 slightly up is the expectation.
 And certainly as we look on a four year basis.
 about it, that's helpful.
 And maybe if I could sneak in one more, you know, when I went and visited, you guys spent
 time with you guys at ISU West, it seems like you guys were really excited about the year
 engaged platform.
 And I'm just wondering, like, how much opportunity is there with the platform?
 adding to your share gains in recent quarters.
 Maybe expand on that more strategically.
 That would be helpful.
 So I would characterize it as, you know,
 So every year we, particularly in America's, we go out the price increase and Q4, and so
 realizing the benefits, you know, basically the beginning of the following year as a lot
 of the activity is price protected, if you will.
 So what you saw in Q1 was in line with our expectations
 in the market.
 We are not, I'd say we're competitive in the market.
 We're not being overly aggressive, you know,
 from a discounting perspective either on residential
 or non-residential products.
 I would anticipate the pricing improvement to continue throughout the course of the year,
 maybe get a little bit better than the one-point improvement that we saw in Q1, and that kind
 to continue throughout the course of the year.
 They were actually fairly equal in Q1, but normally you're right.
 I mean we get, we have the ability to push price a little bit stronger and non-res than
 rest.
 That is still the case.
 As we continue to invest in both our channels and new products, you know, there's obviously
 carry over from the prior year but funding the new initiatives you know
 starts to really ramp up more so in Q2, Q3.
 and see a little bit heavier investment in those quarters relative to if you want.
 of our available cash flow for the full year.
 The long-term target is to continue to drive cash flow to be at 100% plus of net earnings.
 feel good that that's sustainable, you know, given the low investment requirements, particularly
 and working capital and CAPEX.
 So we'll continue to drive that in the deployment of the capital as we indicated in Investor
 day is, you know, we've got certain things that are designated, whether it be, you know,
 CapEx, dividends, debt repayment, et cetera.
 but we've got a big bulk of capital available
 for strategic investments, either through M&A or opportunistic share repurchase.
 And, you know, we'll continue to look at those opportunities as we progress throughout the
 year.
 to our short-term or long-term guidance in terms of cash generation going forward.